Queens of the Stone Age rocker Josh Homme admits he was “a total d--k” for kicking a photographer in the face during his Los Angeles gig Saturday night. Homme on Sunday tried making amends to Chelsea Lauren, the woman who came face-to-face with his boot during the KROQ Almost Christmas concert. “I don't have any excuse or reason to justify what I did. I was a total d--k and I'm truly sorry and I hope you're OK,” Homme said in an Instagram post Sunday night. “I made a lot of mistakes in my life and last night is definitely one of them,” he added. Homme said in an earlier apology he was “lost in performance” while kicking lighting and music equipment on stage. He failed to notice Lauren had been hurt after he kicked her camera, which bounced back in her face.
Article Continued Below
The wounded photog told Variety she saw Homme coming but was shooting in another direction.
Josh Homme of Queens of the Stone Age is seen bleeding onstage during KROQ Almost Acoustic Christmas 2017 on December 9, 2017 in Inglewood, Calif., where he kicked a photographer in the face. ( Kevin Winter / GETTY IMAGES for KROQ )
“The next thing I know his foot connects with my camera and my camera connects with my face, really hard. He looked straight at me, swung his leg back pretty hard and full-blown kicked me in the face,” Lauren said. Lauren shared video of the kick to Instagram, with a caption.
“Thanks to @joshhomme @queensofthestoneage I now get to spend my night in the ER. Seriously, WHO DOES THAT?!?” she wrote. Homme can be seen jamming and walking across the stage before he passes Lauren, pauses briefly, then extends his leg directly into her camera before carrying on with his riff. Lauren gave an update Sunday afternoon explaining that she had been released from the hospital that morning with a sore neck, nausea and a bruised eyebrow. “Assault in any form is not okay, no matter what the reasoning. Alcohol and drugs are no excuse. I was where I was allowed to be, I was not breaking any rules. I was simply trying to do my job,” she wrote.
Video has surfaced of Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme kicking a photographer during the band's performance at KROQ's Almost Acoustic Christmas concert in Los Angeles on Saturday night.
Apple and Aetna have held several secret meetings to discuss offering the Apple Watch to Aetna's 23 million customers, according to CNBC.
These meetings, held on Thursday and Friday of last week in Southern California, reportedly involved top executives from both companies, including Myoung Cha, who is in charge of Apple's special health projects, and hospital chief medical information officers from across the country.
Aetna could roll out the plan as early as next year, according to a CNBC source.
This is not the first time Apple has joined up with the health insurance company. Aetna already offers the Apple Watch to its 50,000 employees. Aetna also announced last September it would be offering the Apple Watch to select large employers and these talks could be an extension of that announcement.
Aetna now reportedly has ambitions to offer it to a wider field — adding large swaths of new health data to pull from and giving the health insurance company insight into the activities of its customers.
The deal also would be beneficial to Apple, which heavily promotes the Apple Watch for health and fitness and briefly became the top wearable vendor this year, beating out Fitbit before Xiaomi took the top spot in Q2.
Apple also has been secretly hiring biomedical engineers and beefing up work on sensors for tracking blood sugar levels and detection of other diseases, which would come in handy for any health insurer wanting data-driven insights into its customer base.
Of course, whether customers will be willing to give up that information in exchange for the Apple Watch remains to be seen.
OTTAWA — The federal Conservatives blew past their governing Liberal rivals in last year's annual fundraising race — in donors as well as dollars.
Annual financial reports published on the Elections Canada website show the Tories raised $18.84 million from 94,786 contributors in 2017, outflanking the Liberals by nearly $5 million.
That's compared with $18.25 million the Conservatives raised from 82,662 donors in 2016.
For their part, the Liberals raised $13.89 million from just 64,444 contributors, compared with $17.18 million from 82,285 donors the previous year.
A smaller entry of sheep on offer at Newtownstewart due to slippery road conditions.
D McIlwaine 25.4kgs, £89; K McMullin 25.8kgs, £89; L McNeely 28kgs, £86.50; G McFarland 23.8kgs, £84; P McFarland 23kgs, £83.50; A Dickson 23.9kgs, £83.50; T McNamee 24kgs, £83.20; D Millar 23.5kgs, £80; P McFarland 24.4kgs, £80; L McNeely 22.6kgs, £76.50; C F Kee 22.4kgs, £75; J Glenn 22.7kgs, £74; S Robinson 22.50kgs, £77.20.
Cattle sale: Once again the road conditions resulted in limited numbers.
Bullock prices: W D C Millar, Douglas Bridge 595kgs, £1,300, 620kgs, £1,320, 600kgs, £1,280, 635kgs, £1,245. A Armstrong, Dromore 540kgs, £1,100 and £1,080. J Wauchope, Strabane 550kgs, £925, 535kgs, £880.
Heifer prices: A Armstrong, Dromore 535kgs, £1,090 and £1,000. R Buchanan, Donemana 440kgs, £770, 410kgs, £710.
Friesian cows sold from £71 to £112.
Creative, The Magazine of Promotion and Marketing ISSN-0737-5883 is published on a bi-monthly basis by Magazines/Creative Inc., 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566, Tel. 516-378-0800. Form 3579 is requested. Second Class postage paid at New York, NY and additional mailing offices. Send address changes to Creative, 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566 or via E-mail.
Creative is published in the interest of sales promotion and marketing executives who manage Point-of-Purchase Display, Trade Show Exhibit and Sales Promotion Programs. The annual subscription rate for the printed magazine is $30.00 in the United States and $50.00 in all other countries. The single copy price is $4.00 in the United States. The Annual Illustrated Guide is $20.00.
Video Apple on Thursday released a security patch for macOS High Sierra 10.13 to address vulnerabilities in Apple File System (APFS) volumes and its Keychain software.
Matheus Mariano, a developer with Brazil-based Leet Tech, documented the APFS flaw in a blog post a week ago, and it has since been reproduced by another programmer, Felix Schwartz.
The bug (CVE-2017-7149) undoes the protection afforded to encrypted volumes under the new Apple File System (APFS).
The problem becomes apparent when you create an encrypted APFS volume on a Mac with an SSD using Apple's Disk Utility app. After setting up a password hint, invoking the password hint mechanism during an attempt to remount the volume will display the actual password in plaintext rather than the hint.
Here's a video demonstrating the programming cockup:
Youtube Video
Apple acknowledged the flaw in its patch release notes: "If a hint was set in Disk Utility when creating an APFS encrypted volume, the password was stored as the hint. This was addressed by clearing hint storage if the hint was the password, and by improving the logic for storing hints."
The Keychain flaw (CVE-2017-7150) was identified last week by Patrick Wardle, from infosec biz Synack. It allowed unsigned apps to access sensitive data stored in Keychain.
"It becomes clearer every day that Apple shipped #APFS way too early," wrote Schwartz in a tweet on Thursday.
Other coders have said as much. Shortly after Apple released the High Sierra upgrade, aka macOS 10.13, in late September, Brian Lopez, an engineering manager at GitHub, mused via Twitter, "Legitimately wondering of Apple accidentally shipped a pre-release version of High Sierra. So much of it is unfinished and unpolished."
Marco Arment, another developer, suggested Apple's focus on iOS has hurt its quality control elsewhere. "The biggest problem with Apple putting less effort into macOS isn't that it stagnates — it's that they make buggier, sloppier updates," he wrote via Twitter on Thursday.
Asked to comment, an Apple spokesperson directed The Register to its published security update notification and an accompanying knowledge base article. ®
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
IBM wants to bring machine learning to its traditional mainframe customers, and eventually to any technology with large data stores hidden behind a company firewall in what IBM calls a “private cloud.”
Yes mainframes, those ginormous computing machines from an earlier age, are still running inside some of the world's biggest companies including banks, insurance companies, airlines and large retailers. In fact, according to IBM, a modern IBM z Systems mainframe is capable of processing up to 2.5 billion transactions per day – the equivalent of roughly 100 Cyber Mondays every day.
IBM wants to bring some core Watson machine learning smarts to its mainframe clients — and eventually to any computing done inside the data center — to allow them to take advantage of all that data in a more modern machine learning context.
“Over 90 percent of the data in the world can't be Googled. It resides behind firewalls on private clouds. How do we automate intelligence [for these data sources]?,” IBM analytics general manager Rob Thomas postulated.
IBM wants to provide data scientists with the same types of machine learning capabilities in a mainframe environment that they are used to finding in the cloud. The goal is to automate the often monotonous work of creating, testing and deploying analytical models. The solution works with popular open source tools including languages like Scala, Java and Python, and machine learning frameworks like Apache SparkML, TensorFlow and H2O. It's also designed to work with virtually any data type the customer brings to the table.
What IBM is offering besides integrating the open source tools, the secret sauce if you will, is Cognitive Assist for Data Science from IBM Research. It helps choose the best algorithm for the data by checking it against a list of available algorithms and selecting the one that best meets the data scientist's needs, based on the model type and how fast he or she needs the results.
The process should get smarter over time as it ingests more data and sees how the algorithms behave against different data sources. “This allows data scientists to build a model and IBM Machine Learning technology will choose the best algorithm. It then builds a feedback loop because as more data comes in, the algorithm gets updated and gets smarter,” he said.
While the earliest forms of what we call artificial intelligence and machine learning were done on mainframes decades ago, Thomas says this set of tools allows companies running mainframes to take advantage of machine learning technologies in a much more cost-effective way, partly because of open source, and partly because of the algorithms IBM has built to do much of the manual work for them.
He also argues that processing this data in place on the mainframes using these tools is much more cost-effective and practical than it would be to move the same data to the cloud.
This capability will be available for mainframe customers later this quarter. IBM plans to bring machine learning to other data sources sitting inside data centers over time.
Featured Image: IBM
Updated at 6:45 p.m. ET
The Trump administration is considering alternative ways to pay for the border wall, backtracking on the president's oft-repeated promise that Mexico would foot the bill.
A White House spokesman said one idea taking shape is to apply a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico, as well as other countries with which the U.S. has a trade deficit. That would effectively saddle U.S. consumers with a significant portion of the wall's cost, estimated at $15 billion or more.
Trump's spokesman Sean Spicer did not offer details about how the import tax would work, but he said it could be adopted as part of comprehensive tax reform. After the idea sparked controversy, Spicer later walked back the idea, saying that "it could be a multitude of things." The tax could be 20 percent or 18 or 5, he said, adding that he wasn't trying to be "prescriptive."
Trump discussed the plan during a meeting in Philadelphia with congressional Republicans.
Even floating this idea amounts to a remarkable capitulation by the new president, who was insisting as late as Wednesday that Mexico would bear the cost of the border barrier.
Mexico's refusal has already created friction between the countries. Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto abruptly canceled a planned meeting with Trump next week, a decision that the U.S. president tried to explain as mutual.
Mexico is one of America's top trading partners, with more than $500 billion worth of goods flowing across the Southern border each year. Spicer argued that adding a 20 percent surcharge to imports from Mexico would quickly cover the cost of the wall.
"This is the beginning of this plan to make sure it's done right," Spicer told reporters traveling aboard Air Force One. "It clearly provides the funding and it does so in a way that ensures that the American taxpayer is wholly respected."
The suggestion drew a swift rebuke from at least one Republican senator, South Carolina's Lindsey Graham, who said it would be a bad idea to do anything that raises the price of Corona, tequila or margaritas. (Graham's family used to own a bar.)
House Speaker Paul Ryan's office contended the White House and Congress were on the "same page."
"We have been and continue to be on the same page about tax reform that supports American jobs and American goods," Ryan aide AshLee Strong told NPR's Susan Davis.
That's because Ryan has proposed a "border adjustment" tax that would affect the "corporate tax rates applied to goods and services consumed in the U.S. but not applied to goods and services exported," a Republican Capitol Hill source added.
The plan would allow corporations to subtract export sales when calculating their tax bill, but companies would not be allowed to deduct the cost of imports. Under the current tax code, export sales are taxed, and import costs are deductible.
If Trump is embracing Ryan's plan, it would be a reversal. Just 10 days ago, he told the Wall Street Journal that a "border adjustment tax" was "too complicated."
"Anytime I hear border adjustment, I don't love it," Trump said. "Because usually it means we're going to get adjusted into a bad deal. That's what happens."
Texas Republican Sen. John Cornyn said the plan raises questions.
Spicer brushed aside suggestions that much of the cost would be passed on to American consumers who purchase Mexican-made goods. He argued that cost would be outweighed by the reduction in illicit border crossings.
"What it's going to do is lift up the wages of American workers," Spicer said. "Right now we've got an influx of cheap labor. It's going to put the American consumer back, net-net, to make sure that American workers get lifted up as well."
Back in Washington, after the original comments, Spicer said, "I don't think our job right now is to roll something out and/or be prescriptive; it's to show that there are ways the wall can be paid for. Full stop."
He added that he was trying to address "questions about how the president could pay for the wall."
He said, "The idea is to show that generating revenue for the wall is not as difficult as some might have suggested." But "there's nothing to roll out, so the idea of asking for details on something, we're not there yet."
Spicer also suggested that building the border wall would produce savings elsewhere in the federal budget.
"I think we're going to save additional money that we would have had to spend on tracking down illegal immigrants and on immigration," Spicer said. "So it's actually a huge win for the American taxpayer and for American security when you look at the kind of plan that's coming to fruition right now."
Trump actually wants to increase spending on immigration enforcement. In addition to the wall, he has ordered the hiring of 15,000 new Border Patrol and immigration officers and the construction of new detention facilities.
Chancellor Philip Hammond will seek to reassure businesses they will still be able to get access to investment funding as Britain withdraws from the European Union.
In his annual Mansion House addresses to City leaders, Mr Hammond will say ministers are in discussion with the European Investment Bank (EIB) to ensure UK projects can access its funds during the remaining period of Britain's EU membership.
Current EIB lending to the UK is worth around 48 billion euros (£42 billion) and has supported projects such as new Intercity and London Underground trains and new tram networks in Manchester and Nottingham.
At the same time he will say that the UK's own financing schemes stand ready to provide additional support and certainty to investors.
The British Business Bank (BBB) will extend the limits of its venture capital investment programme to enable it to provide greater levels of investment into individual funds that would otherwise struggle to raise capital.
If necessary, Mr Hammond will say, he is ready to bring forward some of the £400 million in additional investment which he announced in last year's Autumn Statement.
The Treasury estimates that in the short-term, up to £80 million could be released, unlocking up to £320 million of total investment in the coming months.
Meanwhile, the UK Guarantee Scheme will offer new types of financial support to help complex projects to reduce the risk they face and to access private finance.
Mr Hammond will say: "Investors need certainty in order to continue to support the UK economy and create jobs as we leave the EU.
"That is why we will fortify the vital financial support that helps businesses to grow - from cutting edge start-ups right through to large scale infrastructure projects."
Anita Hill says Thomas, Weinstein part of arc toward justice
By SANDY COHEN, AP ENTERTAINMENT WRITER
BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA (AP) – Anita Hill told a room full of entertainment industry professionals that her 1991 testimony about Clarence Thomas and the flood of sexual harassment allegations surfacing now are part of “an arc that had been bending toward justice.”
Hill and National Women's Law Center President Fatima Goss Graves spoke to Hollywood actors and executives Friday about how to parlay the momentum generated by the Harvey Weinstein revelations into lasting social change.
Actresses Alyssa Milano and Frances Fisher and documentarian Kirby Dick were among the more than 100 guests who packed the theater at United Talent Agency for the discussion.
“It is because of Anita Hill that we can say, ‘This happened to me,'” Milano said. “Today we want women everywhere to know we are listening and the days of silence are over.”
Hill, who brought the concept of sexual harassment to national consciousness in 1991 when she testified during Thomas' Supreme Court confirmation hearings, said this “huge moment” of outspokenness and awareness needs legal and institutional follow-through to have a lasting impact.
“In many ways, it's unprecedented,” she said, “but it needs sustained energy.”
A key change now, Graves said, is that accusers are believed, rather than attacked and belittled the way Hill was in 1991.
“For the first time, when women told their stories, they weren't immediately dismissed, disregarded, ignored and doubted and shamed,” she said. “That brief window of not experiencing shame for coming forward, that made more women come forward.”
Hill said that after her 1991 testimony, she received scores of invitations to speak about sexual harassment and she thought she might spend a couple of years discussing the issue.
“Two years came and went, and we weren't done,” she said.
A professor of policy, law and women's studies at Brandeis University, Hill has devoted her career to fostering civil rights and social change, working steadily in hopes of a significant shift like this.
“I imagined this day would come — not from the point of view of 1991, but from the point of view of all of the things that have developed over the years to enable this day to come,” she told The Associated Press earlier Friday. “I include in that the surge of complaints that were filed after 1991, and as importantly, the stories people started to tell their friends and their loved ones about their own experiences, whereas a generation of us came into the workplace never having heard those stories… So I'm not entirely surprised that we got to this moment. I am impressed with the velocity of it.”
Graves said that after two months of renewed attention on sexual harassment, people are already asking her when it will end, which is why Hill supports the ongoing work of the National Women's Law Center.
“Because this is not a moment,” Hill said. “This is a period where we are going to have to continue and put into place some things to make sure we never go back and relive this again.”
The center launched a new legal network for gender equity in October, just before the Weinstein news came out. About 70 attorneys initially agreed to take on sex discrimination cases, Graves said. Now more than 200 attorneys belong to the network, and its intake of sexual harassment cases has quadrupled.
She said sexual harassment is a reflection of women's position in culture and society.
“This issue of harassment and violence is deeply intertwined with women's equality,” Graves said, adding that low-wage workers and women of color are among the most maligned and vulnerable.
Hill said the ouster of so many powerful men accused of predatory behavior helps dispel myths about who is a harasser. It might be the morning newscaster or beloved actor.
“It's not just the monsters,” she said. “It's people we otherwise admire, people we give awards to, people we vote into office and people who sometimes many of us mourn the loss of when they're held accountable. This is a moment where we are going to have to deal with all of those things.”
Despite Thomas' confirmation, Hill said she never gave up hope.
“I never believed 1991 was the end, and I was going to make sure in my life that I never saw that as the defining moment for me or for this issue,” she said. “That's how I lived with it, and that's how I've seen it for the last 26 years. And that's how I see this moment now: I'm fortunate to be alive to witness it.”
As for whether Republicans should ask Thomas to resign in light of Hill's allegations, as was suggested in a Washington Post op-ed this week, she suggests a broader perspective.
“I see a kind of resistance even acknowledging that this is a significant detriment to leadership in this country. And that's why I focus on the fact of not just what would Clarence Thomas do, but what are the leaders going to do in response to evidence of misconduct? How are they going to lead on this issue?” she told the AP. “I think it's a good idea, but I don't think it should begin and end with Clarence Thomas. I think the leadership on both sides of the aisle needs to step up today and show women in the world that equality does matter.”
New Philadelphia, Ohio — A northeast Ohio sheriff's office is auctioning off a nearly century-old machine gun to help pay for new weapons for deputies.
The Dover-New Philadelphia Times Reporter reports that an expert has estimated the Thompson Model 1921's value at $37,000.
The weapon was purchased by Tuscarawas County Sheriff Abe Laird in 1934. Sheriff's Office staff is unsure what the machine gun was originally used for. Lt. Brian Alford says the Thompson was a popular law enforcement weapon during Depression-era mine riots.
Alford says the weapon is nearly original and is cleaned several times a year. He says he was the last person to fire the weapon five years ago.
Sheriff Orvis Campbell expects the gun to fetch nearly $50,000 at a September auction.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w3NZRE
NEW DELHI—India's government says it has asked WhatsApp to take “immediate action” to prevent the social media platform from being misused to spread rumours and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks in the country. At least 20 people have been killed in mostly rural villages in several Indian states in attacks by mobs that had been inflamed by social media. Victims were accused in the viral messages of belonging to gangs trying to abduct children. The brutal attacks, which began in early May, have also left dozens of people injured.
Family members grieve by a portrait of Bala Krishna, a 33-year-old motorized rickshaw driver who was killed by a mob inflamed by social media in Jiyapalli village, outside his house at Korremula village, on the outskirts of Hyderabad, India. India's government asked WhatsApp to take immediate action to prevent the social media site from being misused to spread rumours and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks. ( Mahesh Kumar A. / The Associated Press file photo )
Although Indian authorities have clarified that there was no truth to the rumours and the targeted people were innocent, the deadly and brutal attacks, often captured on cellphones and shared on social media, have spread across the country. India's ministry of electronics and information technology said in a statement late Tuesday that the lynchings were tied to “irresponsible and explosive messages” circulated on WhatsApp. It wasn't specific on the preventative measures it expected to be taken by WhatsApp, which is owned by Facebook. “While the law and order machinery is taking steps to apprehend the culprits, the abuse of platforms like WhatsApp for repeated circulation of such provocative content are equally a matter of deep concern,” the ministry said.
Article Continued Below
The ministry said WhatsApp “cannot evade accountability and responsibility.” Read more: Fake news on WhatsApp is getting people killed in India “The government has also conveyed in no uncertain terms that WhatsApp must take immediate action to end this menace and ensure that their platform is not used for such malafide activities,” the statement said. “Deep disapproval of such developments has been conveyed to the senior management of the WhatsApp and they have been advised that necessary remedial measures should be taken to prevent proliferation of these fake and at times motivated/sensational messages.” WhatsApp said in a blog post that it would institute awards for research on “spread of misinformation” on its platform.
“We will seriously consider proposals from any social science and technological perspective that propose projects that enrich our understanding of the problem of misinformation on WhatsApp,” the post said. The Indian Express, an English-language daily newspaper, quoted a WhatsApp spokesman as saying, “The situation is a public health problem which will require solutions from outside the company as well, including the government.”
Article Continued Below
The official said that the “responsibility is beyond any one technology company” and “requires partners,” according to the paper. “I think it's up to the Indian government to decide what is the right mechanism to address the spate of killing that is occurring. It is going to have to be a collaboration,” the official said.
Read more about:
A MAN suffered serious burns during a house fire in Elland near Halifax area this morning.
He suffered 40 per cent burns and a woman suffered smoke inhalation during blaze in the attic of the house on Station Road, Holywell Green, Elland, just before 1am this morning.
West Yorkshire Fire Service said the blaze affected 50 per cent of the attic.
The man and the woman were taken to hospital by ambulance.
MENA holds an Ordinary and Extraordinary General meeting on July 22, 2018 (KSE) Date: 03 Jul 2018 MENA Real Estate Company holds an Ordinary and Extraordinary General meeting on July 22, 2018. Shareholders shall discuss recommendation not to distribute dividends for financial year ended on March 31, 2018 and reduce capital from KD 15,299,636 to KD 13,840,949. Reduction amount represents value of remaining shares unsubscribed by shareholders of Capital Holding Co. Articles of Incorporation and Company Statute shall be amended accordingly.
BLANHCESTER — Eighteen employees of Blanchester Local Schools were recently laid off, according to Superintendent Dean Lynch.
The Reduction In Force (R.I.F.) included 13 aides, two 3-hour cooks, one maintenance person, one teacher and a social worker.
“The reason for the reduction was financial,” Lynch told the News Journal. “The district had $300,000 in federal grants cut from its revenue, which was used to cover the cost of insurance for 16 employees.”
He said school district employees' retirement and benefits from fiscal year 2018 to fiscal year 2019 are expected to increase by $537,000.
“Prior to the lay-off we reduced staff through attrition, decrease building budgets, limited the number of supplemental contracts, and switched copier and trash vendors,” Lynch added.
https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_Blan-Letter.jpg
Kolkata: India's youngest European Tour title winner Shubhankar Sharma will join the likes of Jyoti Randhawa and SSP Chawrasia in a star-studded field for the Rs 1.5 crore PGTI year-ending championship starting here on December 21.
Shubhankar, who won the Joburg Open today, will also have Indian sponsor invites like Rashid Khan, Chiragh Kumar, Rahil Gangjee for company at the event.
Defending champion Pariya Junhasavasdikul may have pulled out pursuing a career in aviation, but the championship will see the biggest lot of foreign entries.
(Also read: Johannesburg: Shubhankar Sharma holds nerve to claim maiden tour win at Joburg Open)
Those who will be in action include Australia's Adam Blyth and Daniel Fox, Japan's Masahiro Kawamura and Singapore's Choo Tze-Huang. The quartet has six International titles among them.
Bangladesh's Mohammad Siddikur Rahman, a two-time winner on the Asian Tour and Japanese golfers Shotaro Wada and Yuwa Kosaihira will also compete for the biggest prize purse of the season.
The sixth edition of the meet will be a 72-hole stroke- play championship and there will be no cut applied after 36 holes.
All players will be guaranteed prize money. The Pro-Am event preceding the tournament will be played on December 19 and 20.
"We have had an extraordinary 2017 PGTI season with the likes of youngsters Udayan Mane, Honey Baisoya raising the bar and competing hard against the seasoned professionals such as Shamim Khan and Harendra Gupta," PGTI CEO Uttam Singh Mundy said.
Published:
Share This
President Muhammadu Buhari received President of the Republic of Namibia, H.E. Hage Gottfried Geingob at the State House, Abuja. 4 July 2018.
Due to acute shortage of water in the Capital Development Authority's (CDA) supply system for the last many weeks, the residents are facing severe problems. CDA water tanker supply is also pathetic as residents are compelled to buy private tanker to meet their requirement. A resident of Sector G-10, Kashif Ahmed said, “I have been residing in this sector for last many years but this time we have experienced acute water shortage and receive water supply after about 48 hours.” He was of the view that water is considered to be the basic amenity of life but “I think the civic body is not aware of this fact.” “ Another resident Sana Khan of Sector G-8 said, “Water through CDA's supply pipelines was not coming properly on time, even sometimes it comes at the evening for a short period of time and the flow of water was not up to the mark too.” The residents of federal capital said they are availing water through private water tankers on heavy payments.
They urged the authorities concerned to improve the water supply system in different sectors including I-9, I-10, G-7, G-8, G- 9, G-10, and G-11.
When contacted CDA Director of Water Management said the main reason of acute water shortage supply this year is due to less rainfall during current season.
“We were focusing on the maintenance work of water leakage from pipelines and repairing defective walls,” he said.
He said CDA has 33 water tankers out of which 20 were functional. Other side Water theft is on the rise in the capital city but the authorities seem little interested in providing relief to the residents even at the peak of the summer season.—APP
Related
GUELPH, Ont.—Canadian Solar Inc. revealed Monday it has received a non-binding takeover offer from its chairman, Shawn (Xiaohua) Qu, who is also CEO and president of the Ontario-based company.
Qu is tentatively offering $18.47 (U.S.) in cash for each share not already owned by him and his wife Hanbing Zhang, who have about 23.5 per cent of Canadian Solar's stock.
The indicated price is 7.1 per cent above Friday's closing price of $17.25 on Nasdaq, when Canadian Solar was worth about $1 billion.
Qu said in a Dec. 9 letter distributed on Monday that he intends to take Canadian Solar private, using a combination of debt from financial institutions, the equity owned by him and his wife, and potentially third-party equity sponsors.
“I am interested only in pursuing this transaction and am not interested in selling the common shares owned by the Chairman Parties in connection with any other transaction,” Qu said.
With Destination Medical Center expected to bring in thousands of new jobs and visitors to downtown Rochester during the next couple decades, city leaders are trying to figure out how people will get around town.
Rochester City Council got an update Monday from DMC representatives about a transportation study.
It found that there will be about 100,000 more vehicle trips in and out of the DMC district by 2040.
To handle all that traffic, DMC is planning for infrastructure upgrades, and incentives for people to use public transportation or bikes.
DMC is also hoping to establish a bus rapid transit system and more park and ride facilities throughout the area.
"With that kind of growth means use on roads and sidewalks and bridges and we want to avoid overuse," said Lisa Clarke, Executive Director of the DMC Economic Development Agency. "And we want to make sure we can provide some mode shifts so that people will be able to get from Point A to Point B in a reliable manner."
The council also heard an update on the design phase of "Discovery Walk," another DMC initiative.
It's the stretch of 2nd street SW that runs from the heart of downtown Rochester to Soldiers Field Park.
Developers plan to make it feel more pedestrian-friendly and a potential space for outdoor events.
Tim Hortons called the lawsuit “unfounded,” in a statement by its media relations team
The legal battle between a group of Tim Hortons franchisees and their parent company escalated Friday as the corporate-unsanctioned association filed a lawsuit alleging that Restaurant Brands International, its subsidiary and several executives continually subvert their right to associate.
The defendants have engaged in conduct that “seeks to interfere with, restrict, penalize, or threaten franchisees from exercising their rights to associate,” according to a lawsuit filed in an Ontario Superior Court of Justice on behalf of two franchisees who belong to the Great White North Franchisee Association. None of the claims have been proven in court.
Tim Hortons called the lawsuit “unfounded,” in a statement by its media relations team.
“We have always been clear that we will not interfere with our franchisees' right to associate and that remains true today,” it read, adding the lawsuit is the latest tactic of the group's “disregard for the brand and our restaurant owners.”
The GWNFA, which incorporated in March to raise franchisee concerns over the management of the brand, alleges the defendants systematically stymied their group.
The claim alleges this pattern includes the defendants denying future store opportunities to franchisees because they are “not aligned” with Tim Hortons's interest and setting aside a $2 billion fund to buy out franchisees who have joined the GWNFA or may do so in the future.
READ MORE: Burger King, Tim Hortons join forces to form world's 3rd largest fast food company
READ MORE: Fraser Valley Classic Car Show doubles down with Tim Hortons
“It is happening. We know it's happening,” said GWNFA president David Hughes, one of the lead plaintiffs.
He hopes the lawsuit, which is seeking about $850 million in damages from RBI and its subsidiary, will force the parent company to reconsider legal action it commenced late last month.
RBI subsidiary the TDL Group Corp. served default notices to all of the GWNFA's board members, including Hughes, on Sept. 18. The company accused them of providing confidential information to Tim Hortons former CEO Don Schroeder, who then allegedly gave it to a Canadian newspaper.
Schroeder and the GWNFA deny these claims, and the association included the legal action in its statement of claim as proof of the company's efforts to hamper its operations.
This is the group's second lawsuit against the company.
In June, a $500-million lawsuit filed on behalf of franchisee and GWNFA member Mark Kuziora alleged RBI improperly used money from a national advertising fund. The allegations have not been proven in court and RBI said at the time that it vehemently disagrees with and denies all the allegations.
The lawsuit is currently in the preliminary stages, said Hughes, and the GWNFA hopes it will move before a judge in early 2018.
While the two sides are now mostly communicating through lawyers, Hughes said the association is willing to sit down with executives and work out a fair deal for franchisees.
Until that deal is achieved, it doesn't appear Hughes will back down.
“I'm the guy that started. I'm the guy that's going to stand. If I'm the last man standing, so be it.”
Aleksandra Sagan, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
LAHORE, Jan 2 (APP): Director General Rangers Umar Farooq Burki on Monday inaugurated Azadi Museum at Wagah border Lahore.
Portraits of national heroes as well as pictures depicting different phases of the struggle for independence have been displayed at the museum constructed by the Rangers at a cost of Rs 7 million.
All sector commanders of Rangers in Punjab were present on the occasion.
Talking to media persons, Lahore Sector Commander Brig Asim said such a museum were necessary to show the next generation about the nation's struggle for independence and its heroes. Unique portraits of freedom movement leaders had been displayed in the museum, he added.
Howard Donald will shave his balls live on Instagram if England make it through to the semi finals of the World Cup in Russia this year.
The Take That singer has admitted he was shocked when he heard that the national football team had managed to wiggle their way through to the quarter finals after winning a penalty shootout - only the second time they've won a shootout at a major tournament since the Euro 1996 - against Colombia in Moscow last night (07.03.18).
England will now go up against Sweden this weekend and the 50-year-old singer has told his fans that he will expose his bits online if they manage to win the game.
Taking to his Twitter account this morning (07.04.18), he said: "Woke up at 6.30 today as I'm working on an exciting series for @Channel4
"Did we really win on penalties last night??????!! I really hope it does come home,if it do I will shave my balls live on @instagram Even if we get to the semis (sic)."
England fans were left sat on the edge of their seats during last night's nail-biting game after Harry Kane scored the first goal just minutes into the second half after Carlos Sanchez fouled the England captain during a free-kick.
England looked set to be sailing through the quarter finals of the World Cup as the game went to extra time but the players were left devastated when Colombia's Yerry Mina managed to score the equaliser two minutes from the whistle being blown.
However, Kane's team did the nation proud when they won the penalty shootout with 4-3 thanks to the captain, Marcus Rashford, Kieran Trippier and Eric Dier.
Mancia said the goal is for the book to feel like a "kitchen companion" with an empowering voice, one focused more on solid technique than a product sales pitch. Castle achieves this by providing engaging history and insights on dozens of dishes. She also offers informative breakouts that spotlight techniques or ingredients some home cooks may not be familiar with. You might need a restorative nip of cognac after reading her sensual take on the luxurious delights of 82 per cent butterfat French butter.
If you're looking for something special to make, Castle considers the boeuf bourguignon a true standout, though it's equally appropriate for formal or casual dining.
"It's one of those dishes people think of when they think about great French food," she says. "When it's made well, it's just astonishing."
While she wasn't responsible for testing any of the recipes, this was among the first recipes in the book Castle made for pleasure in her own kitchen.
"It's nice and homey, as it should be," she says. "And it's best made ahead, which makes it great for entertaining. There's nothing worse that a host who misses their own party because they're stuck in the kitchen."
A great dinner deserves a great dessert, and this book offers several tempting options. If you're not confident about trying a chocolate soufflé, Castle says the chocolate pots de creme are well within reach of most home cooks.
"They are intensely chocolatey but not overly sweet," says Castle. "Your own pot de creme can't be beat. People are charmed and touched by having their own individual serving."
—_—
BOEUF BOURGUIGNON
If you want to capture the heart and soul of simple French cooking in a single pot, then make boeuf bourguignon. The recipe is rooted in Burgundy, home to world-class red wines and also to the Charolais cattle that were once the preferred source of beef for this recipe. Leave it to the French to care about a signature dish so deeply that they have a favourite kind of cow to use in it.
For making boeuf bourguignon stateside, opt for high-quality and well-marbled chuck steak, an economical cut perfectly suited for a long, slow simmer in red wine that turns it tender and delicious, transforming this peasant dish into something elegant, filling, and sure to become a family favourite.
For the stew:
2 cups beef broth
10 ounces slab or thick-cut bacon, cut into lardons
3 to 3 1/2 pounds lean chuck steak, cut into 2-inch chunks
3 cups full-bodied, dry red Burgundy or pinot noir
3 garlic cloves, finely chopped
2 tablespoons tomato paste
2 medium carrots, cut into thin rounds
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper
1 bouquet garni
6 tablespoons unsalted butter
5 large shallots, thinly sliced
14 ounces gourmet mushroom blend, cut or torn into bite-sized pieces
For the Beurre Manie:
3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
Balsamic vinegar and chopped flat-leaf parsley (for garnish)
To make the stew: In a small saucepan over medium-high heat, simmer the beef stock until reduced to 1 cup, about 15 minutes. Set aside.
Place the bacon in an unheated Dutch oven, then cook over medium heat, stirring often, until rendered and crisp, about 20 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a paper towel-lined plate. Reserve the fat in the pot.
Increase the heat to medium-high. Working in batches, add the beef to the pot and cook until deeply seared and browned on all sides, turning with tongs, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a bowl and set aside. Deglaze the pot with 1 cup of the wine, stirring to loosen the fond from the bottom of the pot. Return the bacon and seared meat to the pot. Stir in the remaining wine, 1 cup at a time, letting it reduce slightly and stirring well after each addition.
Stir in the reserved beef broth, garlic, tomato paste, carrots, salt, pepper, and bouquet garni. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low. Cover and simmer gently until the meat is spoon tender, about 2 hours. Discard the bouquet garni.
In a medium skillet over medium heat, melt 3 tablespoons of the butter. Stir in the shallots and cook, stirring occasionally, until they are deeply caramelized, 15 to 20 minutes. Scrape into a bowl. Melt the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter in the same skillet and stir in the mushrooms. Cook, stirring often, until browned and tender, about 10 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat.
To make the beurre manie: In a small bowl, stir together the butter and flour to form thick paste. Roll into balls the size of marbles. Bring the stew to a low boil and whisk in the beurre manie balls one at a time. Continue to cook until the stew thickens slightly, about 2 minutes. Stir in the reserved shallots and mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper. Garnish each serving with a few drops of balsamic vinegar and a sprinkle of parsley.
Yield: Makes 8 to 10 servings.
Recipes reprinted by permission of Le Creuset from "Le Creuset: A Collection of Recipes from Our French Table."
GARLIC AND HERB GOUGERES
The airy cheese puffs known as gougeres make fantastic hors d'oeuvres. Served warm or at room temperature, they are often the first morsel delivered to the table in the restaurants and cafés of Burgundy. They start with pte a choux, the same dough used for cream puffs, eclairs, and profiteroles, but the dough for gougeres is infused with freshly grated Gruyere, rather than filled with pastry cream. They are a reliable make-ahead item to keep in your freezer. Freeze the uncooked gougeres right on the baking sheet after piping. When solid, transfer them into a freezer bag. There's no need to thaw them before baking. Just pop them back onto a pan and bake as directed, adding 1 to 2 additional minutes in the oven.
1/2 cup water
1/2 cup whole milk
10 tablespoons unsalted butter
1 cup all-purpose flour
4 large eggs
1 cup freshly grated Gruyere cheese
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme
1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary
1 garlic clove, finely chopped
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
In a medium saucepan, bring the water, milk and butter to a boil, stirring occasionally to melt the butter. Add the flour and stir vigorously until the mixture is smooth and thick. Continue cooking, stirring constantly, until the dough pulls away from the sides of the pan, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl and let stand until the dough no longer steams and is warm to the touch, 3 to 5 minutes.
Add the eggs, one at a time, stirring vigorously until well blended after each addition. Stir in the cheese, thyme, rosemary, garlic, salt, pepper and nutmeg.
Place the dough in a pastry bag fitted with a 1-inch tip. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone mat and pipe mounds the size of walnuts onto the prepared sheet, spacing them 2 inches apart. (Alternatively, pipe the dough from a sturdy freezer bag with one corner snipped away or portion it with a 1/2-ounce ice cream scoop or two spoons. Use a dampened fingertip to pat down any dimples on top of the mounds.)
Bake until puffed and golden brown, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.
Yield: Makes 2 dozen.
Recipes reprinted by permission of Le Creuset from "Le Creuset: A Collection of Recipes from Our French Table."
CHOCOLATE POTS DE CREME
There is nothing plain about simple desserts made perfectly, such as these cups of silky dark chocolate custard. The French regard chocolate with reverence and respect, so be sure to use high-quality chocolate. For this version, pinches of salt and fiery cayenne pepper in the toasted almond topping add a contemporary touch to a classic dessert.
For the custard:
1 1/2 cups heavy cream
1 cup whole milk
5 ounces bittersweet chocolate (70 per cent cacao), chopped
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
Pinch of kosher salt
6 large egg yolks
1/3 cup sugar
For the spiced almonds:
1/2 cup raw slivered almonds
1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted
Pinch of kosher salt
Pinch of cayenne pepper
Lightly sweetened whipped cream (for garnish)
Fresh chopped mint (for garnish)
To make the custards: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. The custards will bake in a hot water bath, so arrange six 6-ounce ramekins in a roasting pan or large baking dish that is at least 2 inches deep.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, bring the cream and milk to a simmer. Remove the pan from the heat, add the chocolate, and let stand until the chocolate begins to soften. Whisk until melted and smooth, then whisk in the vanilla and salt.
In a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar. Whisking constantly, add the warm cream mixture in a slow, steady stream. Strain the mixture through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl. Let stand 10 minutes, then skim any foam from the surface.
Evenly divide the custard among the ramekins. Pour enough hot tap water into the roasting pan to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake until the custards are set, but the centers still jiggle slightly when shaken gently, about 40 minutes. Remove the ramekins from the water bath and refrigerate until chilled, about 3 hours.
For the almonds: In a dry, heavy skillet over medium heat, toast the almonds, stirring frequently, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate, drizzle with the butter, sprinkle with the salt and cayenne, and toss to coat. Let cool, and then chop coarsely.
Just before serving, garnish the custards with whipped cream, spiced almonds and mint.
Yield: 6 servings
The News & Observer (Raleigh, N.C.)
Views from Srinagar
Bilal Bashir Bhat
EXCESSIVE military presence in public spaces, a rigid approach adopted by the ruling power in India and, most importantly, the grave human rights violations in the aftermath of the death of militant commander Burhan Muzaffar Wani have increased home-grown militancy and radicalization among the Kashmiri population. Educated youth having picked up arms to fight for a cause, lack genuine training and are these days giving a tough time to the highly equipped government forces. Although, the situation exhibits that the current situation in Kashmir is similar to an armed struggle, it can never be compared to the insurgency of the 90s. The popular local support, the seed sown by Burhan Wani and the unrest after his death have motivated the educated youth towards militancy.
They feel that the government of India does not care about their pain and suffering due to the lingering Kashmir issue. In such circumstances, declaring militancy because of lack of economic opportunities and frustration due to high unemployment is contradictory to their demands.
Before the 2016 unrest, the Indian army under the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) used to cordon off the whole area or village for an encounter with armed militants. After Burhan Wani's killing, the whole scenario has changed. Now, the local populace come out on the streets during search operations and start throwing stones to help the militants escape. Many civilians have lost their lives and a large number of people have been injured. With such obstructions the army has, on several occasions, called off the search operations.
Recently, armed personnel of the 55 Rashtriya Rifles (a Special Operation Group of Jammu & Kashmir Police from Pulwama and Newa) cordoned off Urivan village after a tip-off that two Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) militants were hiding there. When the government forces started a combing operation, the local population attacked the army and SOG personnel with stones, thus, forcing the men in uniforms to vacate the site. The armed forces in Kashmir are now taking stern steps to deal with the people who help militants. They have been directed to use only rifles and drop their batons. This direction has come after General Bipin Rawat issued warnings of harsh action against those who help militants escape.
The army has also tried the use of soft measures like using smoke cover to prevent locals from obstructing operations but this has not yielded much result, forcing them to consider using harsher methods.
The state government has now decided to impose strict restrictions within a radius of three km from the site of any counter-insurgency operation in Kashmir.
On the other hand, students in the Valley's educational institutes, including those at Kashmir University, are now openly cautioning the government to end oppression and suppression of the people of Kashmir otherwise they will be left with no choice but to pick up guns. Recently, despite the ban on students' politics, there was a protest march inside the campus of Kashmir University expressing solidarity with the families of militants and civilians killed in an encounter in Kulgam South Kashmir. Shouting pro-azadi (freedom) and anti-India slogans, the protesting students carried banners reading, “End Occupation, Free Kashmir”.
Nowadays, informers have become a new headache for the army units in Kashmir. Twice in the past fortnight, the army's local informers in the Valley double-crossed them and gave a red herring to the units involved in operations, leading them into the militants' trap.
Undoubtedly, there is much support to the militants in Kashmir by the local people, but the fact is that youngsters mostly get killed within a period of a month or two after joining militancy. Every encounter ends on a bitter note. Sometimes, civilians also fall to the bullets from the forces. Militant, innocent, policeman or even army at the end of the day, is made up by humans who lose their precious lives.
—Courtesy: Only Kashmir
[The veteran writer is Chief Editor Daily ‘Only Kashmir' Srinagar]
Tigers pitcher Jordan Zimmermann will try to string together his third straight strong start when he faces the Arizona Diamondbacks on Wednesday night at Comerica Park. (Photo: Robin Buckson, Detroit News)
The Tigers will turn to Jordan Zimmermann to try to help them snap out of their most recent funk.
Zimmermann takes the mound Wednesday night as the Tigers play host to the Arizona Diamondbacks in the finale of a two-game series at Comerica Park. First pitch is at 7:10 p.m.
The Tigers have lost five of their last seven.
Zimmermann's numbers on the season remain ugly — 5.72 ERA, 1.55 WHIP, and opponents are hitting .305 off of him — but things appear to be looking up for the right-hander. In his two June starts, Zimmermann has allowed just three earned runs in 12 innings (2.25 ERA). The Tigers have split those games.
The Tigers face Diamondbacks right-hander Taijuan Walker, making his first start since a stint on the disabled list because of a blister that formed in mid-May. Walker is 4-3 with a 3.46 ERA.
DIAMONDBACKS AT TIGERS
First pitch: 7:10 p.m. Wednesday, Comerica Park, Detroit
TV/radio: Fox Sports Detroit/97.1 FM
Records: The Tigers are 30-33, third place in the American League Central Division, four games behind the Minnesota Twins. The Diamondbacks are 40-26, third place in the National League West, half-game behind the Los Angeles Dodgers.
DIAMONDBACKS LINEUP
1. Gregor Blanco, CF
2. David Peralta, DH
3. Paul Goldschmidt, 1B
4. Jake Lamb, 3B
5. Chris Owings, RF
6. Brandon Drury, 2B
7. Chris Herrmann, LF
8. Chris Iannetta, C
9. Nick Ahmed, SS
SP: Taijuan Walker, RHP
TIGERS LINEUP
1. Ian Kinsler, 2B
2. Alex Avila, C
3. Miguel Cabrera, 1B
4. Victor Martinez, DH
5. J.D. Martinez, RF
6. Justin Upton, LF
7. Nick Castellanos, 3B
8. Andrew Romine, CF
9. Jose Iglesias, SS
SP: Jordan Zimmermann, RHP
MORE COVERAGE
Tigers' rally wiped out by ninth-inning home run
K-Rod vents over prolonged mop-up relief role
Tigers tap more pitching on Day 3 of MLB draft
Microsoft today announced the launch of two new Azure regions in Australia. These two new regions will complement Microsoft's existing two regions on the continent and bring the total number of global Azure regions to 42. The plan is for these new regions to go online in the first half of 2018.
Microsoft specifically notes that these two new regions will be certified to run both unclassified and protected government workloads (“protected” being the first level of national security classified information in Australia). To do this, the company is partnering with Canberra Data Centers, a company that specializes in running data centers that host secure government data. Microsoft's current regions are also certified for machine learning, IoT, cybersecurity and data management workloads by the Australian Signals Directorate, the country's signals intelligence agency.
A number of Microsoft's competitors in the cloud computing space are also currently eyeing the Australian market for their data center expansions. IBM and Google recently opened their Sydney regions, for example, though it's worth noting that AWS has had a presence on the continent since 2012. Australia is also getting better connections to the rest of the world, thanks to a number of new subsea cables, including the Google-backed INDIGO cable,
Featured Image: Tier Und Naturfotografie J und C Sohns/Getty Images
Big news outlets stupidly sold their soul to Facebook. Desperate for the referral traffic Facebook dangled, they spent the past few years jumping through its hoops only to be cut out of the equation. Instead of developing an owned audience of homepage visitors and newsletter subscribers, they let Facebook brainwash readers into thinking it was their source of information.
Now Facebook is pushing into local news, but publishers should be wary of making the same crooked deal. It might provide more exposure and traffic for smaller outlets today, but it could teach users they only need to visit Facebook for local news in the future. Here's how Facebook retrained us over the past 12 years to drain the dollars out of news.
Users first is Facebook first later
To be clear, Facebook's intention, that I believe to be earnest, is to foster stronger ties between its users and their communities to boost well-being. But that doesn't mean ripple effects are positive. The critical lens through which to view all of Facebook's strategy is that in the short term it puts users first, itself second and everyone else a distant, distant third. That includes developers, advertisers and definitely news publishers.
This strategy is actually self-serving in the long term, though, because Facebook only continues to dominate because its users don't leave. Back in 2010, Facebook decimated the virality of game developers like Zynga, which made lots of money because their News Feed spam threatened to push people away from the social network. That short-term hit to the bottom line paved the way for the depth of engagement that fuels quarters where Facebook earns $4 billion today.
This explains CEO Mark Zuckerberg's recent announcement that Facebook would make changes to enhance well-being even if it decreased time spent on the site or its ad revenue. Those consequences may be true in the short term. But it's a shrewd tactic when you zoom out. Left unchecked, the “Time Well Spent” movement could metastasize into a “Time to leave Facebook” movement. Better to trade away a few minutes per day per user now to keep those users for years to come.
Retraining newsreaders
When Facebook started, there was no feed. You browsed from profile to check up on friends. News Feed's launch in 2006 retrained users to just go to the Facebook home page where everything would come to you. Brands followed, investing to build an audience through Facebook's churning stream of content.
As Facebook's users shifted from PCs and Macs to Androids and iPhones, the company struck upon an enduring format for mobile. Desktop computers had big enough screens to accomodate multiple windows, and switching between browser tabs was quick, allowing users to easily hop between different sites. But on mobile with tiny screens, low quality app, poor connections, slow-loading sites, people seized upon Facebook's single app that pulled together content from everywhere. Facebook began to train us to keep scrolling rather than struggle to bounce around.
In 2011, when Facebook first took notice of Twitter, it launched its public figure Subscribe feature and news links gained more visibility in the feed. By 2014, “Facebook the big news machine” was in full swing with Trending, hashtags and news outlets pouring resources into growing their Pages. Emphasizing the “news” in News Feed retrained users to wait for the big world-changing headlines to come to them rather than crisscrossing the home pages of various publishers. Many don't even click-through, getting the gist of the news just from the headline and preview blurb. Advertisers followed the eyeballs, moving their spend from the publisher sites to Facebook.
In 2015, Facebook realized users hated waiting for slow mobile websites to load, so it launched Instant Articles to host publisher content within its own app. Instant Articles trained users not to even visit news sites when they clicked their links, instead only having the patience for a fast-loading native page stripped of the publisher's identity and many of their recirculation and monetization opportunities. Advertisers followed, as publishers allowed Facebook to sell the ads on Instant Articles for them and thereby surrendered their advertiser relationships at the same time as their reader relationships.
This is how Facebook turns publishers into ghostwriters, a problem I blew the whistle on in 2015. Publishers are pitted against each other as they make interchangeable “dumb content” for Facebook's “smart pipes.”
Publishers wisely began pushing back, demanding more layout and monetization flexibility, and many abandoned the platform in favor of Google's less prescriptive AMP platform for fast-loading mobile pages. In fact, 38 of 72 Instant Articles launch partner publications including the New York Times and Washington Post have ditched the Facebook controlled format according to a study by Columbia Journalism Review.
Still, publishers have few major sources of traffic outside of Facebook and Google Search. With the death of Google Reader and Twitter's move to an algorithmic feed, there's still no at-scale, unfiltered place to share or follow news.
Meanwhile, Facebook's only goal remains to provide value to users, and when it comes to content, it doesn't really care which publisher provides it as long as it's high-quality.
Siphoning resources to the center
Again and again, Facebook has centralized attention typically spread across the web. A few years back I wrote about “20 New Ways Facebook Is Eating The Internet,” and its appetite has only grown. It's trying to do the same with Watch (YouTube), Marketplace (Craigslist and eBay) and many other features. It's a smart plan that ends up arguably improving the experience for individual users — or at least offering new options while making Facebook more essential and much richer.
The problem is that for society as a whole, this leads to a demonetization and eventual defunding of some news publishers, content creators and utility providers while simultaneously making them heavily reliant on Facebook. This gives Facebook the power to decide what types of content, what topics, and what sources are important. Even if Facebook believes itself to be a neutral tech platform, it implicitly plays the role of media company as its values define the feed. Having a single editor's fallible algorithms determine the news consumption of the wired world is a precarious situation.
The business side is just as troubling. As Ben Thompson of Stratechery has described, advertisers are abandoning news sites and aggregating to Facebook where they can more efficiently target their exact customers, where they go every day. Why advertise on an intermediary news site when businesses can go straight to well of attention. Without the massive scale and adtech, individual publishers can't compete for dollars.
But if they resist working with Facebook and providing their content there, another publisher will happily bring the same stories to the social network in return for the short-term traffic boost. There's always someone else willing to offer up dumb content to the smart pipe.
Steamrolled by strategy change
And the real problem only manifests when Facebook shifts directions. Its comes to the conclusion that users want to see more video, so the format gets more visibility in the News Feed. Soon, publishers scramble to pivot to video, hiring teams and buying expensive equipment so they can blast the content on Facebook rather than thinking about their loyal site visitors. But then Facebook decides too much passive video is bad for you or isn't interesting, so its News Feed visibility is curtailed, and publishers have wasted their resources and time chasing a white rabbit… or, in this case, a blue one.
This happened to Page tab apps like musician profile provider BandPage, which was the No. 2 app on Facebook until Facebook banned default landing tabs. The startup lost 90 percent of its traffic after wasting years chasing Facebook's changes, and eventually sold for $8 million after raising $27 million. Open Graph newsreader apps met the same fate, built by publishers to meet the opportunity of Facebook's short-lived Ticker and “Josh read [clickbait article] on Washington Post Social Reader” stories.
Publishers are currently caught amidst of another massive Facebook strategy change. It's now striving to offset Russian election interference, fake news for profit, allegations of political bias, polarized society, the explosion of viral video, the absence of friends, and fears that too much scrolling hurts our well-being. That's led to Facebook proclaiming it will remove 20% of news from the News Feed as it prioritizes content that's not just meaningful, but stimulates meaningful interactions between users.
On this week's Q4 2017 earnings call, Zuckerberg said Facebook had already tweaked its algorithm to show fewer viral videos and optimize well-being. The result was a 50 million hours per day reduction in Facebook use, which translates to 2.14 minutes per daily user, or 5 percent of total time spent on Facebook. The company was willing to go so far as to make changes that led to its slowest ever user growth rate, and its first decline in total users anywhere as the U.S. & Canada region actually lost 700,000 Facebookers.
Yet it's the video makers and news publishers who will pay for this pivot of purpose. Facebook's revenue still reached a record $12.97 billion, and investors still boosted its share price higher. In fact, Facebook could actually earn money or at least break even from the “Time Well Spent” changes.
By decreasing total time spent but raising the quality of content people see, Facebook ends up with fewer total ad impressions but higher engagement rates as people are retrained to skip less of what they see. Advertisers still eager to reach its massive audience will compete in Facebook's ad auctions, paying higher prices. Facebook has the cash reserves and momentum to weather the short-term monetization drop in exchange for a healthier long-term future. Content creators are left trying to make ends meet.
Stay the course
And now local news site are facing the start of this dangerous cycle. Facebook says it will show more local news in the News Feed. It's testing a “Today in” local news digest in several cities. It's prioritizing content people discuss instead of passively consume. And Facebook is pushing its new mission to rebuild communities and Bring the World Closer Together that aligns with local news.
Sounds great, right? There's no doubt there's an opportunity here for local news outlets. But the key to keeping their boats afloat is not completely changing course to follow Facebook's siren call. Whether or not you think the company is purposefully trying to destroy the industries it invades or just modernize them to benefit users, publishers must meet Facebook with skepticism.
Facebook's next retraining appears to be that it's the best place to get local news, not your local newspaper or blog. It might happily display all the headlines with little encouragement for readers to click through, as it does with Today On. It might make images and videos load faster than they do on local sites. And they might bundle local news with Facebook Events and reviews of nearby places using personalization local sites can't match.
That might be good for the reader, and thereby for Facebook long term, but it's dangerous for the publishers. Facebook doesn't even have to purposefully poach advertisers from local sites, they'll just flow to it naturally as it becomes the local news destination.
They should still focus on turning occasional readers into repeat homepage visitors that bookmark the site and return frequently. They should track analytics about what kinds of stories those loyalists want, rather than the ones that might drive occasional traffic spikes of fly-by readers. They should invest in developing their own ad technology or partnering with more neutral third-party providers. And they should keep pushing email newsletter, event and subscription signups.
That's because there's no telling when Facebook's strategy around what users want or how to give it to them will change. Again, Facebook wants users to be informed and entertained, but it doesn't necessarily care how or by whom. And let's not forget that Facebook is quietly building up its Marketplace peer-to-peer selling feature in another part of its app to be the ultimate replacement for the classified ads that used to keep local news sites afloat.
Unfortunately, big, well-funded publishers staffed with true tech talent haven't been able to gracefully navigate the constantly changing playing field set by Facebook. So what hope to do smaller outlets without the technological or strategic prowess hope to have?
In Zuckerberg's hometown of Dobbs Ferry, NY, there's a beloved newspaper called The Rivertowns Enterprise. It's a destination for those seeking local news, with a loyal following for both its website and its weekly print edition, which many who grew up there get delivered to their homes around the country. Visit its site and you'll stumble across a variety of stories about city politics, high school sports and Main Street businesses that also advertise there.
But as Facebook turns its eyes toward local news as an answer to larger problems with well-being, false information and polarized communities, it also poses a threat to The Rivertowns Enterprise and outlets like it. The inevitable march of technological progress was merely accelerated by the dominant social network. But for now those publishers' best bet is to take a page from Facebook if they're going to survive: Put your own readers and your long-term viability first instead of gambling on short-lived favors.
CLAIM
An 'illegal immigrant' was convicted of voter fraud for voting multiple times for Hillary Clinton.
MOSTLY FALSE
RATING
MOSTLY FALSE
WHAT'S TRUE
Rosa Ortega was sentenced to 8 years in prison for voting illegally since she is a U.S. permanent resident and not a citizen.
WHAT'S FALSE
She did not "brag about voting 5 times for Hillary"; she actually voted for Republican candidates in 2012 and 2014.
ORIGIN
On 11 August 2017 the web site Conservative Fighters published a story attempting to link a woman convicted of voting illegally with 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton:
The headline read:
Arrogant Illegal Brags About Voting 5 Times For Hillary Sees the Judge – Her Sentence Is Devastating!
The story describes 37-year-old Rosa Maria Ortega as a “Mexican national and illegal alien.” In fact, Ortega is a permanent U.S. resident, meaning that she had the legal right to live and work in the country prior to being convicted of voting illegally on 8 February 2017. Ortega, who was brought into the U.S. as a child, will reportedly be deported to Mexico after serving eight years in prison.
The story itself makes no mention of Clinton — probably because the case against Ortega does not involve the 2016 election. According to her attorney Clark Birdsall, when Ortega did vote, she actually chose conservative candidates:
She voted for Mitt Romney over Barack Obama in the 2012 election. In 2014 she voted for our current [Texas] attorney general, Ken Paxton. And guess what? He's the one responsible for prosecuting her.
Moreover, Ortega did not “vote 5 times” in a single election; she reportedly voted five times since 2004, but only voted once during each election. Ortega claimed in court that she was confused by voter registration forms and thought that she had the right to vote.
Conservatives have repeatedly claimed that millions of undocumented immigrants voted illegally in past U.S. elections. However, those claims either lack evidence or are demonstrably false.
Meghan Markle is trying her best to blend into the royal family. However, she failed to keep everyone happy, especially Prince Charles' friend Nicky Haslam. Old Etonian interior designer slammed the newlywed royal, criticised her wedding dress, her father Thomas Markle and had many other harsh words for the Duchess of Sussex.
In an interview with Daily Mail, Haslam called Markle's family "frightfully common". He felt Meghan's wedding gown "was made of concrete" and described Thomas as a "huge lump."
"They're frightfully common. It would have been awful if that huge lump [Meghan's father] had been there. The royals probably don't quite know how to deal with them," he said. But he did feel that Meghan's mother was special. Cutting Doria Ragland some slack, he said, "One person who wasn't common was her mother."
Meghan walked the aisle in a Givenchy bridal gown worth £200,000. While many found it beautiful, Haslam was least impressed. He said, "I didn't very much like her dress — it didn't fit, among other things. It should have been made of thinner stuff, it seemed to be made of concrete," he added.
Although Haslam's words are not so kind, he isn't the only one who has kept Thomas away from his good books. After Meghan's father dissed the Queen for meeting Donald Trump before she met Thomas, the royals are furious as well.
"Thomas is walking a fine line... This blabbing needs to stop if he wants to maintain any relationship with Harry and Meghan. The proper thing to do would have been to let Meghan and Kensington Place know he was giving an interview," the source told Us Weekly.
"Meghan hasn't spoken to Thomas since the day after her wedding," the source added. Meanwhile, another source claims that Thomas doesn't want attention, he just wants the best for his daughter.
"Thomas adores his daughter and swears he never wanted attention from the interviews. All he's ever cared about is protecting Meghan. He wants the royals to stand by his side, but of course, so far they haven't," the insider claims.
NEW HAVEN, Ind. (WOWO): Kroger officials held a ribbon cutting Friday to officially complete $3.2-million worth of remodeling work on the company's grocery store in New Haven.
The store, located at 821 Lincoln Highway, includes a variety of upgrades. New produce cases, a new floral section, room for more products in the dairy, and a brand-new meat and seafood section are among the enhancements, including a new design for the checkout lanes that the company says should reduce customer wait times.
“Such investments represent Kroger's determination to do more than put food on the table,” says Central Division President Pam Matthews. “We want to make life a little easier and a little brighter for our customers. One way we do that is by making it even easier to enjoy Kroger quality, selection and value.”
Before the ribbon cutting, Kroger made a series of check presentations. Community Harvest Food Bank, New Haven Food Bank, and St. James Lutheran Food Bank accepted donations.
The contributions, totaling $31,050, are an extension of Kroger's “Zero Hunger | Zero Waste” mission. The goal of the campaign is to end hunger in Kroger communities by 2025.
Kroger also donated $500 to the New Haven Fire Department and $500 to the New Haven Police Department.
Last year Blizzard made what I felt was a huge mistake in scrapping the Battle.net brand, which gamers have associated with properties like StarCraft and Diablo for decades. The company has now reversed that decision, in what can only be a humble acknowledgment of my wisdom in these matters.
“The technology was never going away, but after giving the branding change further consideration and also hearing your feedback, we're in agreement that the name should stay as well,” the company wrote today in a blog post.
The reasoning in 2016 was that there was “occasional confusion and inefficiencies” from Blizzard, the game development company, and Battle.net, the game launcher and matchmaking service, having different names.
I'm pretty sure that wasn't actually a problem then, and I don't think there's one now. But probably to throw a bone to the marketing manager who suggested this ill-advised course of action in the first place, the service will now be known as “Blizzard Battle.net.”
Zug zug, but we'll all still just call it Battle.net. Hopefully forever.
NATIONAL
South Korea's new labor minister promised Monday to improve working conditions and treatment for non-regular workers by removing discriminative measures and setting up fair principles in the employment system.
"The ministry will work to minimize non-regular jobs that are insecure and make sure the positions in the public sector that deal with the safety of our people are full-time based," Minister of Employment and Labor Kim Young-joo said in an inauguration speech released by the ministry.
The first female labor minister was officially appointed by President Moon Jae-in earlier in the day, about two weeks after Moon's nomination last month.
Labor minister Kim Young-joo delivers a speech during her inauguration ceremony in Seoul on Aug. 14, 2017. (Yonhap)
The basketball player-turned-activist is a three-term lawmaker who spent most of her political career focusing on gender equality in employment and workplaces.On her first day at office, Kim vowed to bring a better system for non-regular workers including temp positions and contracted workers."I will ensure there is no discrimination against some 6 million non-regular workers who have been mistreated and feel insecure about their jobs."One of her achievements includes the adoption of a revised bill that requires companies to reveal information about chemicals they import, manufacture and transfer. It came after a deadly humidifier disinfectant killed some 70 people who used the product to clean up the household appliance."The ministry will disclose the data related to safety and sanitation to prevent the recurrence of another tragedy like the humidifier incident."Spurning concerns that her policies will only work in favor of the labor sector, she stressed that she will take a balanced and fair approach in carrying out initiatives.She also asked her officials "not to be afraid of breaking the mold" and find the best way to improve rights and interests of laborers, the ministry said. (Yonhap)
Unmarked Israeli warplanes and helicopters have carried out dozens of covert attacks against the Islamic State and other terrorist groups inside the Egyptian Sinai in recent years, said two former senior U.S. officials. The airstrikes by Israeli planes are conducted with the support of President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, who has led an often brutal campaign inside Egypt to wipe out the jihadist groups but has struggled to defeat them. In November, the Egyptian affiliate of the Islamic State launched a brazen attack in which nearly 40 gunmen stormed the al-Rawdah mosque in Egypt's sparsely populated Sinai, killing more than 300 worshippers. The terrorist group, which consists of more than 1,000 members, first came to widespread public attention for its suspected role in the downing of a Russian airliner in 2015, in which 224 people were killed. Egypt's military has struggled for years to destroy the group, which briefly seized control of the northern Sinai town of Sheikh Zuweid and has launched dozens of attacks on soldiers, police and Coptic Christian churches. The covert alliance between Egypt and Israel on counterterrorism shows how the rise of the Islamic State and other jihadist groups have helped forge quiet partnerships between Israel and its longtime Arab adversaries.
Article Continued Below
Israeli security officials say that their regional security concerns increasingly align with those of the Persian Gulf states. In 2016, Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon said Israeli officials were secretly meeting with counterparts from the gulf in “closed rooms” united against a common “bad guy” — Iran. A former U.S. official described the covert counterterrorism alliance between Israel and Egypt as a “big deal” but said that in recent years, counterterrorism relationships have become “a little bit insulated from ups and downs” of the region's tumultuous politics. “The public perception of those two countries and how they relate is not in sync with how they work together privately on counterterrorism,” said the former official, who was granted anonymity to discuss the sensitive alliance.
The Israeli counterterrorism strikes in northern Sinai were first reported by the New York Times. An Israeli military spokesperson declined to comment on the alliance or confirm the existence of Israeli military operations inside Egypt. Although there was an awareness of the strikes within the U.S. government, the former official said, the United States did not play a significant co-ordinating or supporting role. The official described the co-operation between Egypt and Israel as “organic.” The Israeli aircraft operating in Egypt are unmarked and fly circuitous routes so it does not appear as if they are flying from Israel, reflecting the sensitivity of the program, according to the Times' report. On Twitter, Israeli journalists hinted that they had been unable to report the story because of censorship restrictions. Israeli journalists are required to submit articles related to matters of national security to a military censor before publication, with regulation also covering social media posts. Egypt, Israel and Hamas broadly began to tighten security co-operation two years ago, forming an unlikely alliance as the Islamic State's offshoot in Sinai began to stage more sophisticated, sustained attacks. Under pressure from Egypt, Hamas has tightened its border with Sinai amid concerns in Cairo that Gaza could be used by Islamic State members as a staging ground. The Islamic State has lost much of its self-declared caliphate in Iraq and Syria over the past three years but remains a threat. Some U.S. counterterrorism experts warn that the group could step up terrorist attacks to prove its relevance, despite the collapse of its armies in Iraq and the loss of Raqqa, its capital in Syria. U.S. officials have been carefully monitoring some of the group's more significant affiliates, such the branch in Sinai, to see how they may be affected by the broader collapse of the core group. Read more: Jewish Canadians urge Israel to back off plan to deport African refugees
Read more about:
About A Woman's Place Is In The Resistance Articles: 187 Seeds: 4899 Comments: 72066 Since: Jan 2009
Expressing Our Gratitude for the Grasshopper Café
Dear Editor:
As the summer comes to a close and as we prepare for the year ahead we can't help but reflect on the success stories from our last school year. The Harvard Kent School and the Eliot K-8 Innovation Schools worked hard to promote the social and emotional development of our students, and supported the growth of our children holistically. With the goal of promoting good citizenship and celebrating student success we have developed a powerful partnership with the Grasshopper Café. Each month both school communities gather together as a “Breakfast Club” to celebrate the students who have embodied their school's guiding principles and been role models in the community. Together, students shared delicious pancakes, good conversation and practiced their table manners. These celebrations couldn't take place without all of the support and hospitality from our powerful partners at the Grasshopper Café. We are so thankful for Lynn and Kevin Smith and all of the wonderful staff at the restaurant. Our students are looking forward to the opportunity to join the Breakfast Club this year and especially the chance to eat the BEST pancakes in Boston!
Principal of the Eliot School- Traci Walker Griffith
Principal of the Harvard Kent Jason Gallagher
Free agent defenseman Will Butcher will have a number of NHL teams looking to sign him. (Photo: Jonathan Daniel, Getty Images)
Detroit — The hockey world will likely hear a lot about defenseman Will Butcher this week.
Butcher becomes an unrestricted free agent today after not signing a contract with the Colorado Avalanche (2013, fifth-round draft pick).
And the Red Wings, despite a crowded roster and salary cap problems galore, are hoping to snare
the young defenseman.
Butcher, 23, progressed through his college year to the point he was last season's Hobey Baker Award winner (hockey's Heisman Trophy) while playing with University of Denver.
Butcher had 7 goals and 30 assists (37 points) in 43 games with a plus-27 plus-minus-rating.
Definitely on the smallish side, (5-foot-10, 186 pounds), which gives some scouts pause, Butcher is still regarded as a responsible two-way defenseman who also has outstanding leadership qualities.
There's speculation Butcher wanted to turn pro after his junior season, but the Avalanche didn't feel Butcher was ready, leading to bad feelings on the players' side.
Butcher will have plenty of teams calling him beginning today, likely with better opportunities than what the Red Wings can offer.
Two-time defending Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh, Chicago and Minnesota (both close to home for the Wisconsin native), Buffalo, Toronto and New Jersey have been linked to Butcher, and in most cases, can offer immediate playing time.
The Red Wings
have eight defensemen on the roster (Trevor Daley, Danny DeKeyser, Jonathan Ericsson, Mike Green, Nick Jensen, Niklas Kronwall, Xavier Ouellet, Ryan Sproul) and are
approximately $2.5 million over the $75 million salary cap limit.
Butcher can only be offered a two-year entry level contract at $925,000 a season, which teams can sweeten
with bonuses.
Athanasiou update
The lone unsigned restricted free agent on the roster is forward Andreas Athanasiou. And it's likely to stay that way for a little while, as the Red Wings deal with the salary cap issues.
General manager Ken Holland said he's exchanged offers with Athanasiou's representatives as talks
continue.
The Red Wings will get $3.95 million of salary-cap relief with Johan Franzen gets placed on long-term injured reserve (LTIR), but that will only leave approximately $1.4 million for signing Athanasiou (likely not enough money) and recalling a player from Grand Rapids during the season if someone goes on short-term IR.
The Red Wings are likely to waive or trade a player — or maybe someone like Sproul (knee surgery) might not be ready to start the season — to get comfortably under the salary cap ceiling.
The junior route
Defenseman Dennis Cholowski has signed with Prince George (WHL), and will likely start the season with the Cougars in junior hockey.
Cholowski, the
Wings' 2016 1st-round draft pick, signed
last spring, ending his college career at St. Cloud (Minn.) State.
Cholowski (6-foot, 170 pounds), had 1 goal and 11 assists (12 points) in 36 games at St. Cloud State, before signing
and spending most of the spring in Grand Rapids as a practice player for the Griffins during their Calder Cup championship run.
Cholowski will attend training camp with the
Wings in September.
Have your say
Lady Gaga has cancelled her UK tour dates due to 'severe pain'.
The star was due to perform in Manchester and London in the coming days as part of her European tour.
A statement posted on her website this morning said the shows had been cancelled.
The statement reads: "Unfortunately, Lady Gaga is suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted her ability to perform live.
"As a result, Live Nation and Lady Gaga are announcing the cancellation of the final 10 dates of the European leg of her Joanne World Tour.
"Last night, with strong support from her medical team, Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road.
"She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that she cannot perform for her European fans, who have waited so patiently.
​"She is in the care of expert medical professionals who are working closely with her so she can continue to perform for her fans for years to come."
The cancelled shows have yet to be rescheduled.
Broncos receiver Demaryius Thomas has caught 18 passes for 247 yards through four games. That puts him on pace for a 992-yard season. That would be his lowest total since he had 551 receiving yards during the Tim Tebow era in 2011.
Fellow receiver Emmanuel Sanders has 20 receptions for only 190 yards, though he also has two touchdown catches (Thomas has zero). Sanders is on pace for 760 receiving yards this season, which would be his mark total since he totaled 740 yards with the Steelers in 2013.
So what's the issue?
Maybe there isn't one.
Denver is running the ball often this year and they're averaging 143 rushing yards per game, which is the third-best average in the league. If sacrificing big passing numbers is what it takes to run teams into the ground and win games, the Broncos are willing to make such a trade.
“They [Thomas and Sanders] want to win and if it takes running the football most of the time to win the football game, they're fine with that,” Broncos coach Vance Joseph said after a light practice Wednesday.
That's not to say Thomas and Sanders won't be heavily involved on offense this season. Once teams start keying on the team's run game, things will open up for quarterback Trevor Siemian and his receivers.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Broncos Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
“So far, [opposing teams] been more shell and it's been more Cover-4. Our run game has been effective. If we can do that, if we can control the game — if we rush for 140 yards a game that's a good thing for us as far as time of possession and just controlling the football game from start to finish.”
Denver will face teams more worried about defending the run than the pass at some point this season. When that happens, Siemian will have a pair of Pro Bowlers eager to take advantage of an opportunity to win through the air.
For now, though, there are no complaints about winning on the ground.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The eastern route of Bristol's 'underground metro train' could run alongside one of the city's most popular bike paths, sources claim.
The new metro trains may run next to the Bristol to Bath cycle path – which is partly made up of the former Midland rail line – to link the two cites together, the Bristol Post understands.
Several of the UK's top transport experts - including those involved in London Cross Rail project and the completed Strathclyde Subway - have been in talks with Metro Mayor Tim Bowles, Bristol Mayor Marvin Rees and leader of B&NES council Tim Warren about the ambitious £4.5billion project, the Bristol Post has learnt.
It is understood the group has advised there are only two options available to running the eastern route through one of the most congested parts of the city – either building a tunnel underground from the outskirts or build a tram-like light rail system next to the cycle path.
Other cities including Birmingham have successfully run trams and bike paths next to each other and the suggestion Bristol is looking to do the same has been welcomed by transport campaigners including South West Transport Network spokesman Dave Redgewell.
“No one is saying the cycle way will be closed, far from it, it would actually be widened and improved to allow the light rail track to run alongside it,” he said.
“There is already a section of the cycle path that runs alongside the Midland railway, so it isn't too radical.
“The track could run to Lawrence Hill station and either run underground to Bristol Temple Meads or on to street tracks into the city centre. No one is saying it is going to be easy, but it is possible and it is not a fantasy.”
Plans for the Bristol Metro were exclusively revealed by the Bristol Post in the summer from a leaked West of England Combined Authority (Weca) transport report.
Rumours about the project have leaked out in dribs and drabs over past six months, including the suggestion the metro will have three routes to Cribbs Causeway, Emersons Green and Bristol Airport which will each meet in the city centre.
However, there has been little concrete detail published about the scheme, with Mr Rees and Bristol City cabinet lead for transport, Mhairi Threlfall, remaining tight lipped until feasibility studies are complete.
What has become apparent is the shift in language used around the metro. Initially Mr Rees spoke of it as an exclusively underground project, but he now describes the concept as a ‘rapid transit system' with a “mixture of underground and over-ground” sections.
This is undoubtedly due to the high costs associated with building tunnels underground, and it seems far more likely the majority of the tracks will be above ground with lines running underground as they get closer towards the city centre.
“I would say around a quarter to a half of the tracks could be underground and the rest over-ground,” Mr Redgewell said.
“But the beauty of modern light rail is that they can share tracks. So with the Bristol to Bath cycle path route you can still run steam on the Midland rail line at weekends.”
A Bristol City Council spokesperson denied the Bristol to Bath cycle path was being looked at as a “specific line of enquiry” but conceded “no ideas are off the table”.
Ms Threlfall also appears to have some misgivings about the prospect and said she thought the idea would be “unpopular” although conceded it had been “mentioned in passing”.
But tram feasibility studies recently commissioned in B&NES seem to suggest the route is of key interest.
Among plans to build a tram network in Bath, the research is looking at lines which extend to Emersons Green in South Gloucestershire. It appears logical these tracks could be extended to run in to Bristol City centre and beyond.
One thing is certain, Bristolians won't be boarding a metro train anytime soon.
“Rome wasn't built in a day and we aren't going to see the metro built in five years,” Mr Redgewell said.
“What is more likely is that the light rail system will be built section by section over the next 10 to 15 years.
“I would imagine the line out to Bristol Airport – which will again be pretty much over-ground – will be built first because this will have the most cost benefit.
“Bristol is 20 years behind in terms of transport and we need a fully integrated transport plan that includes heavy rail, light rail, MetroBus and buses – so this is about looking at the long term connectivity of the region.”
A Bristol City Council spokesperson said it is undertaking a “pre-feasibility study” and early signs “are promising”.
“What form that system takes is an evolving picture, which is being pieced together using more and more investigation and discussion where no ideas are off the table,” the spokesperson added.
“At this moment the likelihood is that it would be a mix of underground and over-ground utilising existing and new infrastructure.
“Ground conditions look good and there are some initial thoughts on routes already being considered but no specific line of enquiry into a Bristol to Bath cycle path route.
“Costing the work up and establishing a financing model will be the next stage.”
Taking care of a cut or scrape usually means swapping out the bandage a few times, and maybe putting a little healing cream or hydrogel on there. But what if the dressing could dispense that stuff on its own? That's the idea behind a smart bandage now being tested by engineers from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Harvard and MIT.
Instead of plain sterile cotton or other fibers, this dressing is made of “composite fibers with a core electrical heater covered by a layer of hydrogel containing thermoresponsive drug carriers,” which really says it all.
It acts as a regular bandage, protecting the injury from exposure and so on, but attached to it is a stamp-sized microcontroller. When prompted by an app (or an onboard timer, or conceivably sensors woven into the bandage), the microcontroller sends a voltage through certain of the fibers, warming them and activating the medications lying dormant in the hydrogel.
Those medications could be anything from topical anesthetics to antibiotics to more sophisticated things like growth hormones that accelerate healing. More voltage, more medication — and each fiber can carry a different one.
“This is the first bandage that is capable of dose-dependent drug release,” said UN-L's Ali Tamayol in a news release. “You can release multiple drugs with different release profiles. That's a big advantage in comparison with other systems.”
In a paper published in the journal Advanced Functional Materials, the team documents how in tests, critters (not humans — those tests come later) healed better when given the active bandage. They also made sure that the heat didn't affect the healing process or the medication.
For ordinary scrapes a normal bandage (or plaster, for our friends across the pond) is probably still more than sufficient — this is for people whose healing processes are inhibited, or for whom frequent dressing changes are impossible or inconvenient.
Next up, in addition to further testing to satisfy the FDA, is investigating how to integrate sensors with the fibers, to measure blood glucose levels, pH and other indicators of how the healing process is going. Maybe soon your bandage will even include a progress bar.
Security researchers have found multiple vulnerabilities in smart sex toys that open up the potential for all sorts of mischief by hackers.
The Bluetooth and internet-connected Vibratissimo Panty Buster, and its associated online services, made by German gizmo biz Amor Gummiwaren, are riddled with exploitable privacy flaws, researchers at SEC Consult said on Thursday.
The adult toy is controlled by a wirelessly connected smartphone app. You're supposed to slip this self-love gadget into your underwear, and set it off wherever you are – at home, work, etc – or have special friends control it from over the internet. It also does stuff to music. Use your imagination.
A database containing highly sensitive Vibratissimo customer data – such as explicit images, chat logs, sexual orientation, email addresses, passwords in clear text, etc – was openly accessible on the internet. Enumeration of users' explicit images was possible due to predictable ID numbers, and missing authorisation checks.
Yes, explicit images. From a cyber-dildo. How? Social network stuff. SEC Consult explained:
The mobile apps used to control those devices are not just an ordinary remote. The apps offer multiple features for communication and socializing like search for other users, maintaining a friends list, a video chat, a message board and also a feature to create and share image galleries, where images can be stored and shared with friends in the Vibratissimo social network.
SEC Consult confirmed to The Reg that this leaky database is not accessible by the public.
Worse yet, a creepy miscreant may be able to remotely turn on the device without the consent of its owner, the infosec bods discovered. Non-consensual "tickling" could be carried out either against a nearby toy via Bluetooth, or over the internet.
Here's a video thrusting the flaws into the public eye:
Youtube Video
Based on app download figures, tens of thousands of users are potentially affected. The research was carried out by Werner Schober in cooperation with security consultancy SEC Consult and the University of Applied Sciences St. Pölten in Austria.
The Vibratissimo Panty Buster, its associated iOS and Android applications, and the server backend, had multiple vulnerabilities, including:
Customer database credential disclosure
Exposed administrative interfaces on the internet
Cleartext storage of passwords
Unauthenticated Bluetooth LE connections
Insufficient authentication mechanism
Insecure direct object reference
Missing authentication in remote control
Reflected cross-site scripting
SEC Consult contacted CERT-Bund – part of German Federal Office for Information Security – to help coordinate the disclosure process for the German vendor. Most of the most severe vulnerabilities have been addressed.
Wi-Fi sex toy with built-in camera fails penetration test READ MORE
We're told the hardware manufacturer has implemented a more secure pairing method that will is included in a new version of the pleasure-gizmo's firmware.
According to the researchers, however, the adult toy slinger disputed whether remote manipulation of other people's devices by miscreants was a problem, before emitting the fix. SEC Consult alleged the manufacturer had said it was even a "desired property of the sex toy."
We've asked Amor Gummiwaren for comment.
This research was done as a part of a master's thesis with the goal of reviewing multiple smart sex toys including several teledildonics devices. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Justin Upton watches as the two-run home run by Miguel Sano clears the wall during the third inning Sunday. (Photo: Carlos Osorio, AP)
Detroit — It started with a walk. And then another one.
Those two mistakes in the eighth inning opened the door enough for the Minnesota Twins to play small ball to get the go-ahead runs and take a 6-4 victory over the Tigers on Sunday afternoon before a crowd of 30,582 at Comerica Park.
Bruce Rondon entered in the eighth inning in a 4-4 tie and walked the only two batters he faced. Tigers manager Brad Ausmus brought in Warwick Saupold, who gave up a sacrifice bunt to move the runners to second and third.
Byron Buxton followed with a go-ahead single to center, scoring Eddie Rosario. Catcher Chris Gimenez scored an insurance run on a sacrifice fly to left, for the final margin.
Rondon threw only one strike in his nine pitches — and was optioned to Triple-A Toledo after the game.
BOX SCORE: Twins 6, Tigers 4
“We were trying to keep the game where it's at and he had a little trouble throwing strikes — that's why I went to Saupold,” Ausmus said. “It was really the first four pitches that were alarming; they weren't really close.”
The Tigers fell into an early four-run deficit after a slow start, managing just one hit in the first three innings against Twins starter Ervin Santana. Brian Dozier led off the game with his 23rd home run and the played more small ball in the second, with a single, walk and two sacrifices to get their second run.
Miguel Sano's two-run home run, his 26th of the season, made it a 4-0 lead in the third.
The Tigers benefited with three runs from a rough fifth inning defensively by the Twins. Mikie Mahtook reached on an error when Sano's foot came off of first base on a routine grounder. The next batter, Alex Presley — who went 3-for-5 — doubled to right, setting the Tigers up with runners on second and third with no outs.
With Nick Castellanos batting, Santana's pitch got by Gimenez, scoring Mahtook. Castellanos had an RBI single to score Presley, trimming the lead to 4-2. Castellanos moved to second on another passed ball and John Hicks walked. Victor Martinez was hit by a pitch, loading the bases.
James McCann struck out swinging, but the pitch got away from Gimenez, allowing Castellanos to score and the other two runners to move up. In all, the Twins had three passed balls, a wild pitch, an error and hit a batter in the inning.
“It ended up tying the game up. It's not the normal way of having a rally, but it put his back into the game,” Ausmus said. “The offense doesn't quit; it keeps fighting.”
Tigers starter Matthew Boyd gave up the first four runs but settled down after the Sano home run. He allowed just two hits over the next 3 1/3 innings and was done in the sixth, after throwing 111 pitches. He gave up six hits and four runs with three walks and five strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings.
It wasn't a great outing, but bouncing back from the early jams was encouraging. He pointed to the two pitches on the home runs as his undoing “I've got to be better with it,” Boyd said. “It wasn't necessarily the wrong pitch (to Dozier), but you have to be better at it. Same thing with Sano — that's what it comes down to: executing pitches.
“Both those pitches weren't executed and unfortunately, it cost some runs.”
The Tigers scored their first run in the fourth inning, on a leadoff double by Justin Upton, who moved to third on Castellanos' single and scored on Hicks' sacrifice fly.
Martinez and McCann followed with singles, stoking another potential rally. But Andrew Romine struck out and Jose Iglesias appeared to check his swing but first-base umpire Scot Barry ruled that he went around — and the threat was over.
In a weekend that featured Saturday's thrilling comeback with Upton's walk-off home run in the ninth inning, the Tigers are getting a boost from their never-say-die attitude, especially in bigger deficits.
“Just the comebacks, especially where we are in the season,” McCann said. “Everyone is counting us out and it'd be easy to throw in the towel. It speaks a lot to the character of the guys on this team when they feel there's something to play for.”
rod.beard@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/detnewsRodBeard
The Reverend Harold A. Dorsey, 86, of Mt. Pleasant, IA, passed away on Saturday, December 31, 2016, at University of Iowa Hospital and Clinics in Iowa City, IA.
Visitation will begin after 12 noon, on Friday, January 6, 2017, at Olson~Powell Memorial Chapel, where the family will greet friends from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. that evening. Funeral services will be held at 10:30 a.m., on Saturday, January 7, 2017, at the Salem Congregational Church with Pastor Aaron Hilterbran officiating. Burial will be in Salem East Cemetery, with full military rites by the Henry County Honor Guard. Gifts of love and friendship may be given to the Salem Congregational Church or Franklin Graham's Samaritan's Purse Organization.
MINNEAPOLIS — Houston Texans star defensive end J.J. Watt won the NFL's Walter Payton Man of the Year Award on Saturday night.
The award recognizes a player's contribution in his community and to society in general. It was given out at NFL Honors, when The Associated Press announced its individual NFL awards.
Tight ends Benjamin Watson of the Baltimore Ravens and Greg Olsen of the Carolina Panthers also were finalists.
Watt, in his seventh NFL season and a three-time Defensive Player of the Year, had the goal of raising $200,000 for Hurricane Harvey relief in Houston. His fundraising did a whole lot more, bringing in an incredible $37 million in 19 days.
Watt has dedicated himself to finding organizations that will apply the funds in a fair and effective manner.
"I cannot express how humbled and honoured that I am to be mentioned in the same sentence as Walter Payton, a man who did everything right not only on the field but off of it," Watt said in his acceptance speech. "And I'm going to continue to try to live that legacy and make that family proud.
"This award is called The Man of the Year Award, but I promise you it is so much bigger than that. This award is about the inherent good that lies within humanity. It is about the city of Houston and its ability to overcome adversity at a time when it all seemed lost. It is about the hundreds of thousands of people from all over the country and all over the world that donated to a city they may never have been to, to people they may never meet. But they donated simply because they saw their fellow human going through a difficult time and they wanted to help out."
Peyton Manning presented the award to Watt.
"Whether we realize it or not, we are affecting everyone around us with our every move," Watt added. "The more than we can shine a light on the positivity and the good that we are in this world, the better off we're going to be. We all have to go through this crazy journey together, so why not help each other out and make it as great of a journey as possible.
"I'm incredibly grateful, I'm incredibly thankful to receive this award and I will cherish it for the rest of my life. The only thing that I ask of you is to join me in trying to carry on the legacy that Walter Payton left behind of leaving this world better than we found it. Take a moment, ask yourself, 'How can I make a difference? No matter how big, no matter how small, how can I make a difference?' And when you have your answer, go out and do it."
Well, what do you know? Thanks to cloudy skies and minimal winds, it actually felt a bit like Fall on Friday! Highs were still above average, but at least closer to where they should be in early October. Now, as we head into the weekend, that all goes right back out the window.
Tonight
Clouds are in it for the long haul at this point, set to carry us through the overnight and into much of Saturday. Scattered showers will begin to creep back into the picture over the course of Friday evening, gradually becoming more numerous and picking up in intensity. The presently-stalled frontal boundary responsible for the returning showers will begin to inch its way northward overnight, lifting out of the Ohio Valley in response to an approaching area of low pressure.
As a result, temperatures will only briefly dip to the low 60s this evening and then begin to rise after midnight. Humidity levels will also increase as the front approaches, and will likely result in some scattered fog as it interacts with the lingering cooler air. Be prepared for slick roads and poor visibility if you plan to hit the roads!
>> Track the rain with our Interactive Radar! <<
Saturday
We can forget all about Fall during the first half of the weekend. With the warm front picking up speed as it heads north, a flood of warm, humid air will spill back in across Michigan. Scattered showers will remain possible until about midday thanks to the passing warm front, with a break set to follow in the afternoon.
Skies will remain mostly cloudy after lunchtime, but may allow some scattered breaks of sunshine to filter through from time to time. Temperatures will flip right back to Summer, topping the upper 70s and even the low 80s in some areas! We'll also see a marked increase in the winds, shifting to the SSW at 15-25 mph with gusts topping 30 mph at times.
>> Current Temperatures and Winds Across Mid-Michigan <<
The bonus warmth will bring along some additional benefits, but not without risk. This won't be the best news for tomorrow night's in-state showdown in Ann Arbor, but a more substantial round of steady rain and thunderstorms will begin to spread across the state around 8:00 PM or so, and will continue well into the overnight period.
The rain will be occasionally heavy, likely accompanied by a few rumbles of thunder too. In fact, there is the chance for isolated severe storms across most southeast Michigan through the night as a fast-moving cold front sweeps in from the west. Small hail and damaging winds may occur in some of the stronger storms.
Rainfall amounts by Sunday morning may range anywhere from 0.50-1.25", helping us make up some ground on the drought in parts of Mid-Michigan.
Sunday & Beyond
Saturday night's cold front may take the rain with it when it departs Sunday morning, but it won't do much to change our temperatures. The second half of the weekend will greet us with abundant sunshine, as unseasonably warm air remains in place. Highs in the upper 70s are expected, but we'll at least take a big bite out of the humidity, so it will feel markedly more comfortable!
Any chance that we'll see true Fall temperatures in the next week? Find out in the First Warn 5 7-Day Forecast!
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
×
From left to right, Robert Royall, Mark Briggs of OSHA, and Jeremy Osterberger of BIC Alliance attend the Houston Fall Prevention Safety Day, hosted by Layher Scaffold in Houston. Royall was the keynote speaker at the event.
Patrick Kugler (57) appeared in five games for Michigan last season. He's vying to be the Wolverines' starting center this season. (Photo: David Guralnick / Detroit News)
Ann Arbor — This is a last-chance season for Patrick Kugler, a fifth-year senior offensive lineman at Michigan whose motivation is to leave his lasting imprint on the program.
Kugler could have left before this season, headed to UTEP where his father, Sean, is the head coach. But he is competing to start at center — although like the other linemen he is rotating through different positions during preseason camp — and has fully embraced doing everything it takes to win the job.
“I just didn't want to be that guy that left,” Kugler said last Friday after practice. “I wanted to make a legacy here at the University of Michigan. Understood that I've gotten beat out a couple years in a row. I didn't want that to be my legacy here. I wanted to be the guy who stuck around and then eventually led this team to something great.”
Kugler played in five games last season and made his first collegiate start at left guard in the opener last season against Hawaii. His playing time has been limited throughout his career.
More: Florida suspends WR Antonio Callaway, six others for Michigan game
With freshman Cesar Ruiz, the nation's top-rated center out of IMG Academy, enrolling early, Kugler has had plenty of competition during the spring and this preseason camp. He has performed well while helping develop the immensely talented Ruiz into what he called the “next great Michigan center.”
Leaving Michigan was never an option.
“I was talking to my dad about it,” Kugler said. “He coaches down at UTEP and everyone thought I was going to go there. But, no, I wanted to come to Michigan. I came here for a reason and that's to leave a legacy here at Michigan.”
Kugler has been confident since the spring, saying he believes he's a starter and offered his theory behind that.
“If you don't think you're a starter, then why are you here?” he said. “So you've gotta attack every day like you're a starter even if you're third string right now.”
With that mindset, Kugler has excelled in camp. In the offseason, he joined many of his teammates in weekly “improvement day” yoga sessions to work on his flexibility.
The offensive linemen have been consistent in their responses when asked about the line entering this season. The players have been working at the different positions to build versatility to allow Tim Drevno, offensive coordinator and offensive line coach, along with Greg Frey, who coaches the tackles, to determine the best five.
“Nothing's set in stone right now,” Kugler said. “We'll know and we'll be ready and then we'll start molding those five to work together and be cohesive together.”
He has received high marks from coach Jim Harbaugh.
“Kugler has had a nice camp,” Harbaugh said last Friday. “He's giving us a lot of confidence there.”
This is why Kugler remained for a fifth season — it is all about this opportunity.
“It's my last year. I've got to make a legacy here,” Kugler said. “I don't want to be the guy who sat on the bench for five years. We'll see. We're going to put the best five out there. If I'm in it, I'm in it. If I'm not, I'll do the best of my ability to be a leader on this team.”
achengelis@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/chengelis
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WASHINGTON ANTONIOLLI
A Scranton woman who stabbed a man over the weekend gave a false name when police later caught her as a passenger in a DUI crash, city police said.
Laura Antoniolli, 40, 1723 Lafayette St., is jailed at the Lackawanna County Prison on charges she stabbed Luis Gomez in the back Saturday, according to a criminal complaint.
The stabbing arose out of an argument Gomez had with his girlfriend, Jennifer Nolan, about her ex-husband, Arthur Washington.
Gomez explained from a hospital bed in Regional Hospital of Scranton that the argument grew heated and he saw Antoniolli pull out a knife from her pocket. She rushed up behind him and stabbed him, he told police.
Nolan, Washington and Antoniolli fled but authorities caught up with them a short time later.
Washington, behind the wheel of a Chevrolet Uplander, rear ended an SUV at a red light on the 100 block of Mulberry Street. After Washington fled, a 911 caller followed the Uplander to West Side. Patrolman James Petrucci tried to pull it over on North Fillmore Avenue but it sped off. Petrucci caught up to it on the 1600 block of Division Street, where it slowed down, turned right onto 16th Avenue and stopped.
Petrucci ordered Washington out of the car three times and then grabbed his arm. Washington pulled away and Petrucci pulled him out of the car.
Washington could barely stand and reeked of alcohol, police said. Antoniolli also appeared drunk and said her name was “Margaret Washington.” Officers discovered that information was false when they found her identification on the floor where she was sitting.
Antoniolli is charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person, harassment, false identification and public drunkenness in two complaints against her.
Washington, 45, of Scranton, is charged with resisting arrest, fleeing police, DUI and a misdemeanor for the accident.
Antoniolli is in Lackawanna County Prison on $90,000 and has preliminary hearings scheduled Monday and June 20. Washington
Washington is jailed on $25,000 pending a preliminary hearing June 7.
Contact the writer:
jkohut@timesshamrock.com, 570-348-9144;
@jkohutTT on Twitter
HOLYOKE - The St. Patrick's Parade Committee is announcing the awards given for the best floats in the 67th parade held Sunday.
Every year judges select the best floats in the parade as marchers line up in the parking lot on Northampton Street. The awards are given in several categories.
The floats are created by businesses, schools and every town's parade committee builds a float for its Colleen and her court to ride on during the parade.
The award winners are as follows:
Grand Prize: Westfield Sons of Erin Colleen
Best Colleen Float: West Springfield Colleen
Irish Theme, first place: Agawam Colleen
Irish Theme, second place: Holyoke Grand Colleen
Irish Theme, third place: Ancient Order of Hibernians
Patriotic Theme first prize: Northampton St. Patrick Association
Patriotic Theme second prize: South Hadley in honor of fallen first responders
Open Theme, first place: Springfield Lodge of Elks
Open Theme, second place: Holyoke Rows
Open Theme, third place: Chicopee Colleen
Religious Theme, first place: Ancient Order of Hibernians Celtic Cross
Religious Theme, second place: Ancient Order of Hibernians Tribute to St. Bridget
Honorable Mention: Springfield Colleen
Honorable Mention: Duffy Academy of Dance
Honorable Mention: William Dean Technical High School
Naples, December 11 - Premier Paolo Gentiloni said Monday that the investment conditions for southern Italy had reached a new high. "We have conditions to invest and create jobs in the south that are of unprecedented interest," Gentiloni told a conference organised by daily newspaper Il Mattino in Naples.
MOUNT COBB — Dunmore's John Barone worked hard to improve his short game over the summer.
Those tools came in handy at the end of Sunday's Lackawanna County Amateur.
Heading back to Philadelphia after the final round, the Temple University senior made his swan song one to remember as he made a pair of clutch two-putts in the final three holes to win his first amateur title by two strokes over David
Mecca and Sebastian Cimoch.
“Short game has kind of been my thing this year, for sure,” said Barone, who shot back-to-back 70s to finish at 4-under par. “I've put some time into it. A lot of time into it.
“I think I've earned the right to putt well. I have confidence and I'm making a lot of putts. And that's how you shoot low numbers.”
Barone was sailing along with a two-shot lead through 27 holes when Mecca, playing a group ahead of him, began a charge that saw him make five birdies in an eight-hole stretch, beginning with No. 6.
“I was just making putts early in the front nine,” Mecca said. “Nos. 6 and 7, I made good putts.”
His last birdie at No. 13 pulled him even with Barone, but his tee shot on No. 14 found trouble and led to bogey. He was unable to recapture the magic.
“The last four or five holes are always tough for me,” Mecca said. “Little nerves on the tee shot, knowing that I was tied with John. I put it in the bunker, hit a good chip and putt. It just didn't break.
“I hit a lot of good putts down the stretch, but only the par ones went in.”
The tie was short lived. While Mecca was making bogey, Barone drained his sixth and final birdie of the day, a 10-footer that put him three in front of Cimoch.
The Marywood University freshman mounted his own charge with one terrific swing, stuffing his approach shot on the diabolical, uphill 16th hole a foot behind the pin for a tap-in birdie.
When Barone missed the green left and above the hole, the champion was tested and after coming up 15 feet short on his chip, nearly holed the slippery downhill putt for par, tapping in for bogey to maintain a one-stroke lead.
“I figured I still had a chance to make a good little comeback,” Cimoch said. “I think I was one back after that, but he just outplayed me. He's a good player.”
Cimoch's tee shot missed the green right on the 210-yard par 3, but Barone's was dead in the center of the green.
Still, he faced an uphill, 55-footer with a sweeping left to right break.
No problem for someone who has worked to refine his stroke as Barone has.
“I practice my putting all summer and I was confident in my ability to get the ball in the hole in two strokes,” Barone said. “I just trusted my game.
“I knew if I made par on 17, that was going to be a good score on that hole.”
He lagged his approach putt within 2 feet and calmly sank it to move two ahead.
Barone split the middle of the fairway with a 320-yard tee shot on No. 18, knocked a wedge to 8 feet and lipped out the final birdie putt.
“It's kind of like winning in your hometown,” Barone said. “It feels good to win. Like I've said, you don't get wins too often in golf.
“I'm having one of the best summers of my life, I'm playing good golf right now. Going into my senior year at Temple, I'm looking forward to keeping the good play going.”
Mecca shot the best round of the day, a 3-under 69 to finish at 142, same as Cimoch, who carded consecutive 71s for his 2-under score.
Kevin Rossi was two behind them at even par, followed by Kevin Nardella (146) and Frank Osborne (147).
Contact the writer: mmyers@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, ext. 5437; @mmyersTT on Twitter
Stanislav Cherchesov has tried to refresh a team that was one of the oldest at Euro 2016.
The former international goalkeeper made younger players such as Roman Zobnin (24) and Aleksandr Golovin (21) into key members of the team, but has yet to turn that potential into standout performances.
Injuries have put his preference for three central defenders under scrutiny, since the replacements have struggled in friendlies.
GOALKEEPERS
Russia captain Igor Akinfeev shot to fame as the 22-year-old goalkeeper who pulled off stunning saves on the team's way to the semifinals at Euro 2008.
Predictions of a big-money transfer never materialized and he spent his entire career at CSKA Moscow. He has a tendency to make errors in high-profile games, including an embarrassing fumble which let South Korea score at the 2014 World Cup.
DEFENDERS
Injuries have hit Russia's back line hard, with central defenders Viktor Vasin and Georgy Dzhikiya both sustaining severe knee injuries.
In their place, the trio of Fyodor Kudryashov, Roman Neustaedter and Vladimir Granat were overwhelmed by France in a 3-1 friendly loss in March.
Former Chelsea wingback Yuri Zhirkov could start on the left, with Brazil-born Mario Fernandes a contender for a spot on the right.
MIDFIELDERS
Zobnin and Golovin are Russia's main emerging talents.
Golovin, a creative spark for CSKA Moscow, seemed overawed at Euro 2016 but now has more experience.
Playing deeper than he does for Spartak Moscow, Denis Glushakov is likely to be under pressure as the main defensive midfielder. And playmaker Alan Dzagoev, once considered one of Europe's brightest young talents but now 27, has a chance to finally make a meaningful impact at international level.
FORWARDS
Aleksandr Kokorin's injury has dramatically reduced Russia's attacking options.
Fyodor Smolov, the Russian league's top scorer for the last three seasons, is the clear leading choice, but understudies Dmitry Poloz and Anton Zabolotny have failed to impress so far.
Cherchesov could still call on Artyom Dzyuba, who has 11 goals in 22 Russia games, but his stock has fallen after conflicts with the Zenit St. Petersburg management led to him being sent on loan to Arsenal Tula.
GROUP GAMES
The hosts open the tournament against Saudi Arabia on June 14 in Moscow, near their training base. Russia, which reached the quarterfinals in 1958, 1962 and 1970 as the Soviet Union, then faces Egypt on June 19 and Uruguay on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By James Ellingworth, The Associated Press
Vegetable prices rose 3.57% in July from a contraction of 16.53% in June, that pushed the consumer price index (CPI) to 2.36%. Photo: HT
New Delhi: India's retail inflation, measured by consumer price index (CPI), reversed its downward momentum and rose to 2.36% in July against 1.46% a month ago as vegetable prices shot up.
Vegetable prices rose 3.57% in July from a contraction of 16.53% in June, data released by Central Statistics Office (CSO) showed.
Data separately released by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) on Monday also showed India's wholesale price index (WPI)-based inflation increased to 1.88% in July, led by increases in food and mineral prices, compared to 0.90% rise a month ago.
The second volume of the Economic Survey 2016-17 presented on Friday in the Parliament said India is undergoing a structural shift toward low inflation, mostly due to changing dynamics in the oil market, which has capped upside risk.
“More recently, such shifts seem to have been missed, for example, in the last 14 quarters, inflation has been overestimated by more than 100 bps (basis points) in six quarters with an average error of 180 bps,” it said.
One basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
However, Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which cut its key policy rate by 0.25% in August after resisting calls for a reduction in four consecutive monetary policy reviews by citing uncertainty on the future trajectory of inflation due to several uncertainties. “If states choose to implement salary and allowance increases similar to the Centre in the current financial year, headline inflation could rise by an additional estimated 100 basis points above the baseline over 18-24 months. Also, high frequency indicators suggest that price pressures are building up in vegetables and animal proteins in the near months,” it added.
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
PTCL, Pakistan's leading ICT and Broadband service provider, has launched the Charji 4G LTE service in Azad Jammu & Kashmir (AJK). PTCL is the first operator offering next-generation wireless 4G LTE service in AJK. The service is already available to PTCL customers in Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Rawalpindi and Faisalabad,
To formally mark commencement of the service in AJK, a ceremony was held in Muzaffarabad, which was attended by Raja Farooq Haider Khan, Prime Minister Azad Jammu & Kashmir, President & CEO, PTCL, Dr. Daniel Ritz, Mushtaq Minhas, Minister for Information Technology & Tourism, AJK, Dr. Najeeb Naqi, Minister for Planning & Development, AJK, Mansoor Qadir Dar, Secretary IT, AJK, Sikandar Naqi, Chief Business Development Officer, PTCL, Adnan Shahid, Chief Commercial Officer, PTCL, Saad Muzaffar Waraich, Chief Technology & Information Officer, PTCL along with members of business community and other officials representing AJK Government and PTCL.
Speaking on the occasion, Raja Farooq Haider Khan, Prime Minister of Azad Jammu & Kashmir said, “Rapid expansion of internet holds substantial promise for the growth and economic prosperity of our region. The region of Azad Jammu & Kashmir, with a young population, offers an ideal place to introduce fast internet services. I am happy to note that PTCL has launched high-speed internet in our region and we expect the company to further expand its services to cover the entire AJK. Our people have a large number of their family members living outside the country and provision of internet services shall benefit them largely to connect with their loved ones in a better way. The areas of education, health, commerce and trade, all shall benefit from internet access to information, developing individuals and households alike.”
Dr. Daniel Ritz, President & CEO, PTCL, said, “It is a matter of great pleasure for PTCL to launch state-of-the-art Charji 4G LTE services in Azad Jammu & Kashmir. PTCL has a legacy of serving the nation for the last 70 years. We are committed to linking AJK with the rest of the world and this launch of Charji 4G LTE services is another forward step in this direction. We will soon introduce more services here as part of our vision of introducing progressive and advanced telecommunication services throughout the country.”
“We aim to work with the vision of the AJK Government of building a progressive and advanced region by meeting its connectivity and digital requirements in both fixed line and wireless services,” he added further.
Charji offers ultra-high speed connectivity which allows the customers to enjoy faster web browsing, HD video streaming, instantaneous music and picture downloads, uninterrupted online gaming sessions and much more. CharJi Wingle (USB Powered Hotspot) and CharJi Cloud (battery powered MiFi) are sleek and pocket-friendly devices which connect up to 10 devices over WiFi.
The Charji packages start from Rs.1,000 per month with a maximum volume slab of 75 GB and cater to every need and lifestyle. Also, customers purchasing the CharJi device in Ramzan will get double the volume on every recharge for the next 6 months.
'Fight For Rights Will Continue' In Zimbabwe, #ThisFlag Movement Pastor Vows
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mujahid Safodien/AFP/Getty Images Mujahid Safodien/AFP/Getty Images
Baptist Pastor Evan Mawarire is something of a cult figure in Zimbabwe. He's known for proudly wearing his country's national red, yellow, green, black and white flag around his neck. And Mawarire has deftly used social media to push his #ThisFlag hashtag campaign seeking social justice and constitutional rights, for which he's been hounded by security forces and jailed in the past.
One of his videos went viral. "ThisFlag," he says in the video, "every day that it flies, is begging for you to get involved, to say something, to cry out and say, 'Why must we be in this situation?' "
Mawarire's video sparked a movement. Thousands of protestors took to the streets of the capital Harare last year, demanding the departure of Robert Mugabe as president and accusing him of political misrule and economic mismanagement.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LubMilbHiPg YouTube
Zimbabwe's hashtag opposition movements and pop-up protests were determined to force the nonagenarian to go. Last month, Mugabe resigned.
A week after Mugabe was driven out of office, the country's High Court threw out a case against Mawarire, acquitting him of trying to subvert Mugabe's government and incite violence. The pastor said the charges were absurd. "We should never have been arrested, we should never have been intimidated, we should never have been beaten, we should never have been accused," he said outside the courthouse after his acquittal. "And it should never happen again."
Mugabe was driven out partly by people power, after the military had taken over in what it called a "bloodless correction." That decisive move was preceded by Mugabe firing one of his vice-presidents, Emmerson Mnangagwa, a fellow veteran of the war of independence. The dismissal, widely seen as a prelude to Mugabe naming his own wife as vice-president, was a step too far for the army, which backs Mnangagwa — and the military stepped in.
With Mnangagwa as the new president, the pastor and other rights campaigners warn that their fight for rights will continue.
"It's important that we let the administration that is coming in right now know that if they do to us what Robert Mugabe's government did to us, we will do the same thing to them that we've done to Robert Mugabe," Mawarire told journalists.
He says even though Mugabe has been forced from power, that doesn't mean abuses in Zimbabwe have ended. He points in particular to missing rights activist Itai Dzamara, who disappeared in 2015 and has not been seen or heard from since he was forced into an unmarked vehicle on March 9 of that year.
"There still are many citizens right now who are in prison for political reasons, in terms of having stood up against the regime. And I urge this new government to drop those charges and let those people go, because they did not commit any crime at all," says Mawarire. "The citizens of our nation are not enemies to our government. They are allies in building a better Zimbabwe. They should be listened to."
In the bad old days, Mawarire and his supporters would have been chased off the streets of Harare with teargas and batons, and possibly arrested had they tried to hold a rally. The day after Mugabe resigned, though, the pastor and other clergymen and supporters held a gathering in Africa Unity Square, opposite Parliament and a street away from the High Court that acquitted him. Campaigners were telling anyone who'd listen that they must hold the new leadership to its pledges of change, unity and economic revival for Zimbabwe.
Last year, during a six-month exile in the U.S., Mawarire told NPR's Weekend All Things Considered he was surprised at how his #ThisFlag movement took off.
"It was the last thing on my mind that this would be a movement that makes a political statement," he said. "It really just started off as one video and then, after that, I said, 'Hey, if you want to reclaim your love for Zimbabwe, get a national flag, drape it around your neck or around yourself or get your family, hold it together, take a selfie, take a picture, post it on social media and let's just love Zimbabwe again.' "
Mawarire is adept at using social media to spread his message. Minutes after High Court Judge Priscilla Chigumba found him not guilty of trying to topple Mugabe's government, the pastor – who was still standing in the dock — whipped out his smartphone.
He posted a selfie on Twitter, telling his supporters what had just happened and urging them to keep up the fight and join hands to build a "better Zimbabwe."
The case was being viewed as a test of the independence of the judiciary under Zimbabwe's new president. Mawarire says Zimbabweans must take action and blame themselves for not speaking out enough.
"We stopped talking, we stopped standing up, we stopped being citizens that participate – so the space shrunk and the fear grew," he told NPR. "Zimbabweans became quiet and retreated from being citizens out of fear. Our agenda is the agenda of breaking the wall, of scaling the wall of fear."
He issued this clarion call to his compatriots: "We're going to encourage some of our citizens to prepare to run for elections in 2018. You're good candidates — why don't you run? And we want people to register to vote."
For years, the mantra from opponents of Zimbabwe's longtime leader was "Mugabe Must Go." Now that Mugabe has gone, what's the future for activists seeking change in the southern African nation?
Another campaigner, Linda Tsungirirai Masarira, who's been active in the influential Tajamuka protest movement, and spent time in prison and in solitary confinement last year, is campaigning to become an independent member of Parliament in elections due next year.
Zimbabwe's new leader has not included any opposition politicians in his new cabinet, despite calls for an inclusive, representative government. So, Masarira says, it's time for the younger generation to take the plunge.
"The reason that made me want to run for political office is that, sometimes, you have to take your activism from the streets, from the demonstrations, from the protests, to the august house where the decisions are made, where laws are made that will benefit the masses of Zimbabweans."
Masarira says she understands why jubilant Zimbabweans took to the streets to celebrate and fraternize with soldiers after the military takeover, and again after Mugabe's resignation, but she remains cautious about the armed forces and new president.
"I've got a lot of reservations in the new leadership. I'm yet to see if the new president, Emmerson Mnangagwa, is the real deal that Zimbabweans need," Masarira says. "I want to see whether he's truly reformed and if he's truly willing to take Zimbabwe forward and to confess for the wrongs that he's done, in the spirit of forgiveness, tolerance, truth and healing. We'd have to see it in action, not just in speech."
There's concern that Mnangagwa — once a loyal aide of Mugabe before he was fired as vice president last month — may not make good on his pledge to be a leader for all Zimbabweans in a new democracy.
Preaching onstage recently at Africa Unity Square in Harare, Pastor Mawarire seems prepared to give Mnangagwa a chance.
"Give the incoming president wisdom to take this nation where it needs to go..." he prayed. "It's going to be a hard journey because many of us are divided but Lord, you've shown us how important it is to be united."
"That was the turning point," Bochy said. "That ball was smoked. What a great play he made."
Jon Gray turned in his shortest outing of the season at 3 1/3 innings. He walked two straight batters with the bases loaded in the fourth to allow the Giants tie the score at 4. Musgrave entered and the Rockies got out of the tight spot when Andrew McCutchen's liner was dropped by Trevor Story, who then began a double play.
"Absolutely horrible. Bad mindset," Gray said of his pitching performance. "I feel like my stuff was really good, well enough to win. But I wasn't going at guys I should have. I think I picked around the corners and got behind too much. I have to go at guys and get them out."
Pablo Sandoval started at second base a day after Kelby Tomlinson committed three errors. Sandoval had an RBI single in the second.
Tomlinson entered the game in the fifth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: RHP Jeff Samardzija was placed on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness. ... INF Joe Panik (left thumb) could return to the Giants on Friday. ... RHP Mark Melancon (elbow) will be evaluated Thursday.
Rockies: 2B DJ LeMahieu (left thumb) took multiple at-bats in Arizona on Wednesday. "He's doing really well. He's close," manager Bud Black said. Possibly activated Friday? "You can speculate. I'm not going to tell you. But you can speculate it a lot," Black said.
FIRST PITCH
Before the game, 8-year-old Hailey Dawson of Las Vegas delivered a ceremonial underhand pitch to Chad Bettis while wearing a Rockies-themed prosthetic hand. She has Poland syndrome, which stunted the growth of the fingers on her right hand.
It was her ninth stadium visit in her quest to throw in every major league park. Her next stop is Seattle.
She's also delivered pitches at Baltimore, Washington, San Diego, San Francisco, Chicago Cubs, Texas, Cleveland, and during Game 4 of the 2017 World Series in Houston. Several Rockies players signed her prosthetic hand, including Ian Desmond, Arenado and Gonzalez.
UP NEXT
Giants: The Giants head home for six games after going 2-6 on their trip. RHP Chris Stratton (6-3, 4.97 ERA) starts Friday in a three-game set against Philadelphia.
Rockies: After a day off, LHP Tyler Anderson (4-1, 4.72 ERA) takes the ball Friday to open a three-game series against the Dodgers and LHP Alex Wood (1-4, 3.75).
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Pat Graham, The Associated Press
The Chinese philosopher, Lao Tazu said: “Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.” True love is a feeling that comes naturally and is pure. It is a perpetual feeling. It doesn't seek anything in return and could be just one-sided. However, when that feeling is reciprocated with similar purity, it nurtures itself and strengthens the bond between lovers. It nourishes and empowers one on a deep emotional and mental level. There is a tremendous sense of fulfilment and contentment when one is on the giving end of love, whereas, a deep sense of security, appreciation and being valued is felt at the receiving end. It has the power to help one to feel grounded enough to grow and evolve into their better or higher version of self. It is a feeling where one feels the connection with the other deep down to the soul rather than just on a physical level.
From Ms Ritu Chawla Ray Alberta, Canada Knowing it's true The invisible cord that connects two hearts together is a feeling that lasts a lifetime and makes every day special. When your heart skips a beat, when you smile for no reason and enjoy daydreaming when your heart hears that name, then you know you are in love. Every time you fall in love, the feeling is true. Somewhere, someday, someone will hold you and you will know that this love was meant to be. I'm in love with the feeling of being loved. From Ms Dorothy UAE A continuous process For me, true love means being at peace with yourself. Once you have this kind of feeling, everything will fall into place. Happiness, kindness, patience, hope, sacrifice, understanding, commitment and responsibility. Nowadays, many are being deceived by a true love that are being disguised in a materialistic world only to find out that it was not love after all. True love has to be driven by passion by expressing oneself without any discrimination or hesitation. You can be who you are with someone you love. Don't be mistaken by a true love in such a short period of time, it requires a step by step formation to build a long lasting relationship and it doesn't need a deadline, because this is a continuous process that will eventually lead to everlasting love. From Ms Noel Malicdem Dubai Friendship Valentine's Day has become more popular in most of the countries. Most young men and women exchange greetings and love throughout the world and this day has become more significant. In my opinion, true love is friendship and love. It should bring peace and tranquillity among nations. From Mr K. Ragavan Bengaluru, India Forever True love knows no boundaries. It is unconditional giving without expecting anything in return. It is sacrificing for the happiness of that person. It's fewer words, but more of a feeling and action. It's a never ending story. It is forever till death do us part. From Ms Ma Teresa Edpan Dubai Editor's note: Is there a news report that you feel strongly about? Something that has to be addressed in the community and requires resolution? Email us on readers@gulfnews.com. You can also post a comment on our Facebook page or tweet to us @GNReaders. More from Letters What about the Palestinians?
Helping those less fortunate
Debacles of the web
Facebook transforming friendships
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 13-year-old boy has been arrested after a series of sex attacks on women were reported to police in the space of two weeks.
Avon and Somerset police put out an appeal on April 11 after numerous women came forward about the sexual assaults in the Windmill Hill area of Bristol.
The attacks took place in the same area over two weeks between March 24 and April 5 this year. The women who reported the assaults to the police said they were inappropriately touched.
The 13-year-old boy arrested in connection with the attacks has now been released under investigation while police enquiries continue.
The first incident happened on Saturday, March 24, with two further offences happening two days later on Monday, March 26.
There were two other incidents on Sunday, April 1 and Thursday, April 5. Police said they were linking all five cases because of their “similar nature” and “close proximity to each other”.
Community reassurance patrols were carried out in the local area after the assaults.
Water Muddying the Waters on the Clean Water Rule « Previous Janice Kaspersen • January 23, 2018
Last week, the US Supreme Court made a unanimous ruling regarding the Clean Water Rule, also known as the Waters of the US, or WOTUS. Unfortunately, the decision doesn't really settle much of anything; what it does do is clarify where challenges to the rule should be heard: in federal district courts. The rule has had a long and contentious history. First proposed by EPA and the US Army Corps of Engineers under the Obama administration, the rule sought to clarify what is actually covered by the Clean Water Act. Earlier Supreme Court decisions had left some ambiguity about whether certain wetlands and ephemeral streams were covered. The government said this left 60% of streams and wetlands potentially unprotected. You can read a background summary here. Add Add Stormwater Weekly and Water Efficiency Weekly to your Newsletter Preferences and keep up with the latest articles on water: green infrastructure, smart meters, stormwater drainage and management, water quality monitoring and water treatment.
Although EPA and the Corps of Engineers maintained that the Clean Water Rule only clarified, and did not extend, the scope of the Clean Water Act, many industry and agricultural groups opposed it. Several states filed protests even before it went into effect in 2015, and both houses of Congress at various points sought to block or rewrite it. Challenges to the rule involved dozens of legal actions around the country, some in federal district courts and some in appeals courts, and led to arguments over which courts actually should have jurisdiction. As this article explains, “The choice of court—district or appeals—is significant because it affects the resources needed to litigate the merits of challenges, sets the statute of limitations for filing lawsuits, and helps determine whether actions can be challenged in subsequent civil or criminal proceedings. District courts are also more tilted toward overturning government actions.”
The current administration has promised to eliminate the rule and took steps toward doing so last year. At issue now: the 6th US Circuit Court of Appeals issued a stay to the rule back in October 2015, and the Trump administration had counted on that stay remaining in place while it tried to repeal the rule. If, as the Supreme Court said this week, appeals courts don't have jurisdiction here, that stay might be lifted.
Even if that happens, though, an earlier ruling by a federal judge in North Dakota issuing a temporary injunction against the rule in August 2015 could still stand; that injunction applies in the 13 states that had sued to block the rule—Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Idaho, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wyoming—so even if the rule is back in effect everywhere else, it might still be blocked in those states.
The E&E News article quoted above goes into much greater detail about the implications of the Supreme Court's ruling and possible next moves, such as a nationwide injunction by a district court. Stay tuned for more developments.
There is an undeniable joie de vivre in Josef Frank's work. Perhaps this is why the Austrian-born Swedish designer's fanciful, rhythmic prints have remained so beloved for the better part of a century. His furniture, textiles, and accessories for Swedish home retailer Svenskt Tenn are still some of the company's most iconic pieces, nearly eight decades after he began working with the brand. Though his work in Sweden is what galvanized his career, Frank made his mark Stateside, too. In 1947 the fabric house Schumacher commissioned several patterns from the designer, which were revived to much fanfare as part of its 125th anniversary collection in 2014. The only problem? Designers wanted more.
"In the past few years, we began hearing more and more that designers were fabric backing our Frank textiles and using them on walls," says Schumacher's Marketing manager Kimberly Healy. "So we thought, Why not make it easier?" Two of Frank's best-known prints from the original 1947 commission, Citrus Garden and Exotic Butterfly, are now wall-ready. The prints have been recolored to offer a range encompassing Frank's signature hues as well as more subdued takes on his work for a total of five distinct papers. And for those hesitant about diving into the wild world of Josef Frank? The designer had some words for them: “It doesn't matter if you mix old and new, or different styles, colors, and patterns,” Frank said in 1958. “The things you like will always blend, by themselves, into a peaceful whole.”
© Saichon Srinuanchan
© Saichon Srinuanchan
© Saichon Srinuanchan
The hunt began on Friday to round upTwo dogs were caught, but the owner of the car subject to the shocking attack was not sure whether they were part of the pack or not.Chartchai Sangsil, chief of Ratchaburi livestock office, led a team of municipal officials and livestock officials to hunt down the canine marauders along Soi Srisuriyawong 2 and adjacent areas in Muang district on Friday morning.Many dogs were seen fleeing as the team entered the nearby forest where they were known to stay.Two stray dogs were later tranquilized and caught. They were put in cages and will be quarantined for seven days before being sent to the Muang municipality's animal care centre.A member of the team said it would take several days to round up all the dogs,Owner Somnuek Semkham, 35, was jolted awake by the sound of her car alarm and quickly left her room to see was happening. She was shocked to see the damage that had been done and initially thought another car had hit it.She later learned otherwise.Ms Somnuek watched the hunt on Friday, but said she did not know whether the two dogs captured were part of the marauding pack.
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Top-level civilian and military officials from Islamabad and Kabul on Saturday agreed to some points of the Afghanistan-Pakistan Action Plan for Peace and Solidarity and decided to continue discussions to reach an agreement on the entire blueprint for bilateral engagement.
“The meeting was held in a cordial environment and both delegations made some progress on the APAPPS,” a joint statement issued after the inaugural meeting of the working groups established under the action plan said.
The meeting comes in the backdrop of a series of deadly attacks that rattled Kabul, after which a high-level delegation from Afghanistan comprising the interior minister and spy chief had visited Islamabad this week with a ‘personal message' from President Ashraf Ghani. The delegation held talks with Pakistani leadership on security cooperation amid the highly volatile security situation in their country. However, the joint working group delegation's first trip had reportedly been scheduled long before recent developments in Pak-Afghan ties.
Foreign Secretary Tehmina Janjua led the Pakistani delegation at the talks while Afghan Deputy Foreign Minister Hekmat Khalil Karzai was leading the Afghan side. The APAPPS is a joint action plan for cooperation in the areas of counter-terrorism and reduction of violence, peace and reconciliation, refugees repatriation and joint economic development.
During Saturday's meeting, Pakistan offered a joint investigation into the terrorist attacks in Kabul and urged the Afghan government to take action against anti-Pakistan terrorists stationed in Afghanistan.
The foreign secretary during the meeting reiterated that instead of blame game both sides should engage in concrete cooperation. Pakistan also emphasised the need for strengthening border management on the Afghan side.
“There are still important areas to be discussed and agreed upon, and both sides remain committed to continue discussions to reach an agreement on the APAPPS,” the press release said. The next meeting of the delegations will take place on February 9 and 10 in Islamabad.
Staff Reporter
Punjab University and the Education University of Hong Kong have signed a memorandum of understanding fostering friendly cooperation and to promote academic collaboration.
In this regard, an MoU signing ceremony was held at VC office here on Monday.
PU VC Prof Dr Muhammad Zakria Zakar, Vice President the Education University of Hong Kong Prof Dr Tai-Lok Lui, Dean Faculty of Education Prof Dr Mumtaz Akhter, Director IER Prof Dr Rafaqat Ali Akbar, Director External Linkages Dr Fouzia Hadi Ali and others were present on the occasion.
DETROIT — The PGA Tour is returning to the Detroit area after a 10-year absence.
Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a new PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next year. Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played, though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open.
The tour said Wednesday that the tournament is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club, a Donald Ross design.
As part of the deal, the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this summer, the tournament outside Washington that is run by the Tiger Woods Foundation.
Dragon Ball Super has delivered one of the weaker episodes of the Tournament of Power arc, but there are a few redeeming factors that prevent this episode from being a total travesty. It's not unwatchable by any stretch, just very bland and very forgettable.
I felt like this episode was a callback to the universe 6 arcs which introduced fighters with unique abilities to focus on strategy rather than flashy fight scenes. This episode presents a similar scenario and it works to an extent because it switches up the flow of the tournament of power a bit, which is a good thing as this arc was starting to get a bit formulaic and was lacking any real sort of variation. My issue with this week's episode is that it's nowhere near as good as it could have been.
As many have predicted the clash against the remaining warriors from Universe 4 will not extend beyond this episode. We were introduced to three new fighters, each with unique abilities relating to stealth. Universe 7 initially struggles against opponents which they can't see or attack, and it creates genuine tension. Unfortunately, it doesn't last long. Universe 7 are able to eventually take out their new opponents, but it feels too easy.
I was extremely confused about the complete absence of Frieza. It;s almost like the writers forgot about him, which is odd considering he's been one of the clear highlights of this arc. I feel like his presence was desperately needed to improve this episode and it would have taken it to new heights. Imagine Universe 7 fighting against opponents they can't see while also having to rely on Frieza who's scheming is entering it's final phases. It would have added whole new layer of tension.
I was disappointed with Piccolo's elimination. He deserves better than this. Piccolo is an awesome character and it's a shame that he never really got a chance to shine, especially with the tournaments focus on bringing back the original Z fighters. In this tournament he mostly served as an emotional anchor for Gohan, and it's great to watch him in his father figure role, but we've seen that over and over. It would have been great to see him step out of that role for a bit to have his moment, I just feel like it's a disservice to the character.
On the other hand this is the first episode where Universe 7 have truly worked as a team and shown that they are one unit, which is a contrast to the start of the tournament. It shows that the characters are fully aware of the stakes and shows them putting their egos aside which is good characterization. We also get great moments like piccolo catching Gohan as he falls out the ring, and saving android 18 from a barrage of attacks. It was also great to see another tag team from Goku and android 17.
However, none of this is enough to elevate this episode beyond being pretty mediocre. The biggest offences being the obvious wasted potential from Universe 4 and the treatment of piccolo. This is one of the weaker episodes, so let's hope Dragon Ball Super gets back on track this week.
What did you think? Did you enjoy this episode, or were you disappointed? What did you think about Picollo being eliminated? Was it his time to go, or could he have done more?
Stage The Rising Stars of Croft and Pearce: An Interview By
Hannah Croft and Fiona Pearce are two Oxford Graduates who have since become the comedy double act ‘Croft and Pearce'. Currently, they are touring a sell-out Edinburgh show and have also had their own series on BBC Radio 4. They come to the Old Fire Station in Oxford for one night only on Thursday the 23rd of February (£12/£10).
I begin by asking the duo how their comedy act began, to which they say “when we were at Oxford, we imagined we'd spend our twenties enjoying success as the greatest classical actresses of our generation, wringing our hands over a samovar in a Russian classic at the National Theatre, or falling in love with our leading man at the RSC (probably a tall actor with great hair called Dominic). Strangely, that didn't happen. Life is cruel. And we discovered we had time on our hands, a desire to perform, and some terrible day jobs that were just asking to be written into sketches.” However, swapping classic for comedy certainly hasn't been a bad shout for Croft and Pearce. “Our first gig was a three minute set on our friend's comedy night downstairs in a pub in London and we've taken it from there”: yet three minutes soon became sell-out shows at the Edinburgh Fringe. Croft and Pearce took ‘Croft and Pearce are not themselves' to Underbelly, where they gained huge critical acclamation: BroadwayBaby labeled the duo “fantastically talented comedians”, and the Daily Telegraph praised them as “masters of pinpoint observation and characterization”. This certainly doesn't seem like a show to miss.
“And we discovered we had time on our hands, a desire to perform, and some terrible day jobs that were just asking to be written into sketches.”
They tell me that their show has “32 characters and 25 sketches over two halves” with “little story threads that run through the show to link the different worlds together”. For just two actors to perform all these roles seems a mammoth task and is nothing but testament to the talent of Croft and Pearce. Where, then, does the inspiration for their comedy come from? Croft and Pearce cue Des'ree: ““Life, O life. Ooh li-i-i-i-ife”. Our ideas start from things that have happened to us or our friends, or sometimes just from conversations we've overheard or people we've met, and then we take what we found funny from the real situation and blow it up into a sketch. We usually end up in a very different place to where we started.” I cannot help but get the impression that Croft and Pearce and genuinely honest and original in their work through a comedy that is hilariously relatable.
I then ask how the two go about preparing for their shows: “When we're developing a new show we do lots of tester gigs. The first showing is normally just to a group of very honest friends, who we ply with pizza in return for their feedback. Then we move up to gradually bigger audiences until we get to our Edinburgh run, which is when things really get refined. 26 shows in a row in front of rooms full of strangers who aren't going to do you any favours is a great way to work out what is actually funny. You never know for sure in comedy until you've tested it and we're still often surprised by what really works and what REALLY doesn't… ”
For Croft and Pearce, it is Victoria Wood and French and Saunders who have inspired them most. Further, they go on to say that “at the moment we're really loving Amy Schumer – the sketches as well as the stand-up – so she's a big inspiration”. Yet from their huge appraisal for their run at the Edinburgh Fringe, it seems we shouldn't expect any less. Catch these rising stars back at home in Oxford for just one night for they might just be too hot a ticket in a few years' time.
More than 50 people were killed in a prison riot in Brazil's Amazon region when fighting broke out between rival gangs, media reports said Monday, citing local officials.
“Between 50 and 60 bodies have been found, according to an initial count,” the public security secretary for the state of Amazonas, Sergio Fontes, told local radio network Tiradentes.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Kemba Walker scored 41 points on 11-for-22 shooting and the Charlotte Hornets beat the Indiana Pacers 133-126 with the help of a record-setting first quarter Friday night.
Buoyed by 16 points from Nicolas Batum, the Hornets scored 49 points in the first, a franchise-best for a quarter. Charlotte connected on 7 of 11 from 3-point range and hit 19 of 23 from the field in that stretch. It marked the highest point total for an NBA team in any quarter this season.
Four other Hornets players scored in double-digits, led by Batum's 31 points and Dwight Howard's 12 points and 11 rebounds. Charlotte won its second game in a row.
Victor Oladipo had 35 points for the Pacers, who halted a three-game winning streak. Myles Turner added 19 points and 11 rebounds for Indiana.
Charlotte led 49-37 after the first, as the Pacers came within a point of matching the most first-quarter points by a hornet opponent this season.
The Pacers outscored the Hornets 34-25 in the third quarter, led by 13 points from Oladipo, to narrow Charlotte's advantage to 96-91. Cory Joseph's free throws cut Indiana's deficit to 128-124 with 40 seconds left, but Charlotte hit five free throws after that to ice it.
TIP-INS:
Pacers: Indiana coach Nate McMillan missed the game for personal reasons. Longtime assistant Dan Burke served as acting head coach. ... Center Al Jefferson, who played for Charlotte 2013-16, received a loud ovation when he entered the game at the end of the second quarter.
Hornets: The 49-point first bettered a 47-point fourth quarter Charlotte had on Dec. 4, 1991 against the Los Angeles Lakers. ... Batum was 11-of-18 shooting. ... C Cody Zeller returned to the lineup after missing 27 games because of left knee surgery to repair torn meniscus. The Hornets were 12-15 without Zeller in that stretch. Zeller totalled five points and three rebounds in 16 minutes. ... Marvin Williams missed his second straight game with a left ankle sprain. Coach Steve Clifford said Williams is not expected to miss significant time. ... Dwight Howard's 11th consecutive double-double — the longest active streak in the NBA — was his 33rd of the season.
UP NEXT
Our Special Correspondent
Karachi
The Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce & Industry (FPCCI) has urged the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) to restore the audit immunity to Commercial Importers who pay advance Sales Tax at the rate of 3 percent under Special Procedure for Payment of Sales Tax by Commercial Importers Rules, 2006 and income tax at the rate of 6 percent under Section 148 of Income Tax Ordinance 2001 at Customs stage as full in final discharge of their tax liability.
The proposal is a part of FPCCI presentation being prepared under the Chairmanship of Syed Mazhar Ali Nasir, Senior Vice President FPCCI that would be presented to the high-ups of concerned Ministries, FBR, etc., for incorporation in the ensuing Federal Budget.
The proposal elaborated that the exemption from audit granted to the Commercial Importers vide clause 58-E(2) of the Special Procedure Rules was withdrawn a couple of years back, however, FBR assured to restore the exemption and till such time alternatively would exclude commercial importers under audit policy till 2015. In the current year's audit policy, exclusion was not extended to commercial importers from the selection of their cases for audit. Resultantly field formation has started selection and issuance of notice to commercial importers under section 25 of the Sales Tax Act 1990.
The FPCCI's Budget Advisory Council contended, “This is against the agreement made between the commercial importers and FBR and the government policy to minimize the direct contact between a tax collector and taxpayer as it leads to corruption and tax evasion.
The commercial importers were agreed to pay the advance tax at a higher rate just to avoid hassle, lengthy and cumbersome process of Sales Tax audit, the proposal urged. Similarly, it disclosed that the Importers working under full in final discharge of Tax liability regime under Section 148 of Income Tax Ordinance 2001 were also served with the income tax audit notices.
In another proposal, the FPCCI also urged the government to do away with the discretionary powers given to the tax officials to raid, enter and search the taxpayers' business premises under Income Tax Ordinance 2001 and Sales Tax Act, 1990 and termed it arm-twisting tactics of Inland Revenue officials against businessmen.
It elaborated that some unscrupulous officials are harassing and oppressing business community especially the tax filers by making undue raids on their business premises. The discretionary powers are given under Sections 38B and 40B of Sales Tax Act, 1990 and under Section 175(1) & (2) of Income Tax Ordinance 2001 empowers the officials to enter and Search the premises to obtain information under Section 176 of Income Tax Ordinance 2001.
“It has been observed that every year before the end of fiscal years tax officials started these tactics to force genuine taxpayers to make undue payment in order to meet their fiscal targets. This sort of practice is causing trust deficit among business community over revenue collection department and is one of the prime reasons for narrow tax base in Pakistan”, the proposal concluded.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
A married couple can agree that property they buy as husband and wife belongs solely to him or her without expressly stating in the agreement that the property is “non-marital,” Maryland's top court has ruled. The Court of Appeals decision overturned lower court rulings that held all property acquired during marriage belongs to both spouses in ...
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on Time's Up calling for a probe into the Manhattan District Attorney's office (all times local):
8:40 p.m.
The Manhattan district attorney's office says a review of how prosecutors handled a 2015 sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein will show the investigation was handled properly.
New York's governor on Monday directed the state's attorney general to review a decision not to prosecute the disgraced media mogul after an Italian model told police that he groped her.
The woman caught Weinstein apologizing on tape during a sting operation, but the DA's office declined to prosecute the case.
Spokesman Danny Frost says the DA's office will provide the attorney general with any information necessary.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo made the directive on Monday, hours after Time's Up, an initiative started by Hollywood industry women, asked for the review.
In a statement, the Democratic governor asked that the review be conducted "in a way that does not interfere with the current investigation."
___
8 p.m.
New York's governor has directed the state attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office not to prosecute a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein.
An initiative started by Hollywood industry women had called for Gov. Andrew Cuomo (KWOH'-moh) to investigate the DA's office after a New York magazine published an article about the case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped her.
Time's Up says an investigation is necessary to protect the integrity of the office. Police have said the case should have been prosecuted; the district attorney's office disagreed.
In a statement, the Democratic governor asked that the review be conducted "in a way that does not interfere with the current investigation."
The Manhattan DA's office says a criminal investigation into Weinstein is active and ongoing.
___
3:30 p.m.
The Manhattan District Attorney's office says a criminal investigation into Harvey Weinstein is active and ongoing and a commitment to justice in sexual abuse cases is "unwavering."
The comments by spokesman Danny Frost Monday came as the Time's Up initiative called for the governor to investigate the district attorney's office for refusing to prosecute the disgraced media mogul in 2015. Police have said the case should've been prosecuted; the district attorney's office disagreed.
Frost says the sex crimes unit is a national leader in the investigating and prosecution of sex crimes. Police and prosecutors may disagree sometimes, but never at the expense of justice.
Time's Up was started by women in Hollywood. The statement from the group came after New York magazine published an article about the 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped her.
___
1:30 p.m.
An initiative started by Hollywood industry women is calling for New York's governor to investigate the Manhattan district attorney's office over a decision in 2015 not to prosecute a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein.
Time's Up says a report in New York magazine is disturbing because it suggests the district attorney's office may have been improperly influenced by Weinstein and sought to intimidate an Italian model who accused the disgraced media mogul of groping her.
She secretly recorded him in a police sting. The district attorney's office decided there wasn't enough evidence to prosecute.
Time's Up says an investigation is necessary to protect the integrity of the office.
Neither the district attorney's office nor the governor's office immediately commented.
Weinstein's attorneys have said he denies any non-consensual contact.
× Man charged after O'Fallon Walmart placed on lockdown
ST. CHARLES COUNTY, Mo. – The St. Charles County Prosecuting Attorney's Office charged a 38-year-old Warrenton man for allegedly threatening a family member and causing an O'Fallon Walmart to go on lockdown.
According to Col. Roy Joachimstaler, O'Fallon Chief of Police, the Warren County Sheriff's Department contacted O'Fallon authorities Thursday around 6:50 p.m. about an individual making “homicidal threats.”
Warren County deputies asked O'Fallon police to check the parking lot of the Walmart Supercenter, located at Highway K and Mexico Road, just south of Interstate 70. The store was placed on a lockdown as a precautionary measure.
O'Fallon police and SWAT members responded to the scene around 8 p.m. and took Duncan into custody approximately 20 minutes later. Joachimstaler said police recovered firearm inside Duncan's vehicle. The firearm had previously been reported stolen.
The lockdown was lifted around 9:20 p.m. and customers inside the store were allowed to leave the building.
Duncan, who had a prior felony conviction, was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm and stealing a firearm. He remains jailed on a $50,000 bond.
Photo: Mads Perch
By Scott T. Sterling
Two great voices that sound great together.
Such was the case at London's Royal Albert Hall over the weekend (Dec. 8) when Led Zeppelin legend Robert Plant welcomed Chrissie Hynde of the Pretenders to perform a pair of songs during his show with his band the Sensational Space Shifters.
Related: Robert Plant On ‘Civil' Relationship With Led Zeppelin
Hynde joined Plant to perform “Bluebirds Over the Mountain,” the Ersel Kichey cover from Plant's latest solo album, Carry Fire, that features Hynde. She stuck around to sing 1983 Pretenders single, “2000 Miles.”
Watch fan footage of the inspired performance below.
A security guard has been arrested after he shot at three men who he claimed tried to rob him as he was withdrawing money from an ATM near the Oriental Plaza shopping complex in Johannesburg‚ police said on Monday.
Warrant Officer Xoli Mbele said the man has been charged with murder and attempted murder as one of his victims was killed.
Mbele said the man claimed to have been trying to withdraw money from the ATM on Sunday morning when he was interrupted by the three.
"[He claims] two males disturbed him at the ATM and [he] lost his bank card‚" said Mbele. The man believed his card had been swallowed by the machine.
"When he tried to confront them they jumped into a white Renault Stepway. He fired several shots at the car. A 24-year-old male passenger in the car was declared dead on the scene by the paramedics; he was shot several times in the upper body. The driver and the other passenger were also shot several times in the upper body and taken to hospital‚" Mbele said.
As you are likely well aware, the Duchess of Cambridge gave birth to her third child earlier this week, and now I'm even more jealous of William and Kate's picture-perfect family — especially after seeing Duchess's flawless post-birth appearance. With the royal family being worth billions of dollars, per CNBC, it's unlikely that anyone was concerned about the costs of Kate's labor and delivery. But as an analysis by The Economist notes, it's literally cheaper to deliver a royal baby than it is to have a child (of any level of royalty) in the U.S. According to The Economist, it can cost parents $10,808, on average, to have a baby in the U.S., while a deluxe room in the Lindo Wing at St. Mary's Hospital in London cost $8,900 in 2015. Both estimates are for vaginal births with no complications, but as WebMD notes, a cesarean section ran around $15,800 in 2008, and if a baby ends up in the NICU, you could face costs as high as $200,000, according to the nonprofit organization March of Dimes.
The Lindo Wing at St. Mary's is a private area of the hospital often chosen by celebrities, royals, and wealthy people — had the Duchess operated for "regular" maternity care, her out-of-pocket costs would've been covered by Britain's National Health Service. If you have insurance in the U.S., you likely won't be on the hook for the entire hospital bill, but you'll still be paying out-of-pocket fees around $3,000 on average, according to the report.
If you're wondering why people are pushing for health care reform, this sums it up. The realization that an ordinary person can pay more money than literal royalty is pretty shocking. Though I haven't experienced childbirth, various hospital visits have left me with thousands of dollars in co-payments, and I have good health insurance. Trying to pay off bills and talk to hospitals, and insurance companies can be hard for me to navigate, and I'm a healthy person with a lot of free time. A woman who's physically and emotionally exhausted and responsible for a newborn baby is going to be under even more stress. A 2013 analysis from Childbirth Connection, an organization that focuses on maternity care, points out that even healthy pregnancies and births with no complications can be unnecessarily expensive.
Most childbearing women are healthy, have healthy fetuses, and have reason to expect an uncomplicated birth, yet routine maternity care is technology-intensive and expensive: combined maternal and newborn care is the most common and costly type of hospital care for all payers, private payers, and Medicaid.
And when parents have no way to pay the hefty bills they receive, they have to get creative. Crowdfunding website GoFundMe has hundreds of campaigns related to labor and delivery costs. Another report by Childbirth Connection — this one published in 2010 — outlined all of the things the organization hoped to see change in maternity care by 2020. Unfortunately, it feels like we're moving backwards, especially with President Donald Trump's determination to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
In a Splinter News article published earlier this month, writer Molly Osberg investigated the stress and financial burden that uninsured pregnant women face. According to Osberg's reporting, uninsured women of color are at an even higher risk for undue stress during pregnancy. Many people are calling for the U.S. maternity healthcare system to be overhauled. For women in the U.S. who aren't wealthy, delivering a child can be cost-prohibitive and even cause unexpected debt — and it's even worse for uninsured women. We're still ooh-ing and aah-ing over the newest royal and anxiously awaiting their name reveal, but their arrival does give us a reason to think about the way childbirth is handled in the U.S.
With its new MDX Sport Hybrid, Acura manages to adapt the DNA of its NSX supercar to a 4,500-pound five-passenger SUV.
The Woodward stoplight turns green. I floor the brake pedal with my left foot. Then I floor the accelerator pedal with the right and the tachometer needle flicks quickly to 1,500 rpms. I drop the brake and the three-row Acura MDX Sport Hybrid rockets forward. My right hand flicks off quick, dual-clutch shifts on the steering-wheel paddle like an NSX supercar.
A sport ute with launch control? No (the above procedure is a standard, electronic “rev-cutoff” feature on most modern cars). But I understand if you start exploding out of stoplights. The battery-assisted MDX is a three-row dragster.
When Honda's luxury brand birthed its second-generation NSX supercar at the Detroit auto show two years ago, some NSX purists moaned. Gone was the raw first-generation Ayton Senna-inspired budget supercar; it had been replaced by a complicated, 3,800-pound $160,000 hybrid robot. The peanut gallery complained the NSX was too exotic to inform a brand whose costliest RLX sedan tops out at $66,000.
Peanuts weren't the only ones who freaked out. Acura North America boss Jon Ikeda concedes the product team was concerned when CEO Takahiro Hachigo demanded the next NSX get with the 21st century by adopting hybrid technology usually found on million-dollar Ferrari LeFerraris and Porsche 919s.
But as the concept sunk in, the engineers saw a method to Hachigo-san's madness.
Honda was determined to make exotic hybrid technology applicable to its affordable luxury brand. The ferocious 573-horsepower, all-wheel drive mid-engine NSX supercar showed off hybrid performance for one-10th the price of a Porsche 918. Next step was to bottle the formula and feed it to every newborn sedan and SUV in the lineup.
The MDX Sport Hybrid is the first application. And, by gum, it works.
The idea of translating sports-car halos to SUVs is nothing new, of course. Porsche's racing spirit breathes in every Cayenne and Macan it makes. And inside every Mazda CX-9 SUV is a playful MX-5 Miata busting to get out.
But the big, three-row MDX is probably the most ambitious application of halo-to-family vehicle that I've experienced. After all, a two-row Cayenne — for all its capabilities — isn't stuffed with the 911's flat-six turbo. And neither is a CX-9 a drop-top roadster. The MDX Sport, however, rips the whole torque-vectoring electric-motor concept out of the rear-wheel-drive NSX platform and adapts it to the MDX's front-wheel-drive platform. Now that's gutsy.
Intoxicated with NSX DNA, the MDX rhino thinks it's a ballerina.
I threw the big ute around Metro Detroit country roads with abandon. The non-hybrid NSX is already a decent athlete with rooted steering and mechanical torque-vectoring AWD adapted from the TLX sedan. The Sport Hybrid takes this to another level by throwing in adaptive dampers and twin electric motors in the rear to spin up the outside wheel for better rotation of the rhino's 4,484-pound mass.
With the motors doing the work in the rear there is no need for a driveshaft connecting engine to aft axle, so Acura has cleverly stored all the hybrid hardware in the basement. That makes for a center of gravity that's an inch lower for the Sport Hybrid.
I toggle the Drive mode to Sport Plus (yes, a three-row SUV with Sport Plus mode) — just like in the NSX — so that the 3-liter engine and 1.6 kWh are at maximum effort. Sport Plus also opens a guttural roar from the exhaust pipes so that the kids in the third row (if I still had tykes small enough to fit in the third row) get the full entertainment experience as I bear down on a poor, unsuspecting Mercedes driver in front of me. Rhino Sport Hybrid comin' through!
This, in my opinion, is how hybrids should be: fuel sippers running on battery one minute, deranged electron-torqued animals the next. Why must e-cars be limited to tree-huggers? Didn't the NSX show us that hybrid drivers can have it all?
Did I mention that the MDX Sport Hybrid gains not only 31 more horsepower than the non-hybrid MDX but 45 percent better fuel economy? It's like low-cal chocolate mousse. Or diet Haagen-Dazs.
All this goodness comes for just $1,500 more than the MDX non-hybrid. Acura predicts the Sport Hybrid will only make up 5 percent of sales but for that kind of bargain, why not 95 percent?
Acura's bet on battery technology puts it in rare air with other stylish three-rows like the (imminent) Audi SQ7 and Volvo XC90 that also offer advanced drivetrains but for much more coin. The Audi, expected to start at over $70,000, sports a supercharged twin-turbo diesel V-8 pushing out 435 horsepower while the Volvo's supercharged turbo 4-banger can reach an eye-watering $105,000.
But while my loaded, $57,475 MDX will go toe-to-toe with these athletes in the ring, style has never been Acura's forte. So Acura cooked up another halo car, the Precision Concept — unveiled at the 2016 Detroit Show — to craft a wardrobe fitting for the brand's new swagger.
The most notable feature of the concept was its so-called “diamond pentagon” grille and the MDX Sport Hybrid is the first Acura to wear it. It's a welcome change from the family's previous mug which was variously panned as a parrot's beak, bucktooth, or bottle-opener. But the real problem with the chrome beak was it looked too much like the chrome nose on sister Honda; it compromised the Acura's claim to be the family's luxury looker.
Covered with diamonds and jewels (Acura's signature 10-LED “jewel-eye” headlamps), the front end is a virtual prom queen. The pentagon grille's detail resembles Mercedes' “diamond-block” grille and draws you into the car.
The same can't be said for the Acura's infotainment system, alas. The confusing, twin-screen system carries over in the MDX with a touchscreen below and a button-controlled navigation screen above (or is it the reverse?). Otherwise the interior design is pleasant if unremarkable.
What is remarkable — as with the Honda Pilot SUV with which the MDX shares a platform — is the family-friendly storage and seats. The configurable central console can swallow a large purse while the one-touch button second row seats make for easy, third-row access for the kids.
Maybe most remarkable about this state-of-the-art hybrid is that Acura doesn't trumpet its hybrid-ness. But for a blue badge on the front quarter panel and the wee battery gauge on the instrument panel, the MDX modestly absorbs its high-tech geegaws.
Its performance is anything but modest. There's an NSX inside waiting to get out ... as that sports sedan gasping in my dust at that Woodward stoplight can attest.
Henry Payne is auto critic for The Detroit News. Find him at hpayne@detroitnews.com or Twitter @HenryEPayne.
2017 Acura MDX Sport Hybrid
Vehicle type Front-engine, all-wheel drive, five-passenger SUV Powerplant 3.0-liter V-6 with electric-motor assist Transmission Seven-speed, dual-clutch automatic Weight 4,484 pounds Price $52,935 ($57,475 as tested) Power 321 horsepower, 289 pound-feet torque Performance 0-60 mph, 5.7 seconds (Car and Driver); no towing recommended Fuel economy EPA est. mpg: 26 city/27 highway /27 combined
Report card
Highs More power, better mpg than standard MDX for just $1,500; easy third-row access Lows Generation-old dual-info screens; towing not recommended
Overall:★★★
Grading scale
Excellent ★★★★Good ★★★Fair ★★Poor ★
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sqN78a
South Korea on Thursday urged North Korea to seek reconciliation and peace as the two rivals marked the 17th anniversary of their first summit.
On June 15, 2000, leaders of South and North Korea held a historic summit in Pyongyang, which produced a landmark joint declaration on reconciliation.
This file photo taken by the Joint Press Corp. on June 13, 2000, shows former South Korean President Kim Dae-jung (right) and his North Korean counterpart Kim Jong-il shaking hands at an airport in Pyongyang as the two Koreas hold their first inter-Korean summit. (Yonhap)
Seoul's unification ministry said that a spirit of reconciliation expressed in the declaration takes on a significance for the current grave inter-Korean ties."By respecting and implementing the joint declaration, the two Koreas should carry out a spirit of seeking peace on the Korean Peninsula and inter-Korean reconciliation," the ministry said.The anniversary came amid heightened tensions sparked by North Korea's nuclear and missile programs. Liberal President Moon Jae-in proclaimed a dual-track approach of pressure and engagement.But North Korea called Moon's policy a "foolish act and self-deception," urging the South to ditch what it called confrontational policies, including Seoul's 2010 unilateral sanctions.It has turned down South Korean civic groups' move for inter-Korean exchanges in protest of Seoul's support of the latest UN sanctions against Pyongyang's nuclear and missile tests.North Korea's agency in charge of inter-Korean ties Wednesday called on South Korea to take actions to ease military tensions along the border. (Yonhap)
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
World Cup winner Lewis Moody is confident the introduction of Sam Simmonds will have an overwhelmingly positive impact on the England back row during the 2018 Six Nations.
Simmonds replaced Nathan Hughes against Argentina in the autumn for his international debut before making his only England start against Samoa a few weeks later.
However, with Billy Vunipola and Hughes both ruled out of the opening two Six Nations fixtures the Exeter Chiefs' No.8 looks set to be a vital component in Eddie Jones's side for the foreseeable future.
The 23-year-old has just one international start under his belt but will earn his fourth cap against Italy in Rome this weekend as England look for a third-straight Six Nations title.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
And Moody, 39, who played 71 times for England in the back row welcomes the different style that Simmonds can bring to Eddie Jones' back row.
“I am glad to see Sam Simmonds given an opportunity, he's not a destructive ball carrier like Hughes and Vunipola but has more of a step and can move like a centre,” he said.
“He can be more of a link man, it's an exciting and different prospective. It's always nice to have variety.
“You are looking for a unique blend across the back row and to have someone completely different is exciting. You need to give these guys the opportunity.”
England are looking for an unprecedented third straight Six Nations title and open their 2018 account on Sunday in Rome against Conor O'Shea's Italy.
And Moody is expecting a comfortable victory for England against a team that has picked up the wooden spoon 12 times since their introduction to the tournament in 2000.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
It's a record which, for Moody, shows that the format of the Six Nations needs to change with relegation to a second-tier tournament introduced sooner rather than later.
Moody, speaking on behalf of Land Rover who support the game from grassroots to elite level, added:“I can't see Italy causing any upset anywhere during the competition which is a shame because Conor O'Shea and Mike Catt are incredible coaches,” he added.
“I just don't believe they have the quality of player or club competition back home to develop the players to compete at this level regularly.
“In the Six Nations each year there's some growth but they never get passed fifth or sixth, it's a good reason why we should see promotion and relegation.
“Give opportunity to other nations, teams like Georgia who are asking for tougher matches. I would like to see relegation as competition for places drives performance.
“I think it would develop the game we love around Europe. I don't see it happening in the near future but definitely think it should happen. It would take a shift in mindset but let's wait and see.”
(Image: Getty Images)
And while all eyes this weekend will be on the Six Nations, Moody claims the key barometer to England's 2019 World Cup chances lies in the autumn when they face world champions New Zealand.
England haven't faced the All Blacks since 2014 but Moody, whose only victory over New Zealand came in 2002, 12 months prior to his own World Cup success, knows the psychological importance of the match-up.
“The important match is New Zealand next year, it gives you belief and confidence when you are playing in a World Cup knowing you have done it before,” Land Rover ambassador, Moody added.
“They are shaping up nicely with 22 wins in 23 games which is quite a feat and they're constantly evolving, developing and gaining more belief.
“If you are number one it does not matter who you play. I would like to think they can get all the players fit, they have a great opportunity to beat New Zealand.
“Knowing you have beaten every side, that belief is all important to winning a World Cup.”
Lewis Moody is a Land Rover ambassador. Land Rover has a heritage in rugby at all levels; from grassroots to elite, supporting the game for two decades. @LandRoverRugby #WeDealInReal
It is in this context that the net gains — from “business combination” and “sale of subsidiary” — should be viewed. The former helped add 2.42 million dinars and the latter brought in another 1.18 million dinars. In 2015, there were no revenues under these heads. Another major contributor to the total was investment income, at 741,826 dinars against the 11,413 dinars in 2015.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A cemetery worker died after he blacked out and fell into a grave he had just dug.
Manuel Gomes, 56, lay unseen for hours until a woman passing by came across him with his hands cold and lips turned blue.
Efforts by paramedics to revive him failed and he was pronounced dead in hospital . It is not yet clear why he lost consciousness and fell into the empty grave.
One friend in Freixo, near Ponte de Lima in Portugal, said: “I spoke to Manuel hours before he died. I still can't believe it.”
Another pal Lucinda Sousa told Portuguese daily Correio da Manha: “I spoke to Manuel hours before he died. I still can't believe it.
“The woman who found him told me his hands were cold and his lips were blue.”
(Photo: Getty)
Ponte de Lima is one of Portugal's oldest towns and was historically important as a Roman settlement on the road from Braga to the Spanish cities of Santiago de Compostela and Lugo.
A gravedigger died in Sweden in 2007 after becoming trapped in a grave he was digging.
Local reports at the time said he lost his life after getting trapped under a three-tonne container with earth he had deposited from the ground when it started sliding into the grave while he was still in it.
In September 2014 a New York groundsman was seriously injured when he tripped over a tombstone and fell into a freshly dug cemetery plot.
“I've really enjoyed it,” Nicky Morgan says of her first few months, with a chuckle.
One wonders whether the new chair of parliament's influential Treasury Committee simply relishes the responsibility — her role has been called the most important non-government job going — or whether she actually takes pleasure in eruptions of political turmoil.
Chancellor...
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
Follow Jeff Add to circle
It's wonderful news that Jaguar is bringing a wagon over to our shores. We don't have enough longroof options here in the States, so the arrival of the XF Sportbrake is very welcome. It certainly helps that this particular model is also rather sharp looking. Also, as a Jaguar, it's quite capable of high speeds as one gent on a pair of skis recently discovered.
Graham Bell grabbed the tow strap affixed to the rear of the Jag wagon. His goal was to set a new top speed record for an individual being towed on skis. Guinness World Records was brought in to verify the attempt.
It all went down up in the Arctic Circle in an area of Arjeplog, Sweden. There on a snow- and ice-covered test circuit, Bell set out to break the record. He did just that by screaming along with an average top speed of 117.48 mph.
Seeing as the XF Sportbrake puts out 380 horsepower and can run up to a limited top speed of 155 mph, Bell has room to give this record another go. Well, that's actually what he'd need–more room, so that the Jaguar wagon could deliver him more Guinness glory.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
Will the Great Unwind Sink Gold? by ARKADIUSZ SIEROŃ , PHD – Sunshine Profits
In the August 2017 edition of the Market Overview, we analyzed the hawkish turn among major central banks. We pointed out that “Europe has recently been among the most surprising positive economic regions in the world”, which should induce the ECB to taper its quantitative easing program in the fall, supporting both the EUR/USD exchange rate and the price of gold. This is exactly what happened.The dollar lost more than 3 percent in 2018 against the euro, while gold jumped above $1,350 (as of January 25). As we noted in the previous edition of the Market Overview, “the beginning of the year is usually a good period for the gold prices.”
And the best might be yet to come. Why? The answer is: the Great Unwind. In the last few years, the Fed was the only hawk in town. When the majority of leading central banks remained very accommodative, the U.S. central bank heroically raised interest rates and started to unwind its balance sheet in a lonely struggle for the normalization of monetary policy. The chart below doesn't show a significant reduction, but we see that the amount of the Fed's assets remained roughly stable since 2015 and started slightly declining recently.
Chart 1: Fed's balance sheet (red line, right axis, in trillion of $) and the gold prices (yellow line, left axis, London P.M. Fix, in $) from 2013 to 2017.
Now, with strong economic momentum in Europe and with the Bank of Japan saying that it would buy fewer long-term bonds, the situation is completely different. Or maybe not, but the investors' expectations changed. And conjectures based on hopes and fears are what drive the markets. So let's look at the premises behind these beliefs.
First, the growing economic recovery in the Eurozone spurs investors to believe that the ECB will tighten its monetary policy sooner rather than later. The minutes from the December 2017 meetingadded fuel to the fire, as investors could read that “members expressed confidence that the euro area economic recovery had now moved into expansionary territory”, which “increased the level of confidence in a sustained return of inflation towards the Governing Council's aim”. Ten yards for euro bulls.
And the political risks may start to abate after the March election in Italy and after German parties form a new government (it is still an unresolved issue, but the main German parties have recently reached a breakthrough in the process, as the Social Democratic Party approved the start of formal coalition negotiations with Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats). Another touchdown.
Second, Japan's economy also started to recover, and the Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda offered a positive view on the economy and inflation. In particular, he said that the core CPI rate was “moving around 1 percent”, an increase from 0 percent three months ago. In the latest quarterly report on regional areas of Japan, the bank also offered its most optimistic view in nearly a decade. The increased inflation and moderate economic expansion prompted investors to believe that the Bank of Japan may wind down its monetary stimulus, especially after the central bank's announcement about fewer Japanese government bonds purchases.
Last but not least, other central banks could also cut back on their asset purchases. In particular, the Swiss National Bank is under less pressure to buy foreign assets as the Swiss franc weakened substantially, returning more or less to the level before the currency was de-pegged. So if the SNB normalizes its monetary policy, it may shake the asset markets.
What does it all mean for the gold market? On the one hand, less dovish central banks would imply softer demand for Treasuries and higher bond yields, which gold shouldn't welcome. On the other hand, the rising expectations of more hawkish ECB and BoJ are likely to sink the U.S. dollar. Indeed, the euro hit a three-year high in mid-January amid rising market odds of an ECB interest rate hike in 2018. Similarly, optimistic comments from BoJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda sent the yen to a four-month high against the U.S. dollar. As a result, gold prices rallied, which signals that the currency channel is more important for the yellow metal than the yield channel, at least in the short run.
Moreover, any surprising monetary tightening in Japan could be the trigger that will halt the current rally in the global stock market, which could be positive for gold, as an alternative asset class. Theoretically, the same applies to the Eurozone, but a paradigm shift in Japan is likely to have a larger impact, as a ECB hawkish turn is more widely expected. And investors shouldn't forget that many important trends started in Japan – remember January 2016, when BoJ introduced negative interest rates?
To sum up, given the global economic recovery, it seems that the major central banks may adopt a more hawkish stances soon. The Fed has already started unwinding its vast balance sheet and hiked the federal funds rate a few times. The U.S. central bank is expected to continue its gradual tightening this year, but this has been largely priced into gold (although, the new FOMC may be more hawkish than expected). Meanwhile, although the normalization may not come quickly, investors are quite sensitive to changes in the prospects of the monetary policies in the Eurozone and Japan. Hence, there is room for further declines in the U.S. dollar – the strongest tailwind for gold.
If you enjoyed the above analysis and would you like to know more about the most important macroeconomic factors influencing the price of gold, we invite you to read the February Market Overview report. If you're interested in the detailed price analysis and price projections with targets, we invite you to sign up for our Gold & Silver Trading Alerts. If you're not ready to subscribe yet and are not on our gold mailing list yet, we urge you to sign up. It's free and if you don't like it, you can easily unsubscribe. Sign up today.
Thank you.
Arkadiusz Sieron, Ph.D.
Sunshine Profits‘ Gold News Monitor and Market Overview Editor
Gold News Monitor
Gold Trading Alerts
Gold Market Overview
Sharing is caring!
Houston Woman Celebrates Independence Day With The Wrong Flag When her grandson was looking at the World Cup schedule, he noticed that her July Fourth shirt is the Panamanian flag, the BBC reports. She plans to continue wearing the shirt — it's tradition.
Kabul
Several senior members of Daesh's central Asian affiliate were killed in a US air strike in Afghanistan, officials said on Sunday.
The attack on Thursday killed Abdul Rahman, identified by the US military as the Kunar provincial emir for Daesh of Iraq and Syria-Khorasan, according to a statement from the command in Kabul.
“The death of Abdul Rahman deals yet another blow to the senior leadership of Daesh-K,” said General John Nicholson, the senior US commander in Afghanistan.
Three other senior Daesh-K members were also among those killed in the strike in eastern Kunar province.
Nicholson has vowed to defeat Daesh militants in Afghanistan this year. The group's emir, Abu Sayed, was reported killed in a strike on his headquarters in Kunar in July, the third Daesh emir in Afghanistan to be killed since July 2016.
In April, Nicholson deployed a 21,600-pound (9,797 kg) “Massive Ordnance Air Blast” bomb against Daesh positions in neighboring Nangarhar province, one of the largest conventional weapons ever used by the United States in combat.
On Saturday, Afghan officials said as many as 16 civilians, including women and children, had been killed by a US air strike in Nangarhar, but American officials said only militants were killed.
As part of an increased campaign against both Daesh and the Taliban, the dominant Islamist militant group in Afghanistan, the US Air Force has dropped nearly 2,000 weapons in the country as of the end of July, compared to fewer than 1,400 in all of last year.
Despite some battlefield successes by Afghan and American special operations troops, Daesh has continued deadly attacks around Afghanistan, fueling fears that the group is seeking to bring the group's Middle East conflict to Central Asia.—Agencies
Washington
Some elements of the Taliban in Afghanistan are showing interest in peace talks, the top US commander in Kabul said on Wednesday, citing “off stage” contacts involving what he described as mid- and high-level leaders of the insurgency.—AP
Ashton Kevon Greenhouse, 20, was being held in the Oakland County Jail on an unrelated weapons charge from earlier this year, said police. (Photo: File)
A Pontiac man was arraigned Monday in a drive-by shooting in 2016 that killed a woman and injured three other people.
Ashton Kevon Greenhouse, 20, was being held in the Oakland County Jail on an unrelated weapons charge from earlier this year, said police.
He is charged in the 2016 shooting with killing Aniya Edwards, 19, who had traveled from Tennessee to Pontiac to visit relatives, said the Oakland County Sheriff's Office.
Greenhouse allegedly fired the shots from a vehicle driving with its lights off on Thorpe Street on the evening of Aug. 5, 2016, said the Sheriff's Office.
He was charged with first-degree murder, conspiracy to commit murder, three counts of assault with intent to murder and five counts of possession of a firearm.
During his arraignment Monday at 50th District Court, Greenhouse was given no bond. His next court appearance is 1:30 p.m. Aug. 22.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uIM9Cg
LAHORE, Jan 2 (APP): Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research Sikandar Hayat Bosan on Monday ruled out any issue of food security, citing that Pakistan has surplus stocks of wheat, rice, corn, sugar and other commodities.
Talking to the media after having a meeting with All Pakistan Textile Mills Association (APTMA) President (Punjab) Aamir Fayyaz and other office-bearers here at APTMA House, he said the country had a bumper crop of maze with regard to per acre yield and as whole production in the region, adding that corn yield was also very high this season. Though several crops, including gram, were affected due to low rate of rains and other environmental factors in the country, crops production would improve as rains expected next month, he maintained.
To a question, the minister said greater focus was needed on crops research for having enhanced agri produces for which industry, the farming sector and the government would have to put in joint efforts.
Bosan mentioned that ‘Plant Breeders Rights Bill' and ‘Seed Amendment Bill' had recently been passed in parliament, terming it a major breakthrough in the agriculture sector as it would enable the private sector to also conduct crops research at its own that would not only help improve overall agri produces in the country but also lead to increase in industrial exports.
To another question, he said the government tried to ensure payment to farmers and growers for their produces in accordance with international price and when compared to past years, the cotton growers received comparatively better prices of their produces this year. No doubt, prices of different commodities were depressed not only in Pakistan but also in the world, however, the government made every effort for ensuring better rebate to growers.
Regarding relief package for textile industry, he said a decision to this effect would be taken at the highest level after having thorough consultations with ministries of Textile, Finance, and Commerce, adding that his ministry would also give its input accordingly.
Sikandar Bosan assured the APTMA office-bearers of his full support in resolving their problems pertaining to his ministry.
Earlier, APTMA President (Punjab) Aamir Fayyaz said they wanted to increase textile sector's exports from US $ 12 billion at present to US $ 20 billion by year 2020.
He underscored that industry, the farming sector and government would have to work as a team to achieve this great task.
WASHINGTON — Mexico's next president is a fiery left-wing populist and nationalist who says he won't be Donald Trump's “pinata” and says he will bring “profound” change to his country. But he also says he won't change anything much about NAFTA negotiations.
Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, winner of Mexico's presidential election, waves during a rally at Zocalo square in Mexico City on July 1, 2018. Lopez Obrador's chief negotiator, Jesus Seade, has said they will make no new demands of the U.S. and Canada with regards to NAFTA negotiations. ( Cesar Rodriguez / Bloomberg )
Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a longtime NAFTA critic turned recent NAFTA supporter, has worked since last year to reassure proponents of the North American free trade pact. Since his landslide election on Sunday, his team has gone further. In interviews this week, his chief negotiator, Jesus Seade, has said they will make no new demands of the U.S. and Canada. “I do have ideas on things to explore to try to find a movement that's maybe satisfactory to both sides, but not new demands, I mean not bringing in new issues...that would be very disruptive and it's not in our interest,” Seade, a former World Trade Organization economist, told Inside U.S. Trade. “No new demands, and the flip side of that — no rejections of positions taken up [until] now by the Mexican side.”
Article Continued Below
The negotiations have been stalled over contentious demands from the Trump administration. One of the biggest disagreements is over a Trump proposal to exempt a North American car from tariffs only if a certain percentage is produced by workers earning a wage much higher than workers currently earn in Mexico. Some analysts had speculated that Lopez Obrador might be more accommodating to this proposal than the current president, business-friendly Enrique Pena Nieto, since Lopez Obrador campaigned on raising wages for low-paid Mexican workers. But Seade, like Pena Nieto's officials, said a trade deal should not be used to force wage hikes on particular sectors. Pena Nieto has largely chosen to play down Trump's insults of his county. Lopez Obrador, known for his combative rhetoric, wrote a book called Listen Up, Trump, and he vowed during his campaign to push back forcefully. But he has struck a more conciliatory note since his victory, telling Televisa, “We are not going to fight.” He also said he would act with “prudence” in response to inflammatory tweets. “Lopez Obrador's skin is much thicker than Pena Nieto's,” said Horacio A. Lopez-Portillo, a trade lawyer at Vazquez Tercero & Zepeda in Mexico. “I think he's too much of a pragmatist to let himself be swayed by something crass or something offensive.”
Lopez Obrador, widely called AMLO, is known for his invective against political elites and corporate tycoons he says have been part of a corrupt “mafia of power.” But he showed a pragmatic side as mayor of Mexico City from 2000 to 2005, partnering with a billionaire on a major redevelopment project. He has promised not to expropriate property or nationalize companies. “He may use sharp rhetoric, but he is very pragmatic and measured as a political leader. Are we likely to have unpredictability? Absolutely, but that will be coming from the U.S.,” said Harley Shaiken, chair of the Center for Latin American Studies at the University of California, Berkeley.
Article Continued Below
Lopez Obrador's party, the National Regeneration Movement (Morena), will control both houses of Congress. Many Mexican business leaders, foreign investors and outside analysts remain skeptical of his professed moderation. “Right now he has maintained a moderate tone, he has been conciliatory. But the real question is: is this really just a discourse or has Lopez Obrador changed his views? And my fear is that it is the former rather than the latter,” said Hugo Perezcano, an official at Mexico's economy ministry for 20 years who are now deputy director of economic law at the Centre for International Governance Innovation. Perezcano argued Lopez Obrador will be less inclined to fight for the preservation of NAFTA than Pena Nieto is. “If ultimately the NAFTA fails and he can blame Trump for it, I don't see that that would be a result Lopez Obrador would find as terrible as the current administration seems to have found,” he said. Despite Seade's insistence that Lopez Obrador will not make new NAFTA demands, Lopez Obrador has not renounced campaign promises on agriculture and energy that may sit uneasily with the U.S. and Canada. Lopez Obrador's base includes farmers and ex-farmers who have suffered as U.S. imports have spiked under NAFTA. During the campaign, he pledged to increase Mexico's agricultural self-sufficiency by imposing price floors for homegrown corn, beans and other key items. “His whole economic platform is oriented toward reinvigorating the domestic market, which feels it's been abandoned, and the countryside, including with government programs — some of which could possibly be prohibited under NAFTA,” said Laura Carlsen, Mexico City-based director of the Americas program at the left-leaning Center for International Policy. In 2017, Lopez Obrador told the Wall Street Journal that NAFTA must “include migration issues.” Trump also says he wants to include immigration issues in NAFTA, but from an opposite, anti-immigration perspective. Carlsen said it would be a “big disappointment” if Lopez Obrador did not raise labour mobility issues. She added: “Of course, if they did bring it up, and talk about it, they would get nowhere.” Lopez Obrador does not take office until Dec. 1. Before that, some of his negotiators will join Pena Nieto's NAFTA team. With the U.S. congressional mid-terms in November, it appears unlikely a deal will be struck before Lopez Obrador's inauguration.
RAWALPINDI, Aug 14 (APP): Floats of Mazar-i-Quaid and Ziarat
Residency at special Azadi Train attracted large crowds at
Rawalpindi Railway Station on Monday.
Quaid i Azad Muhammad Ali Jinnah's historic pictures and
cultural heritage displayed in galleries also attracted all and
sundry.
A senior citizen Khalid said that the Azadi Train had been
beautifully decorated and especially the historical pictures of our
Founder Leader were very precious asset.
Tufail Ahmed another visitor taking selfie with Quaid
residency replica said that it had been very beautifully prepared.
He lauded the Pakistan Railway for arranging Azadi Train, adding
that people loved to know the history of our beloved country.
Other visitors also highly appreciated the cultural floats
depicting the culture of all four provinces including Gilgit
Baltistan and Azad Jammu Kashmir.
A large number of school students also visited Azadi Train and
took keen interest in the cultural floats and historical galleries.
A teacher, Gul Meena said that it was really great day for her
students to visit such a beautiful Azadi Train.
She said her students really were very happy to visit Azadi Train.
The business community of Rawalpindi also lauded federal
government for arranging special Azadi train on the occasion of 70th
Independence Day.
The Azadi Train has three different parts, consisting of six
cultural floats, five galleries and six operational vehicles.
Watching my guest Josh Ritter stand on stage and perform, you would swear that his feet aren't touching the ground. It looks like he's been lifted straight up by the music he's playing, somewhere between standing on his tip toes and actual levitation. His smile is huge. And you get this overwhelming sense of joy.
But Ritter says the music on his new record, Gathering, reflects four different moods, all vying for attention: Uncertainty, Mania, Laughter and Sadness. He identified them in a piece he wrote for NPR before Gathering came out, and when I read Ritter's piece, I was curious about where and how those ideas fit in. We found out in this session.
Ritter has been releasing records for almost 20 years now. His last visit to World Cafe took place in 2015 around the release of his record Sermon on the Rocks. The following year he co-wrote Blue Mountain, the solo album from Bob Weir of the Grateful Dead. This year, Ritter's Gathering features a duet with Weir on a song called "When Will I Be Changed"; that's one Ritter says falls into the "Sadness" category. And, oh boy, does it ever. Hear the complete session in the player above.
LAHORE, Apr 17 (APP): Showing all round skills and superior technique,
Punjab's kick boxers led their side to the title of the 10th National
kick boxing there on Monday.
Punjab accumulated 45 points to remain all times kings of the
two day premier activity, out shining their respective opponents
with a rousing display of prowess and aggressive punching and
kicking.
Khyber Pakthoon Khawa occupied the second place having
won 35 points and Azad Kashmir secured the third place 25 points.
Punjab gained another distinction when their ace player
Muhammad Umer was declared the best kick boxer of the meet
in a competition of ten teams.
After the finals, Chief Guests, Shaikh Rohail Asghar MNA
who is also the Chairman of Punjab Olympic Association and
Amjad Ali, Chief Operating officer, Masters Molty Foam,
the sponsors of the event, distributed the prizes and
trophies among the winners.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Pakistan Volleyball Federation (PVF) is about to hire services of Iranian coach ‘Hamid Movahedi'to tarined the national junior and senior team players.
Talking to Radio Tehran, PVF chairman Chaudhry Mohammad Yaqoob has said that we are very close to sign a contract with Hamid Movahedi adding that the Pakistani officials have ‘talked to Iran Volleyball Federation (IVF) and have also written to the Pakistan Sports Board (PSB).
Yaqoob described Movahedi as a highly qualified and a good specialist person to coach and train Pakistan's both senior and junior national volleyball teams.
He said Movahedi has coached Nepal national Volleyball team last year and has a good experience with Iranian professional teams. It would be after eight years that Pakistan is to hire a foreign volleyball coach, he added.
Ali Reza Moammeri' of Iran was the last foreign coach that Pakistan hired in 2007-08. Ali Reza created history when he guided Pakistan to a bronze medal, their first, in the 26 years history of the Asian Junior Volleyball Championship in Iran in 2008.
From May 1-9, Pakistan will take part in the Asian Under-23 Championship in Iran. Pakistan's camp for this event has already
been held at Peshawar. Pakistan senior team will feature in the
Islamic Games to be hosted by Azerbaijan in Baku from May 12-22.
A new night of great music comes to the city tomorrow (Friday) when The Lightbox on Bridge Street launches Electronic with DJ Anthony Thornhill.
It is a new night showcasing the best electronic grooves old and new.
The Lightbox
There will be no one particular style, but more a focus on great tunes from solo producers right through to indie bands who add electronic sounds into their songs.
The vibe will be relaxed to begin with and will get a little more groovy as the night goes on.
Expect old classics from the likes of Massive Attack and Primal Scream right through to some modern day house and indie bands from 9pm-1am. Free entry all night.
Arrive early (from 6,30pm-9.30pm) and there is a pop-up with Nick from Embe2Go, with everything African and Caribbean from vegan dishes to the usual winter killer... jerk!
Then, on Saturday, Eclectic Ballroom will be back doing their stuff with the best of soul, disco and funk.
Read more: What's on in and around Peterborough, 7-13 December
After seeing several behind-the-scenes images of Margot Robbie transforming into Elizabeth I for her new film, Mary, Queen of Scots, we finally have the first official photo of the Aussie actress in her regal upcoming role.
The still, shared by Entertainment Weekly, shows Robbie standing tall as the 16th-century monarch, donning a ruff collar, voluminous sleeves, an embroidered corset, and a crown that merely peeks out from behind her curly red locks. Two maids tend to her as she looks ahead, completely poised.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The second photo features Saorise Ronan (Lady Bird) as Mary Stuart with a group of men on horseback. The 23-year-old Irish actress also underwent a transformation, trading in her dirty blonde hair for yellow-orange tresses.
The film follows Mary Stuart's life after she becomes a widowed Queen of France and returns to her homeland of Scotland to claim the throne. Tensions arise between her and Queen Elizabeth I, who rules over England and Stuart's native country.
"Everyone manipulated their relationship," Robbie told EW. "It's complicated, it's tragic, and it's bizarre. The only other person in the world who could understand the position they were in was each other."
In addition to Mary Stuart, Queen Elizabeth was also fighting smallpox. Robbie's costume reflected the illness with layers of prosthetics and makeup to give off the appearance of scars. The blemishes were even noticeable from afar in the behind-the-scenes photos.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
SplashNews
Flynet - Splash
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Robbie revealed that the heavy makeup on her face made her feel almost "inhuman" and that members of the crew would avoid looking at her. "It was nothing intentional," she told EW, "but I could see that it was uncomfortable for them, and the less they looked at me, the more isolated I felt."
Mary, Queen of Scots releases on November 2, 2018.
The DeLorean DMC-12 is a curious case in the automotive timeline. It was eye-catching and promised great things. But in the end, it failed miserably. Thanks to a new video from Donut Media, we now have the whole story surrounding what happened to arguably one of the most iconic cars in modern history.
John DeLorean, the founder of DeLorean Motor Company, took everything he learned from his extensive automotive career at Chrysler, AMC, and General Motors and put it in one basket. Thus, the DMC-12 was born. It featured a stainless steel body to keep weight down, a platform and suspension by Lotus' founder, and an engine from Peugeot, Renault, and Volvo. Outside of some engineering bright spots, not much else went right for DeLorean.
The company desperately needed funds and Mr. DeLorean was determined to seek out private investment over an initial public offering, but the option remained on the table. Unfortunately, the IPO never happened because the FBI set up the DeLorean founder and planted 59 pounds of cocaine. The FBI then alleged DeLorean was attempting to finance a drug trafficking ring to, in turn, finance the failing DeLorean Motor Company. The company declared bankruptcy almost immediately after his arrest, and even though a jury would find him not guilty, the damage was done.
One of the most interesting parts of the story is the IPO potential. If DeLorean himself had publicly traded his company, the DMC-12 just might have been a roaring success. However, the flunk of DeLorean Motor Company hasn't stopped a generation from falling in love with the car, with special thanks to a certain film series: "Back To The Future."
Today, a Texas company plans to build 300 replica DMC-12s with leftover parts from the 1980s, though when they'll actually get production up and running remains to be seen. An even better DeLorean could come even farther into the future. John DeLorean's nephew, Paul DeLorean, has divulged plans to build a flying car of sorts and expects a prototype to be ready next year. Now, wouldn't that be something?
An estimated $2.2 billion (Dh8.1 billion) worth of projects moved into construction mode in Dubai during December. That pushed the project tally for the full year to 2,508, according to BNC Construction Analytics. Some of Dubai's current multi-billion dollar projects include Dubai Metro Red Line Extension, part of the Expo 2020 initiative; Container Terminal 4 of the Jebel Ali Port Expansion project and the Royal Atlantis Resort and Residences located on the Palm. The announcement of the ‘Dubai Harbour' in January will see the construction of a waterfront development spanning more than 20 million square feet. This year, BNC estimates 4,000 active projects for an estimated value of $313.6 billion. This includes those in the concept, design, tender, under construction and on-hold phases.
Published:
Former Governor of Kaduna state Ramalan Yero was on Wednesday detained by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). He was detained alongside former Peoples Democratic Party Chairman in Kaduna Haruna Gaiya; former Minister of State for Power Nuhu Way; and former Secretary to Kaduna State government Hamza Ishaq at the EFCC zonal office in Kaduna.
Yero and the others have been under investigation by EFCC since 2016 over the disbursement of the N750 million PDP campaign fund before the 2015 general election. Spokesman of the EFCC in Kaduna, Kamaludeen Gebi, said the four accused persons will be arraigned at a Federal high court sitting in Kaduna on Thursday.
He said they would be charged for money laundering, criminal conspiracy, misappropriation of public funds among others. The four accused were at the EFCC office last Friday and were later released after they were questioned for more than four hours.
Share This
Lebanon Ford 550 HP Mustang Ecoboost Enlarge Photo
Lebanon Ford, the Ohio-based dealership responsible for some of the best bang-for-your-buck Mustang modifications, is back again. This time, Lebanon Ford Performance has tackled the Mustang EcoBoost, and it has quite the proposal for pony car fans.
For $32,995, Lebanon Ford will massage 550 horsepower from the 2.3-liter turbocharged 4-cylinder engine. The car is called the LFP 550 and it includes the base price of a Mustang EcoBoost ($27,095) with a manual transmission, plus all necessary modifications. Five hundred and fifty horses for the price of a bone-stock Mustang GT and the power of a GT350 isn't a bad value proposition, folks. In fact, it's downright impressive. LFP says with the demise of the Mustang's V-6 engine, it needed to fill the void left for those not seeking a V-8-powered pony car. A giant turbo sure is one way to do it.
Said turbo comes in the form of a single 7670 EFR Turbocharger Kit from Borg-Warner, which is refined and cleaned up with a Cobb Accessport and a custom tune from VMP Performance. Supposedly, 550 hp is a conservative figure when all is said and done. LFP adds an upgraded intercooler and an oil catch can for good measure. Although this is totally doable with a base Mustang EcoBoost, LFP recommends opting for the $1,995 EcoBoost Performance package, which is only offered on the $32,890 EcoBoost Premium model. This package adds other go-fast goodies such as a limited-slip rear axle, larger 19-inch wheels, larger brakes, revised suspension tuning, and additional cooling. With its modifications, LFP claims a quarter-mile time of 11.2 seconds isn't far-fetched with a set of dedicated drag radials.
Have you already purchased a Mustang EcoBoost? No problem, says LFP. The little Ohio Ford store will happily take in a previously purchased Mustang EcoBoost and work its magic for a standalone package price of $7,699, still achieving the 550-hp figure.
Now we have three bargain performance machines from LFP. LFP 550 joins the 727-hp Mustang GT LFP 727 and the 1,200-hp twin-turbo LFP Hellion. The latter costs just $45,499 for a four-digit power figure. Crazy? You bet. Awesome? No doubt.
The report says search and rescue authorities were not aware of the capsizing for 45 minutes because the crew didn't have time to transmit a distress call and it was only by chance that they were able to activate a flare, alerting rescuers nearby.
The board also recommends that passenger vessels across Canada adopt risk-management processes that identify hazards, such as areas known to have large, breaking waves.
Six people, five Britons and one Australian, died in the capsizing and 21 others were rescued on Oct. 25, 2015, near the resort community of Tofino.
The board makes three recommendations after the fatal capsizing, including that all commercial passenger vessels operating beyond sheltered waters carry emergency radio beacons that indicate their positions.
VANCOUVER—The Transportation Safety Board says a large, breaking wave hit a whale-watching vessel off British Columbia's coast in October 2015, overturning the boat and dumping passengers and crew into the water.
Clinton Rebeiro, the investigator in charge for the board, said offshore waves travelling over a rising ocean floor and meeting opposing tides can cause waves to become higher or steeper, but determining when that will happen “is almost impossible to predict.”
In the days after the capsizing, the board said many passengers were standing on the top deck on one side of the ship when a large wave hit the opposite side, rolling the boat and sending the passengers and crew into the water.
“The nature of sea and the process that combine to form breaking waves in shallow areas are complex,” he told a news conference Wednesday in Vancouver.
In the case of the Leviathan II, the wave was about the height of the top of the bridge, Rebeiro said.
Court documents filed last year by the vessel's owner in response to a civil lawsuit by several passengers describe the event as an “act of God” that could not have been reasonably predicted.
Survivors described being thrown into the ocean without life jackets, grabbing hold of a single life ring that floated in the waves.
In a statement, Jamie's Whaling Station said the company has spent money to equip its boats with manually inflatable personal flotation devices to be worn by passengers on outer decks, in addition to the life-jackets that are required by Transport Canada.
It has also reinstated the use of the radio beacons that were recommended by the board, improved radio call in procedures between its offices and tour vessels, and made it easier to launch life-rafts by installing cradles that do not require lifting by the crew.
“We know that lives were lost and appreciate that no amount of reflection or promises can bring those people back to their loved ones,” the statement says. “We will continue working together with our industry to ensure we all provide the safest possible experience to our guests and ensure we not only meet but exceed safety regulations. We know the well-being of our passengers and crew depends on us and we take that responsibility seriously.”
The role of the safety board is to investigate marine, pipeline, rail and aviation incidents but it does not assign fault or determine civil or criminal liability.
The RCMP are also investigating the incident and Cpl. Tammy Douglas said Tuesday the file remains open pending the report.
Statistics from the Transportation Safety Board show that between Jan. 1, 2010, and the Leviathan sinking in 2015, there were 23 “reportable occurrences” involving whale-watching boats in Canada. None were fatal but five of the incidents resulted in six people being seriously injured. Thirteen of those 23 occurrences took place in B.C.
There were two incidents in Canada involving whale-watching vessels before 2010, both of which were in B.C., where four people died and three were seriously injured.7
TORONTO — Calvin Pickard made 31 saves and the Toronto Marlies scored four times in the first period before defeating the Laval Rocket 7-1 on Saturday in American Hockey League action.
Rinat Valiev, Trevor Moore, Andreas Johnsson, Ben Smith, Nikita Soshnikov, Colin Greening and Dmytro Timashov supplied the offence for Toronto (34-11-1), which improved to 12-0-1 in its last 13 games. Jeremy Bracco tacked on three assists for the Maple Leafs' AHL affiliate.
Markus Eisenschmid responded in the third period for the Rocket (17-23-7), who had their losing streak extended to four games. Charlie Lindgren stopped 27 shots for the Montreal Canadiens' farm club.
The Marlies scored once on two power plays and Laval was scoreless on two opportunities.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
She's always been an outspoken reality TV star.
But Luisa Zissman may have taken that a step too far, this week - after comparing Melanie B to "Micheal Jackson" because of her skin tone.
The 30-year-old took to Instagram on Saturday where she openly criticised the singer's appearance in a recent Spice Girls group shot.
Specifically, she suggested the newly-single star looks suspiciously lighter than her pop debut in the 1990s.
(Image: luisazissman/Instagram)
"Omg! literally did NOT realise this was Mel B at first," Luisa said. "WHAT HAPPENED TO HER FACE?! She looks like a totally different person!!"
Adding further analysis, she then posted a video to Instagram, which said: "Did you all look at the picture? She looks Michael Jackson-esque.
"I'm trying to think how to be politically correct, but f*** being PC.
"This is what happens when you have too much money and too many insecurities. You look like that".
(Image: luisazissman/Instagram)
(Image: luisazissman/Instagram)
Naturally, plenty of people were quick to get offended on Mel's behalf, deriding the observations as borderline racist.
One said: "You are supposed to be an intelligent woman yet you couldn't figure out immediately who the beautiful lady was sitting with the other 4 spice girls?
"Get real. You just wanted to spark controversy yet again."
Another said: "Don't think it's for you to comment on".
(Image: Hulton Archive)
However, Luisa was having no nonsense. She quickly responded and clarified her position.
"In response to some comments - I haven't said she looks better or worse, just that facially she looks VERY different," she said on Instagram. "I mean how can you change your face & expect no remarks?
"So all those saying I'm bringing her down I'm not at all simple making an observation..."
An appeals court on Wednesday upheld a lower court's decision to fine a ruling party lawmaker for providing false information to voters ahead of the parliamentary elections last year.
The Seoul High Court dismissed the appeal by Rep. Ham Jin-gyu of the Liberty Korea Party and ordered him to pay a 900,000 won($787) fine -- 100,000 won shy of the amount that may cause him to lose his parliamentary seat under the Public Official Election Act.
This photo, taken on Jan. 26, 2017, shows Rep. Ham Jin-gyu of the ruling Liberty Korea Party speaking during a press conference at the National Assembly in Seoul. (Yonhap)
If the ruling is confirmed by the Supreme Court, he will retain his status as a lawmaker.In October, the two-term lawmaker was indicted on the charges that he included the lifting of the development ban on his constituency in Siheung on the outskirts of Seoul as part of his achievements in reports distributed to voters between December 2015 and June last year.But the so-called green belt restriction was removed in late 2010 before he was first elected to the National Assembly in 2012.The appellate court said that the lower court's conviction appears to be "sufficiently appropriate," despite Ham's claim that he included the deregulation as part of "objective facts." (Yonhap)
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
This fall, Amazon made a play to become your new alarm clock with the introduction of a combination smart speaker and clock called the Echo Spot. Today, the company is adding a new feature that will make the Spot – or any other Alexa device – function more like a traditional radio alarm clock, with the introduction of music alarms.
According to Amazon, Alexa device owners can now choose to wake up to music from their preferred streaming service, including Amazon's own Prime Music or Amazon Music Unlimited, as well as others supported by its devices, including Spotify, Pandora, TuneIn, SiriusXM and iHeartRadio.
The feature works similarly to how you request music today via Alexa – that is, you can ask for artist names, songs, playlists, genres, or even by song lyrics, in the case that you don't know the song's title.
The lyrics feature, as well as requests for music by mood or for specific activities, only works with Amazon Music, however.
For example, you can request alarms like “pop music for running at 5 AM” or “the song that goes ‘I've paid my dues time after time' at 7 AM” suggests Amazon. You can also request to be woken up to music genres like rock, pop, 80s music and others, specific songs, or music from favorite artists. Or, if you just want to be woken up to anything but an alarm, you can ask Alexa to simply wake you up at a given time to “music.”
The alarm feature also doesn't have to be configured every night. If you wake up at the same time, you can ask Alexa to wake you up “every day” at a certain time.
To configure the alarm, you speak commands such as “Alexa, wake me up at…”, “wake me up to…,” or “set an alarm,” says Amazon.
The feature will work on any Alexa-powered device, not just Amazon Echo smart speakers, the company says. The only exception is Fire TV, which doesn't support alarms because TVs are typically powered off at night.
The company notes the ability to set music alarms was a top-requested feature from Alexa device owners, which is why it's rolling out the addition today.
The change, though somewhat minor, makes buying an additional Echo device for the bedroom something more people may consider. Amazon had targeted this market in particular with the Echo Spot alarm clock's launch, though many customers had already begun using the smaller Echo Dot in their bedroom before its arrival.
Amazon has been heavily pushing its Echo hardware line this holiday season, with deep discounts during the Black Friday sales holiday, which made the Echo Dot the best seller. The company is now continuing to offer reduced prices on almost all Echo devices, including the Echo Show, Echo Plus, new Echo, and Echo Dot.
Hello and welcome to the Cambridge News live blog, here to bring you all the traffic and travel news from across the county, and beyond.
For the latest news on the accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14, M11 and A1, that might affect your journey, check out the updates as they happen below.
Delays and cancellations on the trains, affecting commuters heading into and out of London, and across Cambridgeshire, will be updated in the blog, and we will also be reporting on flight cancellations and delays to affect Stansted Airport.
Do let us know if you spot anything that may affect your morning commute to work - send us a tweet on Twitter@CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page.
After an eventful (and sometimes challenging) year for Soylent, co-founder Rob Rhinehart announced today that he will resign as the meal replacement shake company's chief executive officer. That position will be taken over by Bryan Crowley, the president of Soylent's parent company Rosa Foods.
In his post, Rhinehart said that since Soylent is no longer in the early startup stage, he “decided to pass the reins to a new CEO with more management and industry experience.” Crowley joined Rosa Foods in June after twenty years working in the food industry, most recently as chief strategy officer at kombucha maker KeVita, which was acquired by PepsiCo in December 2016.
Rhinehart, who will continue as Soylent's executive chairman and largest shareholder, added that Crowley “has been Soylent's president for the better part of a year and has already had an untold positive impact improving our distribution, marketing, supply chain, product and organization—all the things a good CEO should do. We have put in place a three-year roadmap for the business, and I have completely confidence in the leadership's team ability to execute it.”
Soylent has raised about $74.5 million in funding, including a $50 million Series B round led by GV that closed earlier this year. Mocked as an example of Silicon Valley's obsession with lifehacking when it was founded in 2013, Soylent has nonetheless managed to go mainstream. It is now the bestseller in Amazon's meal replacement drink category and began a distribution deal with 7-Eleven in July.
But it's also faced several setbacks recently. In fall 2016, Soylent halted production of Soylent Powder and Soylent Bars after its products made some customers ill, then began shipping again after reformulating its powder. Soylent was dealt another blow in October when Canada's food safety agency said its products failed to meet all requirements for meal replacements, forcing it to stop sales in the country until the issue is resolved.
Featured Image: Getty Images
Sex abuse gets ex-West Texas detective 20 years in prison
BIG SPRING (AP) — A former West Texas police detective has been sentenced to 20 years in prison after his conviction of sex crimes against children. A Howard County jury sentenced former Big Spring police detective Joel Rojo (ROH'-hoh) on Friday after convicting him on multiple counts of indecency with a child and other sex crimes. Rojo also must register as a sex offender. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
The Stuff of Life
Reviewed by Robert Foreman
February 14, 2017
Philosophical and inspirational, these essays wind toward grand ideas.
In his collection of essays, The Stuff of Life, Asif Zaidi takes on a series of often grand subjects and makes them relevant to the lives people lead, distilling the wisdom of thinkers both ancient and modern to assist him.
Divided into categories such as “Soulful Reflections” and “Human Relations,” Zaidi's essays approach a wide range of subjects, more often large than small, with one essay providing an overview of human evolution, while another expounds on the history of liberalism.
The collection is at its best when the essays are more instructive than contemplative, as in the chapter “On Forgiveness,” which asserts that forgiveness is not felt, but deliberately done. The essay uses the example of Nelson Mandela forgiving a cruel prison warden as inspiration, concluding, “Forgiveness is a choice we make regardless of the content we are grappling with.” Such lessons are plain and useful.
Other high points include essays that entail personal disclosures, such as “Saying Goodbye to Corporate Life,” an essay on retirement that explores some of its great benefits, as well as its surprising challenges. Essays benefit from the inclusion of details from their author's life, which provide a firm basis for the insights that are on offer.
Some of the essays in The Stuff of Life lack that firm basis. “Know Thyself” complicates a Platonic imperative, asking whether there even is a self that may be known. Zaidi addresses the subject in an erudite fashion, but without a palpable sense of purpose or direction. Such essays do not move toward conclusions so much as they do dwell on their topics with skepticism.
Some subjects are too grand for short essays, as with “God or No God: A Moral Question?” Paragraphs sometimes assert disconnected ideas within essays, leaping from one aspect of a problem to the next. The writing is clear, and the ideas are plain, but often the points of essays are lost.
“The Joy of Reading,” on the other hand, is an essay-length admission that Zaidi rarely finds the time to read the way he wishes he could, with full attention to what he is reading, without distraction, and in which the author's personal insights into his own life and mind result in a collection high point.
The Stuff of Life takes on a broad range of subjects, using the words of great thinkers and the author's own insights. For readers with a casual interest in philosophy, and those in search if some inspiration of their own, there is much here that is rewarding.
Manchester United West Ham United: Player Ratings
We analyse every player's performance during the Premier League game between Manchester United and West Ham United at Old Trafford
by Shuvam Sinha Player ratings 14 Aug 2017, 10:15 IST
Romelo Lukaku made his United debut against West Ham
Romelu Lukaku netted a brace on league debut for Manchester United as Jose Mourinho's side demolished West Ham United at Old Trafford.
The Belgian opened his account with a left-footed strike after Marcus Rashford's reverse pass, before doubling his tally with a header from Henrikh Mkhitaryan's free-kick.
Substitute Anthony Martial stretched United's lead, before turning provider for United's fourth for Paul Pogba to steer home and send United to the top of the table at the end of the first round of Premier League fixtures.
Here are the player ratings from a one-sided encounter at Manchester:
Manchester United
David de Gea - 7
The Spaniard had to make just a single save to deny Edimilson Fernandes in the dying seconds of the first half. He was nearly caught off his line when Marko Arnautovic beat Daley Blind to a header, but the woodwork saved him the blushes.
Antonio Valencia - 7
Valencia had an impressive start to the season, steaming forward and covering a lot of ground while having to defend. The ease with which he channels the right flanks allowed Mata to drift into a more comfortable central position.
Eric Bailly - 7
Despite a couple of slightly rash challenges, the Ivorian defender was composed at the back, not allowing Chicharito a glimpse of the ball in the box.
Phil Jones - 6.5
Like Bailly, Jones was also guilty of minor defensive errors, first a fast-paced back-pass to make life uncomfortable for de Gea followed by heavy touch to lose the ball at the edge of the box for West Ham to create a chance. However, his overall performance was satisfactory and without any communication gaps with his fellow defenders.
Daley Blind - 7
Blind was initially rusty, finding himself unable to fire in crosses and losing possession carelessly in attack. He improved gradually in the second half and was more purposeful down the wing, linking up with Rashford.
The Dutchman even went close to scoring himself, jabbing the ball just over Joe Hart's woodwork when unmarked by opposite man Pablo Zabaleta.
Nemanja Matic - 8.5
Matic put in a performance that perfectly reflected what Chelsea were missing in Saturday's shock defeat to Burnley - a stable figure in front of the defence, a wide range of passing and a shape-holder in midfield. It was a debut to remember for the Serbian.
United may have finally found the ideal defensive midfielder who possesses these title-winning attributes.
Paul Pogba - 8
Matic's assured presence in midfield gave United's record-signing the freedom he absolutely craves to express himself on the pitch. The Frenchman - who at times last season found himself undergoing defensive duties - was given the license to operate in the attacking half.
The results showed - his quick feet made dribbling look so pleasing to the eye, while his floated balls forward to send teammates through on goal left onlookers in awe. He got the goal he deserved in the dying moments after Martial found him in space through the heart of the Hammers' defence. A string of such performances could well lead to a landmark season for Manchester United.
Juan Mata - 7
The Spaniard made a decent contribution to the game with some nice first touches and quick passing across the attacking third to maintain United's tempo.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan - 7.5
An uncertain first half from the Armenian was quickly forgotten with a stellar display in the second half. His free-kick to locate Lukaku for his second goal was the moment he kick-started his game after missing promising chances and fluffing his first touches in the opening 45 minutes. He took on West Ham players at will, participated in counter-attacks and provided a deft pass for Anthony Martial to score United's third.
Marcus Rashford - 7.5
Rashford was excellent on the ball during counter attacks, giving Pablo Zabaleta a nightmare beginning to the season. His lightning quick feet while charging in from the left wing was too much for the aging Argentine full-back.
He provided a brilliant reverse pass for Lukaku and United to open their accounts for the season. His finishing is probably the only element he must work on in the coming weeks of the season.
Romelu Lukaku - 8.5
The Belgian wasted no time in making himself feel at home at Old Trafford, beating Joe Hart twice to mark his United debut in style. He helped round off a Manchester United counter-attack in the first half, scoring after hitting the inside of the post.
He doubled his and United's lead early in the second period, beating Masuaku in an aerial duel from Mkhitaryan's free-kick to leave Joe Hart flat-footed.
His pace and strength made it extremely difficult to defend against as he held the ball up and manoeuvered it in the vicinity of the penalty box with confidence.
Substitutes:
Marouane Fellaini - 6.5
Fellaini was sent on to succesfully put a stranglehold on the game after United were two goals up.
Anthony Martial - 7.5
Martial came on to devastating effect, finding the back of the net after being sent clear by Mkhitaryan before providing the assist for Paul Pogba to beat Joe Hart from close range.
Jesse Lingard - N/A
Lingard replaced Mkhitaryan late in the game.
West Ham United
Joe Hart - 5.5
A debut to forget for the Manchester City loanee, making a couple of routine saves but having to pick the ball out of his net on four occasions.
Pablo Zabaleta - 5
Another West Ham acquisition from Manchester City with a debut to put aside quickly, as Zabaleta was tormented on the wing by Rashford's excellence on the ball.
Winston Reid - 6
Reid made a number of good clearances from the back, but found United's ruthlessness on the counter-attack too much of a force to deal with.
Angelo Ogbonna - 5.5
The Italian centre-half struggled to cope with Lukaku's movements in the penalty box, losing him as a marker on several occasions.
Arthur Masuaku - 5.5
Masuaku had a bright start at left-back, going forward with relative purpose. However, United's attacking prowess took over as the game wore on, inhibiting him from crossing his own half. He was easily beaten in the air by Lukaku en route to United's second goal and was constantly kept on his toes by Valencia's pace.
Mark Noble - 6
West Ham's skipper attempted to bring some degree of composure to West Ham's play by dictating play in front of the back-four, but United's free-flowing play made it difficult for the Hammers to settle into any sort of rhythm.
Pedro Obiang - 5.5
Obiang was tasked with a box-to-box role, but never really threatened to split United's defence with a decisive through pass or a long-ball to find the runs of Javier Hernandez.
Andre Ayew - 4
Ayew contributed virtually nothing to the game either defensively or in attack. He was unable to deliver any meaningful crosses and carelessly gave away possession on multiple instances.
Edimilson Fernandes - 5.5
Fernandez missed West Ham's best opportunity of the game in first-half injury time, getting himself into some space at the edge of the box but directing his shot straight at the palms of David de Gea. He failed to provide the cutting edge in the heart of attack - usually expected from a number ten.
Marko Arnautovic - 7
Arnautovic - making his Hammers' debut after signing from Stoke in the summer - was his side's best performer on the pitch. He seemed to be the only one offering any sort of urgency in attack by whipping in crosses and testing the opposition defence during set-pieces. The Austrian was inches away from scoring, heading onto the crossbar in the second half after David de Gea was caught off his line.
Javier Hernandez - 6
The Mexican was frustrated on his return to Old Trafford, deprived of any service and seeing his movements well marshalled by United's centre-halves.
Substitutes:
Diafra Sakho - 5
Sakho headed off target seconds after coming on, but that was his only contribution during the half an hour he was on the pitch.
Declan Rice - 5
The young Irishman replaced Mark Noble to bring some fresh legs into West Ham's play, but found the Old Trafford stage coming too soon for him to make a decisive impact.
Aaron Cresswell - N/A
Cresswell came on for fellow full-back Masuaku in the late stages.
The president of the United States cannot seem to stop tweeting. Despite stern advice from his advisors and opprobrium from the world, not a day goes by that POTUS doesn't escalate some tension in 140 280 characters. Each of us can relate to making a social media post we regret later and vowing never to do it again — but few of us do it on such a public scale.
However, is it addiction?
The answer is surprisingly complex.
Technology-based addictions of all kinds are fairly new. Porn, shopping, social media, video game and screen addictions existed, but were rare until the advent of the smartphone. Now, tens of millions of people struggle to put down their devices even though they know better, and billions of us feel our screen-time use is excessive.
Despite the huge numbers, the scientific establishment has been very slow to acknowledge these so-called “behavioral addictions.” Only gambling is a recognized form of addiction in the American Psychology Association's disorder bible, the DSM… so it might take a while before Twitter Response Dependence Disorder is described in the literature.
While there may be no consensus on tech addiction as a “thing,” there is no question that many technologies are addictive. Twitter for example, uses concepts from gamification to get and keep people engaged. Each time you tweet and receive a retweet, like or reply, your brain secretes a little bit of dopamine. This is a natural, evolutionary response to reinforcement, and the more you do it, the more you want to do it. Particularly if you have a large following (as @realdonaldtrump does), the intensity, volume and immediacy of reaction in the social graph can be intoxicating. In this instance, more really is more.
The desire to stop (or reduce) harmful overuse, but being unable to do so, is one of the traditional hallmarks of addiction.
Over the last decade, companies like Facebook, Twitter and Snapchat have become masters of behavioral design and gamification. They use sophisticated AI to create habit loops that are designed to get and keep you hooked for as long as possible. I know this intimately, as I've been the cheerleader-in-chief for gamification over the past decade, and worked with many of these companies. Today's consumer tech giants live or die by engagement, and they can — and will — do whatever it takes to get there.
But there is hope for tech-life balance. In research for my anti-tech addiction product Onward, we found that chronic tech overusers were completely unable to estimate correctly how much time they spent online (no surprise!). We also found that users who reported feeling anxious were 2.5x more likely to act out in the next 3 hours than users who felt OK.
The upshot of these disheartening statistics is that a system designed to consider your time online and predictive states, like Onward does, can be highly effective at reducing compulsive overuse. Specifically, 89 percent of Onward users reduced their usage, and 51 percent stopped completely in our studies.
The desire to stop (or reduce) harmful overuse, but being unable to do so, is one of the traditional hallmarks of addiction. Sometimes this is a reflection of someone's lack of willpower, physical or mental energy, fear of stigmatization and/or hopelessness. Also important, however, in treating overuse is to recognize that if the person doesn't see it as a problem, it cannot — by definition — be an addiction.
Never mind that they are unlikely to seek help or succeed in recovery, but a lack of belief in the problem itself makes it impossible to even reach a diagnostic consensus. We believe that de-escalating the term addiction, and instead using “overuse,” is key. This allows each person to set their own limits and seek help for their issues without having to hit “rock bottom.”
That tension between desire, free will and self-harm is crucial in addressing tech-based addictions. Every time someone binge watches Netflix instead of doing their homework, they are — absolutely — making a conscious decision to do so. They derive some pleasure from (or lack thereof) choosing Stranger Things over Statistics.
An argument can be made that Twitter, Facebook, Snapchat and the like are deceiving users and pushing negative behaviors despite evidence of harm. Some have even made the comparison to big tobacco. But there is no cover up — just companies designing their products to capture the key economic value they seek — engagement.
Each person has to find (and define) their own red lines and tech-life balance.
And therein lies the rub. While POTUS's tweets may be negative and consequential, unless he thinks he has a problem, there is no basis for asserting pathology. Like the majority of the population who feel uncomfortable with their screen time (but keep doing it anyway), he might sometimes be uncomfortable or regretful later, but the behavior is authentic, consciously done and positively reinforced (in his view). Of course, Twitter also benefits from his regular use of the platform, and so has little incentive to throttle access — no matter what the consequences.
Everything in moderation, as the famous saying goes. Each person has to find (and define) their own red lines and tech-life balance. Collectively, however, there is mounting evidence we are overusing our screens, and research suggests it's making people unhappy. I believe we can be happier without having to give up the power of new, social technologies — but we have to want things to be different.
Of course, if @realdonaldtrump — or anyone — sincerely decides they want to change their social media habit, we'll be there.
YouTube today said it's launching a change to its service that will offer viewers more transparency around where news broadcasters get their funding. According to a company announcement, YouTube will now add notices below videos that are uploaded by broadcasters who receive some level of government or public funding.
“Our goal is to equip users with additional information to help them better understand the sources of news content that they choose to watch on YouTube,” explained Geoff Samek, Senior Product Manager YouTube News, in the company's blog post.
The feature's launch was earlier reported by The WSJ, which explained how the change may help to tackle the ongoing “fake news” problem that's spanning the web, where fringe conspiracy theories and propaganda are often given equal visibility and attention as legitimate news sources.
The change will affect sources like the U.S.'s Public Broadcasting Service (PBS), but will also increase the visibility around foreign state news organizations, like Russia's RT. As The WSJ also pointed out, U.S. intelligence officials dubbed RT “the Kremlin's principal international propaganda outlet.”
This new label will initially appear only to users in the U.S., and it may not always be accurate.
A “Send Feedback” form will also be available in the case that issues with attribution arise, YouTube says.
While increasing the transparency around government-funded news reporting will help, to some extent, in providing more context around news videos on YouTube's site, it doesn't at all go far enough to address the larger issue with fake news, conspiracy theories, or other content that's designed to influence public opinion for either financial or political gain.
However, YouTube says that addressing the fake news problem is one of several goals it has for 2018.
As part of its efforts in tightening its content policies, the company says it's planning to work with news partners to roll out more solutions to highlight authoritative news sources on its site in 2018.
YouTube claims it has already made progress in this area by better surfacing content from authoritative news sources on the homepage in a new “Breaking News” section as well as in search.
This goal was announced alongside several others this morning, as part of YouTube's to-do list for the year.
Other initiatives include better communication with creators, giving creators better monetization tools, the expansion of social features like the Community tab and Reels, and increased investment in educational content.
Featured Image: nevodka/iStock Editorial
The first 8K TV is here. Now available to buy for a bargain €11,990 ($14,732, £10,520, AUS$19,216), Sharp's Aquos LC-70X500E is the first 8K TV to go on sale in Europe and around the world.
An 80-inch version, the LC-80XU30, has been on sale in Japan for a few years ( we even reviewed it ), but this new model's global availability marks nothing less than the beginning of the 8K era.
The LC-70X500E was unveiled at the IFA Global Press Conference in Rome, and the venue was purposely picked - it was now or never. IFA 2018 in Berlin in late August is expected see 8K TVs announced by all major TV brands.
But wait. 8K? What about 4K? Isn't that supposed to be the latest and greatest in TVs? Why are we obsessed with 7,680x4,320 pixel TVs? Do we really need 8K TVs?
Regardless, more 8K TVs are coming in 2018
8K content may be virtually non-existent, but we're about to see every major brand launch an 8K TV.
“Will the other TV brands be able to resist the temptation to offer a premium 8K TV? Of course they won't,” said Paul Gray, Director Research and Analysis, Technology, Media & Telecom, IHS, speaking to TechRadar at the IFA Global Press Conference.
CES 2018 saw a bevy of 8K TVs shown-off, including Samsung's 85-inch Q9S 8K QLED TV , Sony's 85-inch 8K TV, and LG Display's 88-inch 8K OLED TV display. All three were prototypes … but not for long.
But these TVs are a mere appetiser. Next comes wallpaper TVs.
But these TVs are a mere appetiser. Next comes wallpaper TVs.
“People want larger screens at home,” said Sascha Lange, VP Marketing & Sales at Sharp, who thinks the only limitation on TV sizes is resolution, hence the drive for 8K. “The pixel density of a 64-inch 4K TV is exactly the same as a 32-inch Full HD TV,” he said. “And a 120-inch 8K TV also has exactly the same pixel density as a 32-inch Full HD TV.”
That mighty concept, and others, like Samsung's The Wall , would allow broadcasters to capture, say, an entire football pitch. You would sit close to your 150-inch 8K wallpaper TV and turn your head to watch the action, just as if you were there.
“Today even a 70-inch screen doesn't fill a wall – you could easily get a 120-inch screen on a wall in any home,” says Lange. “People want larger screens and they have the space, and now the technology is here.”
The Wall by Samsung is a 146-inch microLED TV coming out later this year.
How big do we want our TVs?
Sharp can see a clear trend, and it's for ever-bigger TVs.
The highest demand for better screens and larger displays comes from China, where the average size of a TV is 54-inches. In the U.S. it's 50-inches, in Europe it's 49-inches, and in Japan it's just 40-inches.
In fact, 55-59-inch TVs are the biggest-selling size of TV in Europe right now, and it's a sector that's grown by almost a quarter over the last year alone.
IHS Markit predicts that 8K displays will make up only about 1% of the 60-inch and larger display market in 2018, but a whopping 9% by 2020. That's a massive chunk of the TV market, and it's easily the most lucrative. 8K is about cash.
8K is about cash.
OK, so sales of 70-inch and bigger TVs make up only 0.4% of the European TV market, but if you are in the market for one, what would you buy?
“Sharp's 8K TV and a 77-inch OLED TV are very similar prices,” says Gray, who's unsure about this TV's commercial future as a mainstream product. “People will buy 8K TVs as monitors, as 4K multi-screens, as whiteboards, but as high resolution TVs, probably not – this is a hybrid prosumer product.”
So how big should an 8K TV be?
“If 40-inch was the starting point for 4K, then 80-inch has to be the starting point for 8K,” says Gray. That suggests the LC-70X500E is on the small side. “But there are other reasons to have a 65-inch 8K screen, such as character readability in China, and the fact that smart TVs are as much about graphics as they are about video.”
The 8K frame rate problem
Video is consecutive images, or frames, flashed-up on a screen in quick succession. The more you have per second, the smoother the image. It's expressed as frames per second (fps), though there's no internationally accepted frame rate so PAL and SECAM (Europe and China) differs from NTSC (North America and Japan).
Sharp's 8K TV can show a maximum of 50/60 fps (for PAL/NTSC), but that's a technology that pretty much maxes-out at 4K.
“If you double the resolution, then you ought to double the frame rate,” says Gray. “Otherwise all you get is camera blur that's very accurately recorded!”
So just as we went from 24/25fps for HD to 50/60 fps in Ultra HD 4k, we should go to 100/120fps for 8K.
“Broadcasters have absolutely bought into that because motion sharpness is more important than anything else,” says Gray. Put simply, watching video in 8K without 100/120 fps is pointless.
Put simply, watching video in 8K without 100/120 fps is pointless.
Sadly, there's no way of getting high frame rates into any kind of TV. Not even the upcoming HDMI 2.1 standard will change that, though it will support 8K resolutions.
So the LC-70X500E includes eight HDMI ports, four of which need to be used simultaneously to get a 8K signal into it. Sharp's new 8C-B60A, the world's first 8K camcorder, can capture 8K content at 60 fps and be hooked-up to the LC-70X500E.
Sharp also says that still images in 8K can be viewed from a USB thumb drive or HDD. The LC-70X500E will also upscale 4K into 8K. However, if you want to watch live 8K TV broadcasts, you're going to have to move to Japan and tune in to NHK's satellite TV broadcasts in 8K resolution.
8K could rejuvenate 360 and VR
“The application that is crying out for more resolution is VR headsets because VR will only work when you become completely unaware of the pixel structure,” says Gray.
He also suggests that high resolutions could be used by broadcasters to offer completely new immersive ways of watching TV by capturing in 8K and zooming-in on specific areas.
“360 with 4K is an interesting opportunity for short content ‘snacks', especially for live coverage where you want a sense of presence, such as at the Olympics,” says Gray. “You could scroll around with your remote control, like having a periscope, to look around the stadium.” This kind of viewing options require 8K capture.
8K TVs might seem pointless to some, but it will help sell bigger TVs, which are becoming more popular, it will introduce 8K as a creative capture format, it will likely rejuvenate VR, and it could completely change how we watch TV.
“There's a whole new creative production grammar and language that will need to be used,” says Gray of the 8K era. “The storytelling will be different, with much longer shots, and more time to soak it all in, much like the best VR experiences.”
Care to share a dressage show warm-up tip? I know there'll be many that'd like to read it!
For Valiosa's warmup after two earlier days of rushed, spooky and more stressed out warm up, my only goal was to have her go on the aids without too much tension before going in the ring.
Super pleased with her for pulling off a sort of “blah” canter, despite multiple other horses in the arena, announcers, and audience. Success!
My goal was to have her reasonably attentive and when there were more than 7 horses in there we did several walk-trot transitions instead of trying to fight for space.
Some trainers like to warm up their student's horses really forward and deep. Really proud of Valiosa for doing her thing just with me, even when some ponies came close and large horses breathed heavily down her hind.
Have a warm-up tip, below Fourth Level? We're all ears!!
Michigan State Police Director Col. Kriste Kibbey Etue (Photo: Don Campbell / AP, file)
Lansing — Michigan State Police Director Col. Kriste Kibbey Etue will receive both a pension and a six-figure salary next year after she is reappointed for another term, according to a Gov. Rick Snyder spokeswoman and the state budget office.
The practice is called “double-dipping” and has been criticized by fiscal conservatives such as the free-market-oriented Mackinac Center for Public Policy in Midland.
Snyder spokeswoman Anna Heaton and the State Police confirmed Friday that Snyder will reappoint Etue in 2018 despite calls for her resignation. The calls came after she shared a meme on her personal Facebook page that called the pro football players kneeling protests during the National Anthem “degenerates” and “millionaire ingrates who hate America.”
Etue has apologized, admitted the post was “offensive” and said he won't resign. Etue apologized a second time over the flap after meeting with members of the Legislative Black Caucus on Thursday, but the caucus has not rescinded its call for her to resign.
Snyder has reiterated he would not fire her or ask her to resign.
With the reappointment, the State Police chief will start collecting her retirement payments from the state next year while she remains police director and receives her regular salary, Department of Technology, Management and Budget spokesman Caleb Buhs said Friday.
“If she does continue to work through 2018, then she would also collect a pension after Feb. 1, 2018,” Buhs said.
Snyder's office, the State Police and the budget department would not reveal Etue's salary. But MLive reported that public records it obtained this year show that Etue earns a $165,000-a-year salary.
The budget office and Snyder's office would not confirm what Etue's pension payout would be. But it appears the State Police chief's pension payout would amount to at least $74,000 a year or more Under a program called the Deferred Retirement Option Plan.
Program participants receive incentive payments as well as monthly pension benefits.
An employee with 25 years on the job and an annual salary of $109,000 would walk away with an additional $435,725 after six years in the program -- an average of more than $74,000 a year, according to an analysis done by the Mackinac Center for Public Policy in 2016.
Etue has been with the State Police for 30 years.
A deterred retirement program was created by state lawmakers and former Democratic Gov. Jennifer Granholm in 2004 to let state employees collect their pension and salaries at the same time if they work six years past their initial retirement date.
mgerstein@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2y1FeGT
ALMOST 1000 pigs were killed in a four day aerial pig shoot over Condamine last week after producers struggled to keep their crops alive because of the pests.
The first coordinated aerial pig shoot for the Condamine West Group from Tuesday to Friday saw 938 pigs and one wild dog killed across 73 properties totalling 138,738 hectares.
Last year producers in the area battled a feral pig problem that caused significant damage to chickpea and sorghum crops leading to concerns over spread of disease through pigs such as leptospirosis and worms.
Condamine farmer Jake Hamilton, who grows dryland wheat, chickpea, sorghum and mungbean crops, was one of the 54 landholders involved in the coordinated shoot which saw at least 24 pigs killed on his 3237 hectare property, Burradoo.
Some of the damage to crops caused by feral pigs. Picture: Scott Bridle
The property borders a forestry creating a major pig problem meaning crops grown there are usually written off.
Mr Hamilton said the shoot was perfect timing given he had just finished planting both Burradoo and another 2428 hectare property on Monday.
“Chickpeas are the ones they really go after and it's not uncommon for a pig to uproot 200 to 300 metres of crop,” he said.
“I've been seeing the same mob every second day of 30 or 40 pigs (in that paddock) so hopefully they have got most of them.
“It's pretty good timing for those fellas to come and shoot when they did because the paddock they got those pigs (pictured) had only been planted a day or two.”
The area covered in the coordinated pig shoot.
Condamine farmer Richard Wunsch put a chopper up himself three weeks ago after loosing about 20 hectares of chickpeas to feral pigs last year.
His own chopper shoot and the coordinated event in the area had seen about 500 pigs killed around and on his 2300 hectare property, Yulabilla.
Mr Wunsch purchased the property three years ago and grows about 1700 hectares of wheat and chickpea but it wasn't until last year that he suffered significant crop damage.
He said he couldn't afford to let the same thing happen in 2017.
Some of the pigs killed in the aerial pig shoot.
“This year we are all over it which is good,” he said.
“If it (the coordinated shoot) can happen every six months that would be better. They breed so quickly they need to be right on top of it.
“The boys got a drone and the pig tracks were unreal, we had to make a move. We couldn't wait for the shoot to happen it would have been more than 20 hectares of damage.”
Helicopter pilot Scott Bridle, who was involved in the shoot, now specialises in aerial pig shoots and with his company, Scott Bridle Helicopter Pty Ltd, he works alongside shooter Ben Mann of Straight Shooter Pty Ltd.
He said the feral pig population had reduced by 85 per cent since the Western Downs Regional Council began the coordinating aerial shoots about five years ago.
The damage to crops on Richard Wunsch's property at Condamine last year.
The cost of the Condamine West Group shoot was subsidised by Western Downs Regional Council and the Queensland Murray Darling Committee while landowners will pay a portion based on hectares shot.
Western Downs Regional Council Deputy Mayor Andrew Smith said feral pigs in some areas have been known to increase by 500 per cent in a 12 to 15-month period and they were a significant threat to the agriculture industry.
“The success to date should encourage more areas to get involved and of course with the three way partnership...it's really affordable,” he said.
Queensland Country Life.
I'm leading a united dressing room, says Leicester's Ranieri
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 05:48 IST
Football Soccer Britain - Swansea City v Leicester City - Premier League - Liberty Stadium - 12/2/17 Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
By Claire Bloomfield
MONACO (Reuters) - Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri said on Tuesday he was not unsettled by speculation about his future as the Premier League champions slip towards the relegation zone.
Leicester have struggled to find the form that defied all odds and propelled them to the title last season, but the Italian said he was still leading a united dressing room.
"For me it (the speculation) was nothing because every week I speak with my owner and we have a very good relationship. When something goes wrong the media try to understand why," he told Reuters at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monaco.
Leicester gave Ranieri a massive vote of confidence last week, saying the experienced Italian would be given the chance to turn things around at the struggling Midlands club.
“There was so much speculation that the chairman (Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha) said: ‘OK Claudio, I will tell them something and we stop all of this speculation'.
“We believe. In this moment we lack confidence but you can get confidence only if you win and play well and we're not in this case.
“But my dressing room is very united and I am very confident in all of my players.
Leicester were presented with the Spirit of Sport award, after winning their first top-flight title, having also been nominated for the World Breakthrough of the Year award won by retiring German Formula 1 champion Nico Rosberg.
However, Ranieri's side have yet to score a league goal in 2017 and sit just one point above the relegation zone. In a bid to beat the drop, the 65-year-old has come down hard on the squad this week and scrapped their scheduled rest day.
Leicester suffered a 2-0 defeat at fellow strugglers Swansea City on Sunday, making it five league losses in a row, a result which has left Ranieri questioning his loyal team selection.
Determined to guide the club to safety, the former Chelsea, Juventus and ASD Monaco manager said: “What we did last season, we can do the same - not win the title because now we are in a bad position, but I said to them (the players), ‘If we did so well last season then we have to maintain the right balance'.
“We have to be strong to remember what we did last season to make a good balance and improve our confidence.
“When you lose a lot of matches, you also lose your confidence. For this reason I am pushing them.”
Leicester gets a break from their Premier League worries when they visit third-tier Millwall in the FA Cup fifth round on Saturday before travelling to face Seville in the first leg of their last 16 Champions League tie next Wednesday.
(Editing by Ken Ferris)
White supremacist site the Daily Stormer needs to find another domain provider after getting the boot from GoDaddy. In a tweet, the company said “We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service.”
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. — GoDaddy (@GoDaddy) August 14, 2017
The tweet was made in response to one by The New Agenda founder Amy Suskind calling on GoDaddy to ban Daily Stormer for posting a obscene article about Heather Heyer, who was killed in Charlottesville on Saturday after being hit by a car allegedly driven by James Alex Fields Jr. into a crowd. Fields has been charged with second-degree murder.
Heyer was among a group protesting to Unite the Right white supremacist rally this weekend, which the Daily Stormer helped organize and promote.
In an email to TechCrunch, a GoDaddy spokesperson said “We have informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. If no action is taken after 24 hours, we will cancel the service. Given this latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service.”
GoDaddy only provides the domain for Daily Stormer and does not host the site, which calls itself “The World's Most Genocidal Republican Website.” While GoDaddy's action is laudable, it's also important to note that activists, including the Southern Poverty Law Center, began calling on GoDaddy to stop providing Daily Stormer's domain several months ago.
GoDaddy joins Airbnb and Twilio as tech companies taking action aimed at combatting hate speech in reaction to to Unite the Right rally. Airbnb deactivated the accounts of several users who were planning to attend the event, while cloud communications platform Twilio CEO Jeff Lawson said it will add “an explicit prohibition of hate speech” in the company's acceptable use policy this week.
TORONTO — Aphria Inc. has inked a $20-million deal to sell its stake in Arizona cannabis company Copperstate Farms to an affiliated U.S. firm as the Canadian licensed marijuana producer looks to reduce its direct involvement in medical pot south of the border.
As part of the deal announced Friday, Aphria has agreed to sell its minority interest in Copperstate to Liberty Health Sciences Inc., an investor and operator in the U.S. medical cannabis market. Aphria, based in Leamington, holds a minority stake in Liberty.
"The sale of Copperstate is an important step in our continued efforts to work collaborately with the TSX and Canadian securities regulatory authorities regarding the divestiture of our direct investment in a U.S. cannabis business," Aphria chief executive Vic Neufeld said in a statement.
This comes after Canada's biggest stock exchange operator warned late last year that U.S. federal law, which classifies marijuana as an illegal schedule 1 drug, takes precedence over state law. The TMX Group, which operates the Toronto Stock Exchange and the TSX Venture, said companies that operate in states where pot is legal are not in compliance with TSX listing requirements and could face a delisting review.
Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Sapar Isakov participated in the presentation of the book «Zhogotulgan Agartuu: Borborduk Asiyanyn Altyn Dooru Arab Basyp Aluularynan Temirlanga Cheyin» by the American expert on Russia and Eurasia Stephen Frederick Starr. The book has been translated into the Kyrgyz language. Executive Office of the Government of the Kyrgyz Republic reported.
According to it, Sapar Isakov expressed gratitude for the work done to the editor and one of the translators of the book into the Kyrgyz language — Professor, Head of the Education, Culture and Sports Department of the Presidential Administration Almaz Beyshenaliev.
As the author of the book Frederick Starr noted, during the centuries described in the book, Central Asia was the center of the world. Then, trade, production, and intelligence were concentrated in it, and everyone understands this now, not only experts and historians.
«Today I attended a conference where Taza Koom program was discussed, and in this connection I want to note that everything in this program is based on principles that have an algorithm of the past,» the author of the book said.
The Prime Minister stressed that the book describes the lives of many great figures — Khorezmi, Farabi, Biruni, Ibn Sina, Ferdowsi, Omar Khayyam, Kashgari, Balasagyn, Ulugbek, Navoi, who had a great impact on the development of mankind.
Congress Moves To Overturn D.C. 'Death With Dignity Law'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Martin Austermuhle/WAMU Martin Austermuhle/WAMU
A version of this story was originally published by member station WAMU.
With the GOP fully in control of the federal government for the first time since 2006, Congressional Republicans are taking their first steps to assert their power over the District of Columbia's local government.
After an impassioned debate, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee voted Monday evening to block a D.C. law giving District physicians the right to prescribe lethal medication to terminally ill patients who have less than six months to live.
Committee chair Jason Chaffetz and other Republican conservatives have argued that the D.C. law should be nullified because it runs counter to ethical prohibitions against suicide. Most of the Republicans on the committee framed their opposition as a "pro-life" stance, with a number expressing concerns that the D.C. law could leave vulnerable dying patients at the mercy of physicians and relatives eager to hasten their exit.
"I worry that assisted suicide will create a marketplace for death," Chaffetz said.
Rep. Darrell Issa R-Calif., who represents one of six states that already have enacted legislation similar to D.C.'s right-to-die bill, was the only Republican to vote against the measure. Issa argued that given Congress' failure to stop such legislation nationally, he didn't think interference in D.C. affairs was justified.
In a statement after the committee vote, Mayor Bowser called it "a signal to DC residents that Congress has zero respect or concern for their will or the will of their elected officials."
Though the District gained an elected mayor and legislature in 1973, Congress retained broad authority over the city. That included the right to disapprove of bills — or, in simpler words, block bills passed by the D.C. Council from taking effect. But that right has been used sparingly: Congress has only formally blocked three D.C. bills over the last 45 years.
The panel voted 22-14 in favor of sending to the House floor the bill to the House floor. However that may be as far as it goes.
Unless conservative Republican backers of the manage to get the committee-passed "resolution of disapproval" through the House and Senate and signed by President Donald Trump by the end of the week — an exceedingly uphill battle given the normal pace of Congress — the law appears likely to take effect as passed by D.C. Council and signed into law by Mayor Muriel Bowser.
The bill becomes law if it is not blocked within 30 legislative working days of being sent Congress. By the D.C. City Council's calculations, time is up for opponents of the Death With Dignity bill on or about Saturday.
That leaves an almost impossibly narrow window for floor votes in the House and Senate. Moreover, it is not even certain that Trump would sign a disapproval resolution. White House press secretary Sean Spicer refused to say what the president might do when asked about the Death With Dignity law at a press briefing last week.
The audience at the committee meeting, which lasted until past 7:30, included activists in the right-to-die movement, including at least one who considers herself a potential beneficiary: Mary Klein, a 69-year-old D.C. resident who is dying of cancer. In an earlier interview with WAMU, Klein described the measure's passage, by an 11-2 D.C. Council vote in November, as "a great relief." Dan Diaz, the widower of Brittany Maynard, a young woman who wrote about her decision to end her life after a long battle with brain cancer, also turned up "to support D.C.," he said.
A stuntwoman has been killed after a motorcycle stunt went wrong on the Vancouver set of the movie Deadpool 2.
A female stunt driver has died on the set of 20th Century Fox's superhero movie Deadpool 2 in downtown Vancouver during the filming of a stunt on a motorcycle.
Local media report the stuntwoman appeared to lose control of the vehicle, which drove off the set and through the window of a building across the street. Police have not yet released the name of the woman or details of the accident.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning," Dan Berger, spokesman for movie studio 20th Century Fox, a unit of Twenty-First Century Fox, said in a statement on Monday..
"Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time," he added.
The sequel to the 2016 superhero movie Deadpool starring Ryan Reynolds is currently being filmed in Vancouver, Canada. Production began in June.
The movie studio did not say whether production had been halted following the accident.
Gold and earnings are helping boost Canada's main stock index. The TSX is gaining to 15,560 as the price of gold increases to 1,330 an ounce.
Restaurant Brands International reported better than expected earnings with restaurants like Burger King and Popeye's but the Tim Hortons chain did see a drop in sales.
Across the border the Dow is down to 24,437 following a morning gain thanks to boosts in tech stocks. However, Alphabet is seeing a drop in shares despite a better than expected quarterly report. The company, which owns Google, saw shares drop 2.8 per cent as investors looked towards a hefty increase in company costs rather than the $9.5 billion in revenue.
Oil is climbing once again up to 69.05 a barrel.
The Loonie is gaining to 77.90 cents US.
BEIJING (China) April 18 (APP): With the development of Gwadar Port
under China's “One Belt, One Road” initiative, Gwadar, the Pakistani city where the port is situated, is transforming from a small fishing village into an international harbor and attractive destination for investment.
As a flagship project in the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC),
the construction of the deep-sea port is rapidly driving the economic growth of Gwadar, Vice President of Gwadar Free Zone Co Hu Yaozong in a statement published in People's Daily on Tuesday said.
Hu noted that the landscape of the Gwadar Port is expected to “change significantly every three months” based on the current construction speed.
One of the major changes is the improvement in basic infrastructure,
according to Zhang Baozhong, the president of State-owned China Overseas Port Holding Co, the project's contract developer.
Zhang said as of the end of last year, China Overseas Port had completed the construction of the port's supporting facilities, enabling it to process containers and cargo.
Routine routes to China, the Middle East and Africa have also been opened.
A new international airport, an employee training center, hospitals and
coal-fired power plants are also under construction in Gwadar. Such projects would diversify the city's industrial structure and improve local living standards.
Land prices in Gwadar Port have surged on expectations that the city will prosper, according to local real estate developers.
An increasing number of businessmen in Pakistan have compared Gwadar with China's just-announced Xiongan New Area, and are actively looking for investment opportunities there.
“We would like to tap into China's experience of building special economic zones, initiating a new economic development model for Pakistan,” Zhang said.
“Immediate evacuation from the low levels of Oroville and areas downstream is ordered,” the Butte County sheriff said in a statement posted on social media. “This is NOT A Drill.” The California Department of Water Resources said on Twitter at about 4:30pm PST (0030 GMT Monday) that the spillway next to the dam was “predicted to fail within the next hour.” But several hours later the situation appeared less dire as the spillway remained standing.
The water resources department said crews using helicopters would drop rocks to fill a huge gouge in the spillway. Authorities were also releasing water to lower the lake's level after weeks of heavy rains in the drought-plagued state. By 10pm, state and local officials said those efforts had paid off and, with water no longer flowing over the eroded spillway, the immediate danger had passed. But they cautioned that the situation remained unpredictable. “Once you have damage to a structure like that it's catastrophic,” Bill Croyle, acting director of the Water Resources, told the press conference. Butte County Sheriff Korey Honea said at a separate news briefing that he was told by experts earlier on Sunday that the hole that was being created in the spillway could compromise the structure. Rather than risk thousands of lives, the sheriff said, a decision was made to order the evacuations. Still, evacuation orders remained in place for 188,000 people in Oroville, Yuba County, Butte County, Marysville and nearby communities. The Yuba County Office of Emergency Services urged evacuees to travel only to the east, south or west. “DO NOT TRAVEL NORTH TOWARD OROVILLE,” the department said on Twitter. Evacuation centers were set up at a fairground in Chico, California, about 20 miles northwest of Oroville, but major highways leading south out of the area were jammed as residents fled the flood zone. California Governor Jerry Brown issued an emergency order that he said would bolster the state's response. “I've been in close contact with emergency personnel managing the situation in Oroville throughout the weekend and it's clear the circumstances are complex and rapidly changing,” Brown said. The Oroville dam, whose structure remains sound, is nearly full following a wave of winter storms that brought relief to the state after some four years of devastating drought. Water levels were less than 7 feet (2 meters) from the top of the dam on Friday. State authorities and engineers on Thursday began carefully releasing water from the Lake Oroville Dam some 65 miles (105km) north of Sacramento after noticing that large chunks of concrete were missing from a spillway. Governor Brown asked the Federal Emergency Management Agency on Friday to declare the area a major disaster due to flooding and mudslides brought on by the storms. The earthfill dam is just upstream and east of Oroville, a city of more than 16,000 people. At 770 feet (230 meters) high, the structure, built between 1962 and 1968, is the tallest dam in the United States, besting the famed Hoover Dam by more than 40 feet (12 meters). — Reuters More from USA Evacuation order lifted near California dam
Trump tries to sidestep Russian scandal
Trump adviser Flynn quits
How national security has become a party piece
CALGARY—Construction of the Trans Mountain pipeline, aided by the federal government's controversial purchase of the project, will continue in the “national interest” despite continuing opposition, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said Wednesday. Morneau spoke to a sold-out crowd at a Calgary Chamber of Commerce luncheon — an audience made up of the business leaders the federal government hopes will buy the project down the road — the day after the announcement of the $4.5-billion purchase.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau speaks to reporters after his speech to the Calgary Chamber of Commerce on Wednesday. ( Jeff McIntosh / The Canadian Press )
“Everything we do will be about listening to Canadians and ensuring that we hear them, but also get the project done,” Morneau said. He wasn't the pipeline's only key supporter in town, with Alberta Premier Rachel Notley also there to celebrate the federal government's move. Read more:
Article Continued Below
The federal government's Tuesday announcement that it would take over the project from Kinder Morgan and look for a private-sector buyer was met with cautious optimism in the oilpatch. But it also touched off a storm of criticism on many sides. Conservatives say it should never have come to this and questioned the decision to stick taxpayers with the cost of the project, and the NDP and Greens questioned the government's commitment to the environment.
Article Continued Below
Opposition also remained from British Columbia, where Premier John Horgan said his government had no intention of withdrawing a legal challenge to the project, and from First Nations groups and environmentalists. Kinder Morgan had previously threatened to pull out of Trans Mountain, setting a deadline of May 31 to resolve political uncertainty around its future. The project would create tens of thousands of jobs in B.C. and Alberta, something Morneau said was of vital importance to Canada's economy. Kinder Morgan Canada president Ian Anderson was also at the chamber event. Morneau was met with applause at the luncheon Wednesday as pro-oil protesters demonstrated outside, chanting, “Build that pipe.” Again and again, Morneau insisted the government's priority is getting the pipeline built and that Canada isn't seeking to profit from its eventual sale. He wouldn't say which groups were interested in purchasing the project, or if any of them were from the energy sector. “This was clearly not our first, the best alternative,” he said, adding later: “I know that doing this will make a statement to all of you in the room and a statement across the country that the federal government is willing to step up.” Three anti-pipeline protesters from Climate Justice Edmonton interrupted the event early into Morneau's speech. The audience of 550 booed, then cheered as the group was escorted out of the building. In a press release, Anna Gerrard of Climate Justice Edmonton said the pipeline purchase is a “misuse of public funds and political power,” and that the project is guaranteed to fail. “We remain committed to stopping this project that violates the rights of Indigenous peoples, defies climate science and puts our waterways at risk,” Gerrard said. Morneau dismissed those who say the government is overpaying for the project, and denied that the deal is effectively a bailout for the fossil fuel industry. “We believe that this signals a strong and continued conviction that we need to recognize the environment and the economy goes hand in hand,” he told reporters. “This project, the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline, allows us to get our products to market responsibly and do it in a way that gives Canada the economic advantage that we should have, both because of the jobs we create today and because of the increase in value that our resources get on the world market.” Morneau wouldn't divulge details of when Ottawa plans to sell the pipeline. He also wouldn't speculate on the price of the construction, which Kinder Morgan previously estimated to be $7.4 billion. Emma McIntosh is an environment, justice and investigative reporter based in Calgary. Follow her on Twitter at @EmmaMci
Read more about:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's topsy-turvy weather could lead to a broccoli, cabbage and cauliflower shortage, experts have warned.
While it's great news for greens-hating children, farmers say supermarket shelves could be stripped bare for weeks following a poor harvest.
Home grown courgettes are also affected with planting set back by a month following heavy rain and snow.
Greville Richards boss of Southern England Farms which has 7,500 acres devoted to vegetables in Leedstown, Cornwall said: “We have had months of heavy rain with very few dry days. The ground has not had a chance to recover.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
“Cauliflowers went in late and the spring greens were disastrous.”
The business responsible for almost half the country's supply of green vegetables warned of a three week shortage of broccoli this summer.
Mr Richards said: “Spanish growers can't fill the gaps because when it gets to June and July it is too hot there.”
The problems were being felt in the other broccoli, cabbage and cauliflower growing areas with Lincolnshire suffering and Scotland particularly badly hit.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
Months of wet and cold weather are also having an impact on the dairy sector with farmers facing extra costs for straw bedding to keep animals inside for longer than usual.
Increased demand and a shortage of straw has led to the price more than doubling from £70 a tonne to £150.
Dairy farmer Richard Pennington of Treore Farm, near Port Isaac, North Cornwall said: “We had to get cattle in earlier than usual and they have stayed in longer.”
He added home produced winter feed had also run out so farmers were having to fork out for expensive imported cereal with costs rising because of a weak pound.
Earlier this month Jersey Royal potato farmers reported being up to a month behind with their planting after the Beast from the East set the harvest back by three weeks.
Cheyenne Public Schools — Healthy eating is not about firm nutrition philosophies, staying unrealistically thin, or keeping yourself from the foods you love, but rather, it is about feeling great, having more energy, calming your mood, and keeping yourself as healthy as possible. All of these can be attained by learning some nutrition basics and using them in a way that works for you. You can expand your range of healthy food choices and learn how to plan ahead to make and uphold a tasty, healthy diet.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Afobe puts Bournemouth ahead of Nations Cup
by Reuters News 02 Jan 2017, 15:24 IST
Britain Football Soccer - Swansea City v AFC Bournemouth - Premier League - Liberty Stadium - 31/12/16 Bournemouth's Joshua King celebrates scoring their third goal with Benik Afobe Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
KINSHASA (Reuters) - Bournemouth striker Benik Afobe has pulled out of the African Nations Cup finals to stay with his Premier League team despite recently switching his allegiance from England to the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The Congolese football federation (Fecofa) on Monday confirmed Afobe's withdrawal from a 31-man preliminary squad, who have gathered in Yaounde, Cameroon for pre-tournament preparations.
"Afobe has forfeited from the tournament," said media officer Gerard-Desire Angengwa without offering any reason. British media reported that Afobe had told the Congolese coach Florent Ibenge he wished to consolidate his place in the Bournemouth starting line-up after scoring against Swansea City in a 3-0 away win on Saturday.
"The manager showed faith in me by starting me and I wanted to repay him with a goal, so I'm happy," the 23-year-old told his club's website (www.afcb.co.uk) after the victory on New Year's eve.
"The goal was a great relief and a goal at a crucial time. The lads have been helping me a lot and I want to improve personally."
Afobe now has two goals in his last three starts for the Cherries but could be banned from playing for his club for the duration of the three-week tournament, which starts on Jan. 14, if the Congolese federation take up the issue with FIFA.
Afobe's decision comes less than two months after receiving FIFA's permission belatedly to switch his international allegiance after previously playing for England at the under-21 level.
He was supposed to debut for the Congolese in November's World Cup qualifier at Guinea but was stymied when the Football Association sent his paperwork for the switch of nationality to the wrong federation, embarrassingly mixing up DR Congo with neighbouring Congo-Brazzaville.
Afobe had been left frustrated after flying all the way to Africa to find he was not eligible to play, permission coming too late after the mix-up in London was discovered.
DR Congo have a tough group at the tournament in Gabon, competing with holders Ivory Coast, Morocco and Togo in Group C. Their opening game is against Morocco in Oyem on Jan. 16.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Cape Town; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly; mark.gleeson@thomsonreuters.com; +27828257807; Reuters Messaging: Reuters Messaging: mark.gleeson.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)
After GoDaddy told the Daily Stormer to get lost, the neo-Nazi news site chose Google as a new home for its controversial domain. Now, Google too has given the site the boot.
“We are cancelling Daily Stormer's registration with Google Domains for violating our terms of service,” a Google spokesperson told TechCrunch. At the time of writing, Google was still listed at the domain registrar in a whois search for the Daily Stormer, which is best known for espousing a violence-tinged anti-Semitic and white supremacist worldview.
The self-described “World's Most Genocidal Republican Website” made mainstream headlines over the weekend, first for GoDaddy's decision and then again when the site appeared to be hacked by Anonymous. Today, the Anonymous-affiliated Twitter account @YourAnonNews accounts claimed that the hack was actually faked in an effort to drive traffic to the site's content, which remained online.
And all the old content is left up by a "UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS" on a shit post site "UNDER THE CONTROL OF ANONYMOUS." Doubtful. https://t.co/FNYRCYWEDx — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
On Sunday, GoDaddy cancelled the infamous hate site's domain after it posted a story brutalizing Charlottesville victim Heather Heyer. “Given this latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,” the company explained in a statement accompanying the decision.
Featured Image: JOSH EDELSON/Getty Images
NATIONAL
President Moon Jae-in delivers his Liberation Day speech at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts in downtown Seoul on Tuesday. (Yonhap)
President Moon Jae-in pledged Tuesday to do “whatever it takes” to stop war on the peninsula, saying South Korea is the only country to make a decision on any military action and the crisis must be tackled peacefully.In his first Liberation Day address, the liberal leader called for North Korea to freeze nuclear and missile tests as a condition for talks.“There cannot be a war on the Korean Peninsula ever again,” Moon said. “No one can decide on military action without the consent of South Korea. The government will risk everything to stop war. Whatever it takes, the nuclear issues must be resolved peacefully.”Sanctions and dialogue are “not about what's first and later,” he said, stressing the purpose of intensive sanctions and pressure is to bring out Pyongyang to dialogue, not to heighten military tension. History tells that any breakthroughs have been made possible in the nuclear standoff when the two elements were “going together,” he noted.“Resolving the North Korean nuclear issues ought to start with a nuclear freeze. North Korea should at least cease additional nuclear and missile provocations in order to create the condition for dialogue,” the president said.“Remember the periods when the North declared a moratorium on missile launches or a halt in nuclear tests were the best times for inter-Korean relations, with no exception, while North Korea-US and North Korea-Japan talks were promoted and multilateral diplomacy in Northeast Asia was active.”The speech came amid mounting tension between Pyongyang and Washington.The North has been threatening “enveloping fire” by shooting four missiles toward Guam, prompting US President Donald Trump to hit back with tweets that military solutions are “now fully in place, locked and loaded.”With the exchange of furious tit-for-tat threats stoking concerns over a miscalculation-led armed conflict, Moon on Monday displayed firm opposition against war, calling for Washington to act in a “coolheaded and responsible manner.”On Sunday, US foreign policy and security chiefs also stepped in to tame Trump's rhetoric and defuse tension. In an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis said the US' top priority remains a “peaceful pressure campaign,” though it is ready for military action if necessary.They reiterated that Washington is “willing to negotiate” with Pyongyang and has “no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea, singling out a cessation of provocative threats and weapons tests as a “sincere indication” of its “good faith” for talks.“I pronounce once again that we do not want North Korea's collapse and will not pursue a unification by absorption nor an ‘artificial' unification,” Moon said.By Shin Hyon-hee (heeshin@heraldcorp.com)
TORONTO -
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday, less than six months away from the June provincial election.
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September, a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown told reporters he hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal “maybe when she stands trial” and went on to describe her as a “sitting premier, sitting in trial.”
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness.
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne's lawyer and following a libel notice in October, saying he would “ignore her baseless legal threat.” His lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory.
Wynne's legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $100,000 in general, aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages. Brown's statements harmed Wynne's reputation, they wrote.
“The deliberate, malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff's reputation,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“The defendant's egregious misconduct in publishing statements that he knew to be false, his ongoing refusal to retract these false statements, and his high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff's complaints were baseless and would be ignored, all justify an award of aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant.”
Wynne's spokeswoman said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier's ability to continue with the legal case.
“We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for his defamatory remarks,” Jenn Beaudry wrote. “It should be that simple. However, if he continues to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action.”
Brown has not yet filed a statement of defence.
Progressive Conservative Bill Walker also made remarks in September suggesting the premier was under investigation and facing charges in connection with the Sudbury bribery trial. He apologized hours after receiving a letter from Wynne's lawyers.
“Mr. Walker's apology and retraction were widely reported in the media and there can be no doubt that the situation was extensively discussed by (Brown) and his staff,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“As a result, the defendant was fully aware that the Walker statements were false, and that Mr. Walker had retracted them and issued a public apology.”
The two Liberals on trial in Sudbury were ultimately acquitted.
Wynne previously sued the former Progressive Conservative leader, Tim Hudak, and another Tory member of provincial parliament after the pair said she oversaw — and possibly ordered — the destruction of documents related to two cancelled gas plants. Those are allegations for which two McGuinty-era staffers are on trial and awaiting a judge's decision.
That lawsuit was resolved in 2015, though it is not known whether it was settled or withdrawn.
“It's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato.” — Lewis Grizzard
Tomato season has arrived and local farm markets are brimming with sensational, seasonal fruit of all sizes, shapes and colors. At the market you may find tomatoes that are deep red and rotund, or petite poppers of bright orange and yellow, dusky purple or pale pink heirlooms, or pale green orbs just the right size for breading and pan frying, or pureeing for cake batter.
A wildly popular component of the American diet year round, seasonal summer tomatoes are now at the pinnacle of perfection. Richly ripe, and saturated with sun soaked sweetness, tomatoes are a conscious cooks' dream ingredient. Sliced thickly and seasoned with just a spritz of sea salt, tomatoes embody the sun, each heat soaked slice rendering fabulous flavor.
Once considered toxic, tomatoes supposedly became an accepted ingredient in 1820, when a sea captain consumed a basket of tomatoes in front of a large crowd. When he survived his sizeable snack, the spectators were won over to the fruit and have consumed them copiously ever since. While the tomato is the fruit of a flowering plant, it is considered a vegetable for culinary use, and was designated a vegetable by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1893!
Tomatoes provide a superior source of lycopene, a powerful, natural antioxidant that may have the capability of offering protection against sunburn and certain cancers. High in fiber, tomatoes may benefit the body by being a cholesterol lowering food and a blood sugar stabilizer. Among their other significant health benefits, consuming tomatoes may help repair lungs damaged by bad air or cigarette smoking, combat heart disease, save vision, and provide anti-aging nourishment for the brain.
Beautiful and beneficial, tomatoes are an ever so versatile crop. Whether chopped into sauces and salsas, blended into silky bisques or soups, piled on platters and paired with creamy fresh mozzarella or tangy goat cheese and finished off with a shower of fresh basil leaves and extra virgin olive oil, layered with zucchini, eggplant and fresh herbs and baked until bubbling, tomatoes make a sublime summer meal.
Savor summer's heat as you prepare a delicious life!
Hot Tomato Toast
Makes 8 servings
2 large garlic cloves, minced
Sea salt or Kosher salt
8 tablespoons olive oil
3 Tablespoons white wine vinegar or balsamic vinegar
1 pound of tomatoes (use any variety, super sweet cherry tomatoes would be lovely)washed and sliced
Freshly ground black pepper
8 slices of sturdy bread, baguette, ciabatta, etc. cut about 1 inch thick
1 cup of chopped fresh herbs ( basil, parsley, chives, thyme or any of your favorites)
2 very ripe avocados, peeled and mashed
Mix garlic together with a pinch of salt in a bowl and mash with a fork to make a paste. Add half of olive oil and vinegar. Add tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and toss until well coated. Let sit for 30 minutes to blend flavors.
Meanwhile prepare a grill for medium high heat. Brush both sides of the bread slices with remaining olive oil and grill until nice brown grill marks appear, but do not blacken. Remove bread from grill and divide avocado mash between the 8 slices. Add herbs to tomato mixture, then divide tomatoes between the bread slices. Sprinkle with a dash of salt and serve.
For more information on Robin Glowa, HHC, AADP, “The Conscious Cook,” go to www.theconsciouscook.net
Mohammad Arshad
Islamabad
The Fayyaz Sumbal Cricket Series Charity Cupcame to an end after an exciting two days matches between Australian Police Federation XI vsIslamabad XI and Australian Police Federation XI vs Serena Hotels XI. The matches were held at Marghazar Cricket Stadium, Islamabad where the charity cup was held under the Serena Hotels sports diplomacy initiative.
The FayyazSumbal Foundation is named after Deputy Inspector General Fayyaz Sumbal, who was amongst 38 people tragically killed in suicide bombing at a funeral in Pakistan in 2013. The Foundation aims to honour Fayyaz's work by continuing to work for peace and security, as well as fostering goodwill and cooperation between Australia and Pakistan. The foundation raises funds for Provincial Police in Pakistan and donates these funds every year to the respective police welfare branches.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Serena Hotels Aziz Boolani,, said, “Cricket is a passion in Pakistan and as a sport it embodies all the best attributes of any game – encouraging teamwork, discipline, hard work and strategic thinking.
Under Serena Hotels Sports Diplomacy initiatives, we support, facilitate and sponsor numerous sports events and our commitments to sports diplomacy and corporate social responsibility have found expression in the Fayyaz Sumbal Cricket Series Charity Cup. Serena Hotels has incorporated sports diplomacy into its annual calendar by hosting, sponsoring or facilitating diverse tournaments and matches which transcend cultural differences and bring people together.
Beijing
Chinese President Xi Jinping offered congratulations to a media organization launched Saturday, urging it to “tell China stories well” to the world.
“The relationship between China and the rest of the world is undergoing historic changes. China needs to know better about the world and the world needs to know better about China,” Xi said in a congratulatory letter to the China Global Television Network (CGTN).
Set up by China Central Television (CCTV) as a rebranding of CCTV news, CGTN will integrate resources as part of the trend in media convergence, and be a multi-language, multi-platform media group.
It will consist of six TV channels, three overseas branches, a video content provider and a digital media division.—Xinhua
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When a child complains of aching limbs, it is all too easy to pass it off as 'growing pains' – but a Cambridge expert says they should not be ignored.
Tom Quantrell, the national lead for paediatric physiotherapy for Spire Healthcare, based at Progress at Spire Cambridge Lea Hospital, says growing pains do exist and parents should seek specialist advice if their child is in distress, or can no longer do what they want to do because they are in pain.
“All too frequently I get asked: ‘Is there such a thing as growing pains?' The answer is a definite yes, and then I explain why to tired-looking parents, who have been searching for an appropriate answer to why their normally fit and well child is unable to take part in their activities of choice because of pain,” he said.
“Sadly, ‘it's just growing pains' is a comment all too often thrown out there, seemingly without a great deal of thought, and without other possibilities being considered.
“Of course, children and adolescents grow, but where I take issue is when a concerned parent takes their child to a professional and explains that when they play football for 20 minutes or overstretch to play a cricket shot, their child's knee pain is at the point where they are in tears and cannot continue, only to be told it is growing pains.
(Photo: Getty Images)
"I am pretty sure that there has not been a rapid increase in height during the first half of a game or while overstretching for a pull shot.”
Children between three and 12 may be affected by growing pains. When a child grows, the brain releases a hormone and the skeleton reacts to this hormone and will start to grow.
This can often occur through the limbs at a more rapid rate than the trunk. The soft tissue adapts over time under load, to the stretch from the growing skeleton it is attached to, and the normal activities of an active child or adolescent.
The soft tissue can become “short” or “tight”, relative to the rapidly growing skeleton, and can be painful.
Sports fanatic Max Ramsden, 11, who plays for the under 11s at Royston Rugby Club, suffered significant pain in his knee joints three years ago, and was told he would need surgery as his hips had not rotated.
Instead, his parents rested him for one summer and he seemed to recover until a year ago, when he started to suffer heel pain.
His father, Nigel, said: “We knew of the team at Progress and decided to fund treatment ourselves. One session was all it took. Tom put Max through his paces, but in such a way that it was Max who designed the exercises under Tom's expert tuition.
“Tom provided tips and an exercise programme, which Max followed once back at home.
“Now he is pain free, and if he does ever feel pain returning, he reaches for his physio roller and carries out the exercises on his own. He is happily playing sport again, and back with the under 11s.”
Progress is one of the few hospitals in the country offering a paediatric and adolescent musculoskeletal service.
5 things to remember when addressing so-called “growing pains”:
1. You should seek specialist advice if your child is in distress or can no longer do what they want to do because they are in pain.
2. Do not take too long to get advice and help because once you have it, the child is usually fairly quick to fix. On average you only need to see them for three sessions unless it is post-operative rehab.
3. You do not always need a GP referral to visit a physiotherapist.
4. You really need to see a physiotherapist who has experience in treating children and adolescents with musculoskeletal problems– not someone who only sees adults – as they will have a different perspective.
5. If night time aches (growing pains) persist, still seek advice in case there is an underlying problem.
Huawei will tell you the Mate 10 is all about onboard artificial intelligence and everything that AI can bring to the smartphone experience.
And AI is all well and good. What makes the Mate 10 Pro a great buy today is its excellence in the core smartphone experience. Things like getting to the end of the day on a single charge, no matter what you're doing. And taking excellent photos even in challenging night-time conditions.
A NASA agent can be sued for allegedly subjecting a 74-year-old granny to a "degrading" two-hour interrogation over a sliver of moon rock.
That's according to the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco, which late last week ruled space agency investigator Norman Conley is not, at least in this case, immune from the law.
Back in 2011, Joann Davis and her 70-year-old husband Paul Cilley were collared in a NASA-led sting operation, and grilled by officials in a Denny's parking lot in Lake Elsinore, California. During this public interrogation, Davis wet her pants after her pleas to use the bathroom were ignored, it is claimed.
Why the humiliating questioning? Because the couple had a rather interesting keepsake they wanted to sell to settle their son's medical bills: a paperweight containing lunar rock the size of a single grain of rice.
And Uncle Sam really, really wanted it back.
Davis and her first husband Robert had both worked at North American Rockwell in the 1960s, building parts for the Apollo space program. After the first manned moon landing, the family claims Neil Armstrong gave Robert a fragment of the moon and a small piece of Apollo 11's heat shield as a thank you for the brilliant engineer's hard work.
The two objects were separately encased in lucite and used as paperweights by Robert. When he died in 1986, they were left to his wife. In 2011, Mrs Davis ran into financial difficulties and planned to sell the two paperweights to foot her son's medical bills and help her raise several grandchildren after her daughter passed away.
She emailed NASA for advice on how to sell the trinkets. She was then telephoned by someone calling himself Jeff and claimed to be a broker. Jeff said he had learned the grandmother wanted to flog her cosmic memorabilia, and claimed he had previously worked on the space shuttle program. However, unbeknownst to Davis, Jeff was in fact a NASA special agent called Norman Conley.
Conley knew but for some reason, over the course of seven long phone calls, didn't tell Davis that selling moon rock is straight up illegal. All samples taken from our natural satellite on the Apollo missions are the property of the US government and cannot be hawked legally. But rather than tell Davis this, Conley chose to set up a sting operation to recover the rock and heat shield shards. Davis even told Jeff she knew someone had been jailed for touting moon rock, but she believed she was in the clear because the material was a legit gift.
Davis had stressed to Conley that she wanted to "do things legally" because she was "just not an illegal person." Jeff agreed, saying "you and I are both legal people," and yet he warned her "the sale of a moon rock ... can't be done publicly," court documents [PDF] state.
That stings
Still using the moniker Jeff, Conley arranged to meet Davis and her husband at a Denny's diner to discuss the matter. To handle the apparently dangerous septuagenarians – Davis stands an intimidating 4ft 11in tall – the agent brought along three armed Feds and three of the Riverside County Sheriff's officers.
After exchanging pleasantries, Conley suddenly grabbed Davis' hand and snatched her moon rock paperweight from her, while an agent restrained Davis' husband by gripping the back of his neck and holding his arm behind his back. The pair were searched and then marched into the parking lot where they were quizzed for about two hours.
On the way out, Davis told her interrogators twice that she was losing control of her bladder and was in dire need of a visit to the restroom, and these pleas were ignored, it is claimed. She then had to urinate in her trousers, which she told Conley made her "very uncomfortable." Conley claims he offered her "a number of remedies" for her wet clothing, but she refused – a version of events Davis disputes.
After the questioning was over, the couple was released, and Conley asked prosecutors to bring charges against Davis. However, the authorities declined to bring any further action.
Not so Davis, who sued Uncle Sam and the NASA agent, alleging wrongful detention under the Fourth Amendment. Conley tried to shut down the lawsuit by arguing for immunity as a public servant, and asked for a summary judgment, but this request was denied by the district courts.
Conley and his bosses kicked the matter up to the appeals court, which has sided with the district judge: Davis can indeed sue Conley, and he is not entitled to immunity. Normally, US government workers cannot be personally taken to court just for doing their job as long as they follow the Constitution – you have to challenge Uncle Sam if you have a problem with its decisions – but in this case, Conley must face the allegations.
"Davis, who is an elderly woman, was detained by Conley in a public parking lot for two hours, while she stood in urine-soaked pants, and Conley questioned her incident to a search, concerning Davis' possession of a paperweight containing a rice-grain-sized bit of lunar material," said Chief Judge Sidney Thomas in his ruling on Thursday.
"The district court correctly concluded that Davis has raised genuine issues of material fact as to whether Conley's detention of Davis was unreasonably prolonged and degrading ... and that Conley was not entitled to qualified immunity as a matter of law."
Davis' earlier attempt to sue the US government was dismissed by a federal judge, although she is now free to pursue Conley. Meanwhile, Armstrong, who died in 2012, maintained he never once gave any moon rock or other lunar materials to anyone. ®
Charges Filed In Death Of Hartland Man
December 11, 2017
Charges have been filed against a Fowlerville woman in connection with a Howell Township crash last September that killed a Hartland man.
53-year-old Sarah Jane Fluegel is set to be arraigned December 14th in 53rd District Court on charges of operating while intoxicated causing death and reckless driving causing death. The Livingston County Sheriff's Office says 72-year-old Alan Zielinski was killed September 5th when his 2001 Jeep Cherokee was hit by Flugel's 2016 Mazda 6 on Grand River Avenue east of Burkhart Road. The crash occurred where the roadway narrows down to one lane and authorities said at the time that road rage may have been at play. Zielinski's Jeep was forced off the road and overturned, hitting a telephone pole, a tree and a cement pillar. He was pronounced dead at the scene. While alcohol was not suspected as a factor at the time of the crash, toxicology reports on Fluegel eventually came back positive for narcotics.
Known as Papa Z to family and friends, Zielinski (pictured) is survived by his wife of 32 years, Marsha, two children and two grandchildren. (JK)
ISLAMABAD : Advisor to Prime Minister on Finance Miftah Ismail has said that the country's economy is improving and growth rate has reached about 6 percent.
Addressing World Islamic Economic Forum in Karachi today (Monday), he said that current economic condition is comparatively much better than the last ten years.
The Adviser said the government has taken major steps to address poverty and unemployment issues, besides problems being faced by the business community.
He said that the steps are also being taken for the promotion of industry and small business.
Miftah Ismail said that incumbent government has added 12 thousand megawatt electricity to national grid during the last 5-years.
Orignally published by NNI
Three will definitely not be enough company in Suzanne Somers's sprawling California property. The 73-acre compound features eight bedrooms, nine baths, and two half baths, and includes 8,826 square feet of living space. Previously listed for as much as $35 million, the Palm Springs home is now on the market for $14.5 million, reports Variety. There are multiple structures on the plot, including a guest house designed by architect Albert Frey in the 1950s made of rock. In fact, most of the materials for the estate's villas have come from the land itself. Somers and husband Alan Hamel have owned the property since 1977 and have updated extensively. There is also a 5,000 bottle wine cellars, multiple indoor and outdoor fireplaces, swimming pool, spa, and waterfalls, and an outdoor amphitheater.
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday held bilateral talks with the President of Namibia, Mr Hage Geingob, at the presidential villa, Abuja.
The Namibian leader, who is visiting Nigeria for the first time since inception of the Buhari administration in May 2015, arrived at the presidential villa at about 3.05 p.m.
President Geingob was received at the forecourt of the villa by Buhari, who stepped out of the ongoing Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting to welcome his visitor.
Others at the forecourt of the presidential villa to welcome the Namibian leader included cabinet ministers and some presidential aides.
The bilateral talks between the two presidents would centre on issues bordering on trade, economy and culture.
A car smashed into a pizza restaurant east of Paris late Monday, killing a girl, but investigators said the young driver had tried to commit suicide and the incident was not terror-related.
The episode came just five days after a terror-linked car attack on soldiers, the latest in a string of assaults in France since early 2015.
Investigators have "ruled out the terrorist hypothesis" behind the latest incident, which took place in the town of Sept-Sorts, 55 kilometres (34 miles) east of Paris, a source close to the inquiry said.
The man, who was arrested, said "he had tried to kill himself yesterday (Sunday) without success and decided to try again this way," the source said.
In Paris, interior ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet said the fatality was a girl aged 13, and not aged eight as initially reported.
Four people were seriously hurt, after a preliminary figure had been given of six.
The driver, born in 1985, "is not known to the intelligence services and has no criminal record," Brandet said.
One of the four was the girl's younger brother, police said.
Earlier, the public prosecutor's office in the town of Meaux said investigators believed the act was "deliberate... but apparently has no connection with a terrorist act."
France is on edge after suffering a string of terror-related attacks, including the use of cars as weapons.
On August 9, six soldiers were injured after they were hit by a rented BMW in the western Paris suburb of Levallois-Perret. A BMW was also involved in Monday's incident.
The suspect, a 36-year-old Algerian man, was later shot and wounded after a dramatic motorway chase.
The death toll from jihadist attacks in France has exceeded 230 since January 2015.
The country has been under a state of emergency since the Islamic State group attacked in Paris in November 2015, leaving 130 people dead.
It originated almost 100 years ago, according to Prince's Hot Chicken, a fabled Nashville restaurant, when a scorned lover took revenge on her allegedly cheating man by serving him fried chicken sprinkled with “devilish” amounts of hot pepper.
“It makes your brain go crazy,” Pawel Grezlikowski says of well-spiced food. “It's like when people do drugs and it activates dopamine.”
But, when pain yields to head-popping pleasure, there's nothing quite like the happy sting of spicy food.
There's no reason to want it — after all, it hurts.
To her dismay, Thornton Prince asked for seconds, according to the restaurant's website, and that's when the “legend was born.”
Since P.G Clucks opened in September, customers have flocked to the shop, according to Grezlikowski, waiting in long lines and leaving a greasy ring of chicken drippings and joy outside the diminutive takeout counter. In one recent week, he says, customers gobbled their way through 1,000 pounds of P.G Clucks meat.
“It's super popular right now,” he says of the hot chicken trend, which, he kind of predicted.
Grezlikowski was working as a food entrepreneur crafting and selling charcuterie at farmer's markets and to restaurants, when one of his clients, who had signed a lease to open a bar on College St., suggested he open up a shop in an adjacent space (the same space once housed an unrelated fried chicken operation).
Initially, he planned to showcase his charcuterie by selling fancy sandwiches, but with just 190 square feet of space, he decided to simplify. An avid reader of cookbooks, follower of food trends, and admitted Popeyes Chicken addict, Grezlikowski seized on the hot chicken trend and ran with it.
He and his staff make every order fresh, tipping the chicken — deboned dark meat — twice into a flour dredge with spices including cayenne, garlic, onion and black pepper, before hitting the deep fryer for six minutes. Once crisp, staff plunge the cooked chicken into a deep bath of scarlet-coloured cayenne-laced oil. Try it in the classic sandwich ($7) or, as I did, as a two piece ($8 including one side of, say, coleslaw or potato salad).
Each generous order has a brilliantly dark, crispy exterior cradling perfectly cooked, juicy meat and the spice — you can choose your alarm level — first hits the tongue before it creeps up your nose. Though high spice can be intimidating, Clucks' version is tasty and flavourful, rather than requiring a fire extinguisher.
Not to miss is an off-menu item Grezlikowski and his girlfriend pastry chef Stephanie Forgione put together first as a gimmick for Instagram before they realized it tastes “amazing.”
And, it does. If you're up for a treat, ask nicely for the Jalapeno & Honey sandwich on a cruller ($9). The curvy doughnuts, made fresh in house, are served alone too ($2.50), but they're sublime as the bun of this sandwich. The crisp bird is drizzled with honey and buttermilk sauce and nestled between the light-as-air doughnut, which is topped with sliced jalapenos. It's a brilliant mix of sweet and heat.
Rockford Peaches — Team That Inspired 'A League Of Their Own' — Celebrates 75 Years
This summer marks the 75th anniversary of the first season of the American Girls Professional Baseball League — the league that inspired the movie A League of Their Own.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
Seventy-five years ago, a team of ball players walked onto a baseball diamond in Rockford, Ill. They were all women. And their team, the Rockford Peaches, was part of a brand-new league that was called the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. You might have heard a little bit of their story before.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "A LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN")
TOM HANKS: (As Jimmy Dugan) Are you crying? There's no crying. There's no crying in baseball.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
That's from the 1992 film "A League Of Their Own." It is based on the Rockford Peaches, who played their first game 75 years ago today. It was a historic moment - women playing professional baseball at a time when they were very rarely the public face of a major sport.
CORNISH: In Rockford tonight, the city kicks off celebrations of that day, but the Rockford Peaches are just one of the teams of women who went up to bat in the 1940s and '50s. Thousands of fans once flocked to see the South Bend Blue Sox, the Kenosha Comets and the Racine Belles. Dolly Konwinski, who's now 82, played third base for the Grand Rapids Chicks.
DOLLY KONWINSKI: I probably thought I was in heaven and playing on God's team. It was such a wonderful feeling.
KELLY: Konwinski got her start playing ball as a kid in Chicago.
KONWINSKI: I played with the boys in the Chicago neighborhood. I didn't want to play with dolls, so my father got me a ball and a bat. And off we went to the open fields in Chicago to play baseball.
KELLY: Sue Macy, who wrote a book about the league, says it gave girls like Konwinski the chance to play in the big leagues. In the midst of World War II, Macy says P.K. Wrigley of the Chicago Cubs came up with the idea of a women's league.
SUE MACY: He decided that maybe he should draft women to play an alternative to Major League Baseball because he wanted the public to still, you know, want to watch baseball when the war was over, and he wanted to keep the product going.
CORNISH: For baseball player Dolly Konwinski, the league did more than just keep baseball alive.
KONWINSKI: We laid a path for all the young ladies who want to follow their dreams. Whether it was in baseball or whatever sport or whatever endeavor they take, they don't have to be afraid that they're going to be put in the back of the line and not get the chance.
CORNISH: And though the celebration in Rockford wraps up this weekend, dozens of the league's players will gather in Kansas City this fall to celebrate the boundaries they broke all those years ago.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "A LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN")
UNIDENTIFIED ACTORS: (As characters, singing) We are the members of the All-American League.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Apple and Aetna have held several secret meetings to discuss offering the Apple Watch to Aetna's 23 million customers, according to CNBC.
These meetings, held on Thursday and Friday of last week in Southern California, reportedly involved top executives from both companies, including Myoung Cha, who is in charge of Apple's special health projects, and hospital chief medical information officers from across the country.
Aetna could roll out the plan as early as next year, according to a CNBC source.
This is not the first time Apple has joined up with the health insurance company. Aetna already offers the Apple Watch to its 50,000 employees. Aetna also announced last September it would be offering the Apple Watch to select large employers and these talks could be an extension of that announcement.
Aetna now reportedly has ambitions to offer it to a wider field — adding large swaths of new health data to pull from and giving the health insurance company insight into the activities of its customers.
The deal also would be beneficial to Apple, which heavily promotes the Apple Watch for health and fitness and briefly became the top wearable vendor this year, beating out Fitbit before Xiaomi took the top spot in Q2.
Apple also has been secretly hiring biomedical engineers and beefing up work on sensors for tracking blood sugar levels and detection of other diseases, which would come in handy for any health insurer wanting data-driven insights into its customer base.
Of course, whether customers will be willing to give up that information in exchange for the Apple Watch remains to be seen.
The capital's citizens on Monday expressed their concern over the miserable condition of passengers van stops and demanded their urgent overhauling from Capital Development Authority (CDA). The waiting sheds constructed by Civic Authority a long time ago to facilitate passengers are in dilapidated condition and require urgent attention to make the facility practical.
Anwar Aftab at Abpara stop, while taking to APP while appreciating the facility a blessing in all weather extremes called for their maintenance and cleanliness by the CDA's relevant departments.
A lady passenger, requesting not to be named, said they were happy when the facility was established as they were able to wait a van with ease while sitting. She however complained the space must be customized for dedicated portion for female travelers.
Another female Mrs. Imtiaz was concerned about non-availability of electricity, making them to wait under streetlights along road to night.
Zahoor Ahmed a passenger waiting a van at T&T Stop said some sheds were being used by drug addicts due to their deteriorating condition. He asked for their cleanliness so that proper usage of facility could be ensured.—APP
Related
Streaming revenues rose 41 per cent to become the largest source of income for recorded music in 2017.
Trade groups the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry's annual survey recorded streaming growth for the third year running, up 8.1 per cent year-on-year. Paid streaming rose 45.5 per cent. However, it's still two-thirds of the income the record industry took home in 1999, its peak year.
Vinyl continues to grow, up 22.3 per cent in 2017, outselling digital downloads. Despite this, revenue from physical formats has fallen from $25.2bn in 1999 to $5.2bn in 2017. Digital downloads peaked in 2012.
"The industry remains united in its commitment to solve the value gap, the most significant roadblock on the path to sustainable growth, where certain online user upload services exploit music without returning fair revenue to those that are creating and investing in it," the report states.
By "certain services" IFPI means YouTube. "Services such as Spotify, Amazon Music Unlimited, Deezer and Apple Music are forced to compete with music platforms that do not play by the same rules and that claim they arenot liable for the music they distribute."
Click to enlarge
The global trade group sees hope in Latin America, where the growth of streaming revenue has exceeded the decline of physical – and China remains a "challenge". There's more here (PDF). ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Have your say
Peterborough Sports lost a quite remarkable game in Division One South of the Evo Stik League today (February 3).
The city side went down 5-4 at play-off chasing Chasetown after twice fightback from two-goal deficits.
It was a horrible start for Sports who conceded two goals in the opening six minutes, but Ollie Medwynter and Jordan Macleod struck to drag them level before the break.
Chasetown also started the second half in style and, helped by their second penalty, were 4-2 up after 50 minutes.
But back came Sports again to level though Sam Hill and Andrew Williams, the latter with a goal described as ‘one of the best' manager Jimmy Dean had seen live!
It was 4-4 after 59 minutes, but Chasetown went back in front four minutes later and stayed there.
Sports stayed 18th as none of the four teams below them managed to win, but they are just two points clear of the one relegation place.
Bottom club Gresley saw their scheduled fixture at home to Spalding United postponed.
Stamford AFC continue to head in the right direction. They eased to a 1-0 success at Kidsgrove Athletic thanks to a 20th-minute strike from Bradley Fortnam-Tomlinson.
The Daniels are up to fifth.
RESULTS:
EVO-STIK LEAGUE
Division One South: Chasetown 5, Peterborough Sports 4 (Medwynter, Macleod, Hill, Williams); Kidsgrove Athletic 0, Stamford 1 (Fortnam-Tomlinson).
Postponed: Gresley v Spalding Utd,
KARACHI: Lawmakers belonging to the Muttahida Qaumi Movement-Pakistan (MQM-P) staged a walkout from the Sindh Assembly session on Friday over increasing knife attacks in the port city.
The attacks have struck fear in the hearts of the area's residents, causing them to stay at home in order to protect themselves. Playgrounds and parks in the area have seen a sharp decline in visitors and many restaurants and cafes, for which Gulistan-e-Jauhar is famous, are also seeing a decrease in the number of customers.
The total number of victims of the mysterious crime has reached 13. After law enforcement agencies failed to nab the suspect(s) involved in the attacks of several women in the vicinity of Gulistan-e-Jauhar and Gulshan-e-Iqbal, the residents of these areas, along with Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) workers, also staged a protest at Jauhar Chowrangi on Thursday.
The incidents of stabbing women, which have been occurring since September 26, have continued despite availability of close-circuit television (CCTV) footage.
In these videos, a young man wearing a helmet is seen approaching a victim and then stabbing her before fleeing from the scene.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Charlottesville Violence Highlights Republican Party's History Of Far-Right Factions NPR's Robert Siegel talks with Sam Tanenhaus, who studies the conservative movement, about how the Republican Party has historically grappled with far-right wing factions.
MANHATTAN, Kan. (AP) – Kansas State is discussing a contract extension for basketball coach Bruce Weber, who was thought to be on the hot seat last season before guiding the Wildcats back to the NCAA Tournament.
University President Richard Myers said during a news conference Monday to introduce new athletic director Gene Taylor that he thought Weber was deserving of an extension. Weber has two years left on a deal that will pay him $2.15 million next seasons. Weber is 100-68 in five seasons with the Wildcats.
Taylor was hired last week to replace John Currie, who departed for a similar role at Tennessee. It was Currie who hired Weber to replace Frank Martin and subsequently signed him to two contract extensions.
Myers declined to discuss parameters of a contract extension.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
Keep the big picture in mind. You seem reasonable to many people, but they often wonder where you are coming from. You are able to see what others miss. You'll want to consider sharing more of your insights.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Relate to others on an individual level, when possible. Don't get pulled into a big meeting, as you won't be comfortable. Maintain your sense of humour, despite an unexpected response from a partner. This person might be processing his or her thoughts.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
The best way to win a power play or battle of wills is not to play. Bypass the situation, not by ignoring it, but by not getting involved. Expect the other party to be upset, as he or she counts on you to respond to his or her innuendos. The unexpected marks your day.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
You'll want to dive into work and get as much done as possible. You could get into a difficult argument that is likely to mark the next several days, if not weeks. Weigh the pros and cons of getting into a conversation that seems contentious.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
Do not underestimate the implications of a difficult matter that involves your finances. You might not expect to have a problem, or you could deny that possibility. Your creativity comes up with a solution. The unexpected occurs.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
You might want to take a stand at home or at work. Do not expect a positive reception. Others are not likely to be in agreement. You could be taken aback by someone else's words or actions. Lie low, and watch what takes place.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
You could be juggling an overwhelming amount of messages, calls and surprise visits. Trying to stay up-to-date with your regular demands will take talent. An unexpected event could throw you even further off base. Honour a fast change of pace.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
Your internal conversations might be calling for a change in how you handle your assets. You have to decide whether you are willing to deal with this issue. Just how quickly you can get a hold of yourself will be determined by your flexibility.
England forward Raheem Sterling (right) controls the ball next to Colombia midfielder Wilmar Barrios during their round of 16 match on Tuesday. Photo: AFP
London: When teams lose their star players in the course of a tournament like the World Cup, they react in different ways. In 2014, after a horrendous foul in the match against Colombia, Brazil lost Neymar. Their talisman was taken away from the host nation. And they reacted with an explosion of emotion. The challenge in the quarter-finals from Juan Zuniga had left Neymar with a broken back. Initially though, there were fears of a life-threatening and career-ending injury. In the end it was enough to keep him out of the game for six weeks.
The injury seemed to derail the Brazilians. When goalkeeper Julio Cesar and defender David Luis lined for their national anthem in the semi-final, both held up Neymar's jersey. It was an uncommon gesture. Next to the Brazilians, the Germans lined up with only one goal in site. (Or, in this case, seven goals.)
Brazil without Neymar were swept away by the Germans. But the Brazilians looked beaten even before they had touched the ball. It was as if without Neymar they had lost in the mind. The Germans merely confirmed that loss on the pitch.
On Tuesday night, Colombia seemed to react to James Rodriguez's absence in a somewhat different way. Instead of letting the 2014 top scorer's injury cripple their self-belief, like it had the Brazilians, the Colombians steeped onto the pitch against England with a plan to hassle, harry and roughhouse the English. The idea, perhaps, was to provoke the English into a response, break down Gareth Southgate's organization, and then pick off Harry Kane's men with a goal, maybe two. Then defend. And if that didn't work, the English, surely, would melt at the prospect of penalties.
For viewers expecting to see the sparkling Colombia that pulled apart Poland earlier in the tournament, it was a disappointment. It was an engrossing tactical contest to watch. But it wasn't beautiful football by any means. It was not merely the abrasive nature of the Colombian style that stood out, but also the needlessness of some of the needling.
Kane had to wait for almost four minutes to take his penalty. All that while, Colombian players turned their ire on the referee, American Mark Geiger. The ploy was simple. The penalty had been given. VAR had confirmed the foul on Kane. But the Colombians saw the protests as a chance to unsettle the other party in the game: the referee. And it worked. Geiger only barely managed to keep the game under control. Indeed credit for that should rather go to cool heads in the England camp.
Meanwhile, at the end of the first half, Raheem Sterling was nudged in the shoulder by a Colombian team official as he trotted off into the tunnel. Why? Mind games, presumably.
But did Colombia have to play like this at all? Yes, they did start World Cup 2018 with a red card in the match against Japan. But that arose not from malice, but a desperate handball to prevent a Japanese attempt bound for goal.
In the matches since, the Colombians have committed 10-15 fouls per match.
A cursory glance at Colombia's disciplinary record against England suggests that Jose Pekerman's men went for a change of tack in the England match. In one single match the Colombians not only doubled their tally of yellow cards in the World Cup so far, but also overtook their total tally of five yellows in the entire course of the 2014 World Cup.
But did their strategy work? Did the harrying and harassing provoke a response from their opponents?
If Pekerman's master plan was to draw the English into a war of dirty attrition, that plan was not a success. The English held on, resisted the provocation with few exceptions, and despite that equalizer in stoppage time, held their nerve through both halves of extra time. Indeed the tone of the match that had already changed after the Colombian goal seemed to change again in the second half of extra time as England kept possession and seemed to regain confidence. By then, the Colombians were probably playing for penalties anyway.
Given English tendencies, it may have seemed like a safe gamble to play. But this time odds were in England's favour. Afterwards, in the Colombian dugout, James Rodriguez sat with his head in his hands. His absence had changed everything.
Politico: “Inside President Donald Trump's White House, no one seems to be looking forward to September. Senior officials have described the coming month as ‘brutal,' ‘bad' or ‘really tough' because of the confluence of complicated issues — but they also say it's pivotal to get the presidency back on course. Aides hope to have a better blueprint for how the president wants to proceed on a series of thorny issues — the nation's debt ceiling, the 2018 federal budget, tax reform, infrastructure spending and perhaps another stab at repealing Obamacare — after a series of meetings in New York this week.”
“Their goal is to partially temper Trump's expectations, hammer out some compromises and get a competing band of aides on the same page… Trump, who is impatient, wants it all done immediately, said people close to the president — and he has ratcheted up pressure on aides in recent weeks, even though he doesn't always engage with the substance of issues.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Russian Social Accounts Adding To Complaints That Austin Bombings Aren't Being Covered Social media users are complaining that the Austin bombings isn't getting enough coverage in the press. But it isn't only American Twitter users, for example, who are saying that. Accounts associated with Russian influence operations also have picked up that thread.
Finding relationship advice is hard — scratch that, finding good relationship advice is hard. The truth is, relationship advice is everywhere. It's all over the internet, it's in so many magazines, and you're probably getting it from your family and friends — maybe even from people you hardly know. But just because someone is putting relationship advice out there, doesn't mean it's worth taking. Even when someone means well, they don't always know or understand what's going on in your life.
"Friends can be a great source of relationship advice so long as you recognize that their 'wisdom' has its limits," certified counselor Jonathan Bennett tells Bustle. "Everyone is in a unique situation. What worked for your friends might not work for you. So, while you can certainly try the suggestions of your friends, don't assume that theirs is the only way."
And while some bad relationship advice can be laughable, bad relationship advice can also do a lot of damage. If you're inexperienced or vulnerable, it's natural to trust the advice of someone who seems more experienced or just more sure of themselves. But before you take it at face value, it's important to think long and hard about whether it actually makes sense to you. It's important to see things through fresh eyes and listen to the people who have your best interests at heart, but you don't necessarily have to act. Ultimately, you're the only one in your shoes.
And some of the bad dating advice out there is truly terrible. Here are dating experts on the worst piece of dating advice they've heard — it's a good reminder of why you need to trust your instincts.
1 "Don't Text Back Right Away" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Friends will often tell you to wait hours before responding because you don't want to seem 'too available.'" — Therapist Kimberly Hershenson, LMSW
2 "It Will Happen When You Least Expect It" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "'It will happen when you least expect it': This is possibly my least favorite piece of dating advice. The verbiage renders us powerless in the process." — Relationship & Dating Coach Jessica Elizabeth Opert "'Love will just come to you when you least expect it.' Love isn't just some magical feeling that happens randomly, it's built on dedication, connection, and effort. Likewise, people don't just fall in love after a certain period of time. That's why love doesn't come when you least expect it, in truth, it's the product of a shared existence and commitment to similar values." — Caleb Backe, Health And Wellness Expert at Maple Holistics
3 Age Is The Same Thing As Maturity Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Age being a determinant of maturity — '[They're] eight years older than you. [They'd] be good for you. You've always been very childish.' — Relationship Counselor and Clinical Sexologist Dr. Martha Tara Lee of Eros Coaching
4 "Act Like You Don't Care" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "'If you like [them], play like you don't care.' This is a go-to position for most people giving advice. Certainly we don't want to be a chump or pathetically chasing someone. But we do have to give a solid green light to let this person know that we're interested." — Susan Winter, NYC Relationship Expert and Bestselling Author
5 "Be Your Best Self" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "While the intention might be pure, I don't like when people encourage others to be their best selves when dating. People who are dating in a version of what they perceive to be as their ideal self versus their real self might be harming their chances at maintaining a long-term relationship. The reality is that we are not going to be able to maintain the idealized versions of ourselves for long, so after a while your partner is going to learn about your real self. You want the person you are with to love you and accept you as you are, not as the person you're pretending to be. People who find themselves in this type of relationship often find the walls of security that they found with their partner come crumbling down in front of them." — Lisa Hochberger, Holistic Sexologist and Sexuality Educator
6 "Lying In Your Online Dating Profile Is OK" Ashley Batz for Bustle "'Lying is OK' — I've had several clients who have been told by other experts that a little dishonesty is OK in your profile because either everyone else does it, or you can correct yourself immediately with the excuse that you had to do it to get people to look at your profile. — the reality is that this advice is complete garbage. Justifying anything by saying that others do it is a great way to fail. Beyond that, the second you are caught in a lie, everything else you say comes into question." — Eric Resnick, Owner And Lead Dating Coach at ProfileHelper.com
7 "Someone Will Come Along" Ashley Batz for Bustle "Some of the worst advice I've ever heard is 'just be yourself, someone will come along'. It's such a disempowering statement. Just be yourself someone will come along. It's really like a way to dismiss someone and not get into though the real meat of what's going on. It's like putting your child in front of the TV all day so you don't have to parent them or deal with them." — John Keegan, Dating Expert "‘Don't worry about finding a partner; the right person will come along'”, Bennet says. “While worrying is never a good idea, if you don't actively focus on finding a good partner, one isn't going to magically pop into your life. People who find quality people aren't sitting back waiting for someone to enter into their lives.” — David Bennett, Certified Counselor, Relationship Expert and Co-author of Seven Self-Help Books
8 "Just Be Yourself" Ashley Batz/Bustle “The worst dating advice I've ever received is to ‘just be yourself,' If you're constantly dateless or always end up with the wrong person, then "being yourself" isn't working. We coach our clients with the advice "be your best self" instead. Work to become the best version of yourself so you can date the highest quality partner possible.” — David Bennett, Certified Counselor, Relationship Expert and Co-author of Seven Self-Help Books
ISLAMABAD, Jun 14 (APP): Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz
Sharif, in order to revive the country's film industry, on Wednesday announced a special package for the artists and other skilled people related with it.
In a statement issued here, the Prime Minister announced
the establishment of a “Prime Minister's Film Finance Fund” to
support fine arts, film and broadcasting industry, and
described it as an “exceptional” step for film making.
He said that a concrete and comprehensive
package would be prepared for the promotion of fine arts and
related personalities including writers and poets.
Under this package, the Prime Minister added that in
line with the international standards, “National Film and
Broadcasting Commission” and “National Film Institute and
Academy” would be established, which would be equipped with
modern studios and other technologies to cope with the
current and future needs.
The Prime Minister, who announced the package in view of
the recommendations forwarded by the Ministry of Information,
Broadcasting and National Heritage, directed the ministry to
present the package in implementable form to the government
for final approval, in consultation with the Ministry of
Finance and other departments concerned.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): Allen County Auditor Tera Klutz will soon be Auditor of the entire state of Indiana.
The Journal Gazette reports that Governor-Elect Eric Holcomb has chosen Klutz to replace current Auditor Suzanne Crouch, who will become Indiana's Lieutenant Governor.
Klutz was first elected to the Allen County post in 2010, and then re-elected in 2014. A caucus will be held to fill the vacancy her appointment leaves behind.
State officials will be sworn in on January 9th in Indianapolis.
Siskel and Ebert, eat your heart out. It's time to get your cinematic paddling juices flowing again, while benefiting American Whitewater, at the 35th-annual National Paddling Film Festival, to be held on Feb. 17-18 in Frankfort, KY, at the Buffalo Trace Distillery.
For 35 years the NPFF has been hosting a competition to determine the best in paddlesport videos and images.
The festival has provided the paddling community with a fun and profitable event to support American Whitewater and river stewardship. In that time, the NPFF has also helped to raise the quality of paddlesport entertainment by providing recognition of talent along with important and useful feedback for the artists who submit to the show.
Tickets are $20 online or $25 at the door.
Included, as always, in this year's festivities will be sponsor booths, a silent auction, parties, Chili Cookoff (meat, veggie, and most unusual categories, plus the crowing of the Chili King/Queen). And there's the annual race–The Jess Cup. The Not-NPFF Downriver Race and Club Championship will be held Saturday on Elkhorn Creek. Race begins at noon and check-in is at Elkhorn /AW Acres. You don't have to compete to go down river – but dress warmly. The Not-NPFF race is not associated with NPFF, and no liability is assumed by NPFF or its volunteers. Hence, the Not-NPFF name. Food vendors will also be selling food each night.
The 2015 Still Photo Winner
Schedule of Events
Friday
5:00 PM – Doors Open/Beer Starts Flowing/Films Start
8:00 PM – Guest Speaker
9:00 PM – Films Continue
11:00 PM – End of Day 1
Saturday
10:00 AM- 2:00 PM Bourbon Tour on the Hour
12:00 noon – Not-NPFF Race check-in at Elkhorn / AW Acres
1:00 PM – Not-NPFF Race start
2:00 PM – 4:00 PM Bourbon Tasting
5:00 PM – Films Start
8:00 PM – Chili Cookoff Served
9:00 PM – Director remarks, Raffles, Film Winners Announced
9:00 PM – Wrap-up Silent Auction bidding
9:20 PM – 11:00 PM Pick-up Silent Auction items
9:45 PM – Guest Host
11:00 PM – End of 2016 NPFF
Info: www.npff.org
NEW signing Albert Kelly insists he does not have “many regrets” as he starts life with title-chasing Hull FC following an acrimonious departure from their city rivals Hull Kingston Rovers.
The capture of the gifted Australian half-back could yet be the best piece of business done by any Super League club in readiness for the 2017 campaign if he can consistently deliver what he showed in flashes for Rovers.
Kelly, though, is simply intent on making the most of his chance with the Challenge Cup holders, who proved such a force last term, especially after his two-year stay at Craven Park came to such a disappointing end.
The former Gold Coast Titans star was suspended by them in September having arrived back two days late from an agreed trip to visit an ill relative in Australia.
Kelly never played for KR again, crucially being omitted for vital Qualifiers fixtures including the ‘Million-Pound Game' loss to Salford Red Devils that ultimately led to the club's relegation.
“I really wouldn't want to get into that,” said Kelly, when asked if he was surprised Rovers did not call on his services for that definitive contest.
“I've not many regrets, really. I would have liked to play a few more games at the back end of the season but it wasn't the case.
“It was kind of frustrating but I look back at it and it's done now and I need to move on.
“It's all behind me now. I'm always looking ahead now and at the challenges in front of me. That's a really big challenge now to get some time on the field and some quality training underneath my belt to get back stronger and fitter.
“I'd just really like to thank everyone at Hull KR who made my time there memorable and I hope they can get back up to Super League where they belong.
“With Tim Sheens there, some of the players they have and some of the new additions, they look exciting. I'll be watching.”
Kelly, however, will be playing in Super League rather than the Championship with Hull hoping his running game, in particular, will inject some added dynamism to their play in 2017.
The Airlie Birds led Super League for most of last year but tailed-off badly after their Wembley success, too often lacking the requisite variety and creativity to break down high-class opponents.
In theory, Kelly, who scored 16 tries in 23 games as Rovers' ‘Player of the Year', should help Lee Radford's side do that and offer competition to both prolific scrum-half Marc Sneyd and Kiwi stand-off Carlos Tuimavave.
“Radders wants me to play my natural game and take a little bit off Sneydy with his kicking,” he said.
“I can do a little bit here and there but he really wants me to run which is one of my favourite things – to run the ball.
“I enjoyed 2015 (with KR) but there's room for improvement on that year. I thought I did all right but I'm setting goals now that I set in 2013 with the Titans – reaching the weight I need to play at to be at my quickest.
“I've got to find that balance between training and playing the game, trying to dig up some of those past goals and re-invent them somehow.
“That (2013) was definitely my best year. I was fit and strong.
“In this moment in time, I think I am a bit more powerful with a few more kgs behind myself. I think if I can just trim down just that little bit and keep that punch and speed I think I should do all right.”
Kelly, of course, is not the first nor will he be the last to switch between Hull's two famous clubs.
At KCOM Stadium, Scott Taylor and Liam Watts have played for both and he maintained joining KR's fierce rivals was never an issue.
“At the time, I wasn't really thinking about it,” added Kelly.
“The opportunity came across and I took it so I'm happy with the decision. The rivalry between FC and KR is probably the biggest in rugby league and I had a little bit of stick which is to be expected.
“But, you know, it's time move on. I'll probably get some stick during the season but it's a bit more motivation for myself.
“I really need to get some good hard training underneath my belt and a few games early in the trials.
“I'll be looking forward to that, having not played in a bit and am I looking forward to the challenge of being back out there.”
Hull face Hull KR in a friendly when Kelly, who has signed a 12-month deal, could debut. A former Australian schoolboy international, he was hailed one of the NRL's brightest talents only to be sacked by both Cronulla Sharks and Newcastle Knights for alcohol-related issues.
This could, then, arguably be seen as a last opportunity to make the most of his obvious talent but Kelly said: “I just really see it as a stepping stone.
“This season is going to be a stepping stone of where I'm going to be next year so I'm looking forward to it.
“I can't wait for the challenge to get my hands dirty.”
Press Secretary: Trump Fired Flynn As National Security Adviser
The resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn hasn't stopped the questions about his calls to the Russian ambassador. White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Tuesday that President Trump asked for Flynn's resignation.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Before she was fired, Sally Yates eventually did approach the White House Counsel less than a week after Trump took office. Today at a news conference, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer shared some more details about when and how the White House found out about the nature of Flynn's calls. We're joined now by NPR national political correspondent Mara Liasson, who was at the news conference today. Hi, Mara.
MARA LIASSON, BYLINE: Hi, Robert.
SIEGEL: This afternoon, Spicer said Trump had asked Flynn to resign. What else did we learn today?
LIASSON: What we learned is that the president first learned about the content of the calls on the 26th of January. That's when the Justice Department told the White House Counsel. Sean Spicer, the press secretary, says the council then told the president. Spicer would not say if the president or anyone in the White House had actually read the transcripts of Flynn's calls with the Russian ambassador, but he said the president had the White House counsel review the issue, interviewed Flynn.
And although Spicer said that the White House immediately concluded there was no legal issue, the president ultimately concluded three weeks later - two and a half weeks later - that there was an erosion of trust. He asked for Flynn's resignation. That slightly contradicts what Kellyanne Conway had said...
SIEGEL: Yeah.
LIASSON: ...This morning on television, which is that Flynn himself decided to resign.
SIEGEL: But if the president knew about this on January 26 and didn't let Flynn go until the 13th of February, what, according to the White House, changed in that period of time?
LIASSON: The White House just says trust was eroding. But what actually changed is that the story became public. On Friday - you just talked to the reporter from The Washington Post - The Post broke the story, and it became a political problem. And Trump has been very transparent about this. Today he tweeted. He said, quote, "the real story is leaks."
SIEGEL: But the implication of that is that if it hadn't leaked, Trump might have overlooked his national security adviser's misleading the vice president and others.
LIASSON: Yes, that's possible. Trump says the real story here are these illegal leaks. In other words, the story is not about Flynn talking to the Russians or lying to Pence but that the story was leaked. So he does seem to have overlooked this erosion of trust from January 26 to yesterday even though Sean Spicer went out of his way today to describe Trump as being, quote, "unbelievably decisive."
SIEGEL: What about the White House assertion that there's no legal issue here? Is it OK for Flynn to do what he did?
LIASSON: That's what the White House insists. The White House says Flynn talked to a bunch of leaders from different counter - countries, his counterparts during the transition. That was part of his job. There is something called the Logan Act which prevents private citizens and retired military officers, which would describe Flynn, from engaging in negotiations with foreign governments, but no one has ever been prosecuted under the Logan Act.
Now, to the extent that Flynn was suggesting to the Russians that sanctions could be lifted if they didn't overreact, that's actually not far off from what Trump himself was suggesting in public. He's left the door open to the possibility of potentially lifting the sanctions that President Obama placed on Russia after the hacking of the U.S. elections. But today, Spicer did say that Trump did not tell Flynn to talk to the Russian ambassador about the sanctions...
SIEGEL: Yeah.
LIASSON: ...And that Trump didn't know about the phone calls Flynn was having.
SIEGEL: Well, given the controversy generated by his having talked about the sanctions with the Russian ambassador, does this make it harder for a President Trump now to lift the sanctions if he decided to do that?
LIASSON: I think it does. It was interesting. Today, Spicer went out of his way. He said, it's ironic. He said, the irony is that Trump has been incredibly tough on Russia, and that is ironic since Trump has been unfailingly and conspicuously positive about Vladimir Putin in all of his remarks. He's even gone so far as to draw a moral equivalence between the U.S. and Russia.
So today, Sean Spicer did a 180-degree turn on this. He said Trump wouldn't lift sanctions unless Russia returns Crimea. I asked him about sanctions on Russia's meddling in the election. Spicer said there are no planes - plans to change that sanction's regime.
I think what has happened is you're getting even more pushback from Republicans on Capitol Hill, not just Lindsey Graham and John McCain. You're hearing John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, even Mitch McConnell say they want to investigate Flynn's contacts with Russia. So I do think this controversy has produced another obstacle to Trump lifting sanctions...
SIEGEL: All right.
LIASSON: ...On Russia if that's what he wants to do.
SIEGEL: NPR's Mara Liasson. Mara, thanks.
LIASSON: Thank you.
(SOUNDBITE OF CLUTCHY HOPKINS SONG, "3:06")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Courtney Act has been crowned the winner of Celebrity Big Brother 2018.
The drag queen, also known as Shane Jenek , beat former MP Ann Widdecombe as she stormed to victory with 49 per cent of the vote.
Her win won't come as much of a surprise to her dedicated fans and the bookies, who was favourite to win the series tonight.
Meanwhile Shane Lynch , Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep came third, fourth and fifth, respectively.
This year Courtney, who also appeared on RuPaul's Drag Race and Australian Idol, charmed viewers with her wit and brilliant way of arguing about LGBT issues.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Speaking to host Emma Willis, Courtney was almost speechless.
She said: "I don't know what this means is it real life? This is amazing."
Courtney described everything feeling very "surreal right now".
"It's amazing to think that the public chose me - I guess it's validation in the things that I believe in," she said.
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: WireImage)
They also delved into her bromance with Apprentice star with Andrew Brady.
When asked how much of a crush she had on him, she quipped: "As much as he wants!"
But she was quick to add: "The thing I love about Andrew is that he's so comfortable with everything and everyone... not caring about what anyone in the house thinks... I love and respect him."
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
Courtney added: "The thing that I really did respect was that we both had that understanding."
Excited fans flocked to Twitter about the result, and were ecstatic that Courtney won the Channel 5 reality TV show.
One viewer tweeted: "Such a deserving winner. Courtney has been a pure inspirational soul, not using anger or hate to voice her opinions - but has managed to educate, inspire and win over the UK nation. The year of the woman just couldn't get any better #CBB."
While another commented: "YES SHE DID IT WE LOVE ONE CBB WINNER !!!! #CBBCourtney #CBB."
A third remarked: "I'm so proud of you @courtneyact Done herself proud and educated the public (and housemates) on so many issues! I love her ❤️ #CBB."
A US district court has upheld the American government's ban of Kaspersky Lab software from computers of federal agencies.
Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly, sitting in Washington, DC, issued a ruling Wednesday to dismiss the two lawsuits Kaspersky had filed against Uncle Sam and the Department of Homeland Security challenging both the September 2017 Binding Operative Directive (BOD 17-01) and the Congressional National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), the two documents that blocked government agencies from using Kaspersky Lab's products.
The Moscow-based Kaspersky saw its products blocked from US government use after it was implicated in a Russian government espionage operation that lifted top-secret NSA cyber-weapons from the Windows PC of a careless agency staffer.
Kaspersky had filed a pair of lawsuits to appeal the two government acts, arguing that both the NDAA and BOD 17-01 violated the due process clause of the Fifth Amendment. The government countered that neither act was unconstitutional, and lobbied the judge to dismiss the suits as unfounded.
On Wednesday, Judge Kollar-Kotelly did just that, summarily tossing both Kaspersky claims with a single ruling that Uncle Sam is well within its powers to bar agencies from using Kaspersky's products.
Russian spies used Kaspersky AV to hack NSA staffer, swipe exploit code – new claim READ MORE
In the first part of her decision, Kollar-Kotelly ruled that the NDAA does not run afoul of the Fifth Amendment as it does not meet the definition of an unconstitutional "bill of attainder."
"The NDAA does not inflict 'punishment' on Kaspersky Lab," the judgment read.
"It eliminates a perceived risk to the Nation's cybersecurity and, in so doing, has the secondary effect of foreclosing one small source of revenue for a large multinational corporation."
In the second part of her decision, Kollar-Kotelly went on to find that because the NDAA was upheld and will go into effect later this year, BOD 17-01 would not cause any additional damage to Kaspersky – as agencies aren't going to buy its products with another ban looming – so that appeal was dismissed as well.
"Under these circumstances, it is completely implausible that any government entity would purchase a Kaspersky Lab product before October 1st," the judge reasoned.
"Accordingly, the empty 'right' to sell to the federal government for the short period before October 1st that Plaintiffs could stand to gain from success in the BOD Lawsuit lacks any concrete value."
With its suits not about to be heard by the district court, Kaspersky said it will be taking its case to the court of appeals, seeking to have Kollar-Kotelly's ruling overturned so that it can get its day in court.
"We will vigorously pursue our appeal rights. Kaspersky Lab maintains that these actions were the product of unconstitutional agency and legislative processes and unfairly targeted the company without any meaningful fact finding," the vendor said in a statement on the ruling.
"Given the lack of evidence of wrongdoing by the company and the imputation of malicious cyber activity by nation-states to a private company, these decisions have broad implications for the global technology community." ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Hyundai Motor Group Chairman Chung Mong-koo
Hyundai Motor Group Chairman Chung Mong-koo on Monday urged the company to strive to overcome the uncertain business environment and achieve the group's sales target of 8.25 million cars in the new year.“Trade protectionism is spreading and competition in the auto industry is intensifying, raising business uncertainty” Chung warned Monday during a New Year's meeting. “We will have agile and flexible responses to changes in the external environment by ensuring internal stability and responsible management.”The company will overcome the challenging business environment by improving the competitiveness of its products, Chung said. The group will enhance the quality of its luxury sedans and new energy vehicles, and introduce more than 10 new models every year.The group aims to sell 8.25 million units of Hyundai and Kia cars in the new year by pioneering new markets through its 35 production plants in 10 countries, with more vehicles tailored to local markets. It will also expand its lineup of sport utility vehicles and new energy vehicles, according to the company.The group on Monday said that Hyundai and Kia sold a combined 7.88 million cars in 2016, falling far short of its goal of 8.13 million.By Park Ga-young ( gypark@heraldcorp.com
CLEARWATER, B.C. - Grief counsellors are at an elementary school in British Columbia's southern Interior to help students, staff and parents deal with the death of a Grade 3 youngster. The principal of Raft River Elementary in Clearwater, north of Kamloops, says in a post on the school's website that the boy died Tuesday after being hit by a vehicle.
Lori Bradstock says nothing was shared with students in the hours after the death because RCMP were still trying to notify family members. RCMP in Clearwater and the coroner confirm the boy was on his bike when the accident occurred, but no other details are being released. Sgt. Grant Simpson says charges are not being considered.
Article Continued Below
Bradstock says counsellors will support students who were given the news Wednesday morning, and the counselling team will also offer guidance to parents if they need help discussing the death with their children.
Read more about:
New Delhi: Following months of speculation and furore amid war between the BCCI and Lodha Panel, Supreme Court today - in the hearing that will effectively decide the future of cricket administration in the country - has removed Anurag Thakur as president of the BCCI.
Here are the top developments from the top court's latest hearing:-
1. SC says as per 18 July, 2016 order, Anurag Thakur and Ajay Shirke did not comply with its order and thereby been removed.
2. Contempt of court issues has also been issued to Thakur, who allegedly had "committed perjury" for lying on whether he had asked for a letter from ICC CEO on the appointment of CAG as BCCI member.
3. Supreme Court has further asked all office bearers of BCCI, state associations to abide by recommendations of Lodha panel or demit office forthwith.
4. All office bearers of BCCI and state associations to give an undertaking to abide by recommendations of Lodha Committee.
5. Supreme Court to appoint observer for BCCI after two weeks. Till then, the two senior vice-presidents of the BCCI will run the Board affairs.
6. Senior-most Vice President of BCCI will act as President and Joint Secretary will act as Secretary.
7. Supreme Court says committee of administrator will look after the affairs of BCCI.
8. SC has appointed Fali Nariman & senior SC lawyer Gopal Subramanium as Amicus Curiae to find out who would be the BCCI officials.
9. Names of administrators to be suggested by senior advocate Fali Nariman & Gopal Subramanium. Supreme Court to hear the names on January 19.
10. Order of Supreme court should work as a template for other sports organisations and it should benefit the game of cricket, said RM Lodha
U.K. Prime Minister Calls For Early Election
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alastair Grant/AP Alastair Grant/AP
British Prime Minister Theresa May has announced that she is calling for an early election on June 8, describing it as the "only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead" as the U.K. prepares to negotiate its exit from the European Union.
The decision was immediately welcomed by the head of the Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn. He called it a "chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first."
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, who opposes Brexit, said May's Conservative Party is trying to "move the UK to the right, force through a hard Brexit and impose deeper cuts."
May made the surprise announcement in televised remarks in front of 10 Downing Street. In order to hold a vote ahead of the next scheduled general election in 2020, she will need the backing of Parliament, the BBC reports.
The Conservative party currently holds a small majority in the House of Commons, with 330 of its 650 seats.
"At this moment of enormous national significance, there should be unity here in Westminster," the Conservative leader said. "But instead, there is division," May added, accusing other political parties of weakening the government's leverage with the E.U.
"What they are doing jeopardizes the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home, and it weakens the government's negotiating position in Europe," May added. "If we do not hold a general election now, their political game-playing will continue, and the negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run-up to the next scheduled election."
Watch May's remarks here:
Last month, May triggered the process that began the U.K.'s formal departure from the European Union. British voters made the surprise decision to leave the bloc in a referendum last June.
She emphasized the urgency to hold an election. "[W]e have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done, while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin."
May appeared to challenge her political opponents: "Tomorrow, let the House of Commons vote for an election. Let everybody put forward their proposals for Brexit and their programs for government, and let us remove the risk of uncertainty and instability and continue to give the country the strong and stable leadership it demands."
She said she came to this conclusion "only recently, and reluctantly." She had previously denied that she was considering any election prior to the next one scheduled.
As brands compete — and falter in many cases — to create the ultimate omnichannel experience, Keds has incorporated multichannel integration seamlessly. One reason behind that: Keds implemented Salesforce's Commerce Cloud solution in 2014 — since, the footwear brand has experienced 30 percent sustained revenue growth (a record number for the company), as well as a 19 percent year-over-year increase in conversion rates.The Salesforce Commerce Cloud aims to craft frictionless shopper experiences across channels and convert customers at every touchpoint. AI-fueled personalized shopping journeys, the opportunity to connect with more customers and encouraging streamlined operations are just a few highlights of its mission.Keds' chief marketing officer, Emily Culp, confirmed that the platform has benefitted Keds in many ways. As one such example, the cloud has been particularly instrumental in speeding things up. “Salesforce has enabled us with speed to market via updating content and products faster,” she explained. “This is key to winning with today's consumer, who wants to see the newest story on any device she wants.”Specifically, Culp pointed out how quickly her team was able to remerchandise several pages on its web site in relation to Keds' partnership with the Major League Baseball team due to access of the Salesforce tool. “We just sat down with my team and we crafted in real-time how we were going to remerchandise a few pages in a just few days,” she recalled. “Knowing what it was all going to look like within that timeframe — to me, that's how we know we have an unbelievable tool.”Similarly, the Salesforce Commerce Cloud was especially helpful when launching Keds' recently released Studio shoe collection. “The first place we launched it was on keds.com, and the reason we did that is that we now have an unbelievable treasure trove of access to consumer data,” Culp said.She added that the Salesforce tool has also allowed Keds to test which of the new products in its Studio line customers prefer, and quickly optimize storytelling on the site based on those preferences. “We did a lot of A/B testing in relation to the Studio collection, and it goes back to the Salesforce tool that we could quickly do all of that, optimize it, and have unbelievable sell-through as a result.”Culp acknowledged that the use of the platform has also helped drive innovation, and added that it has been critical in delivering a compelling story to Keds' consumers. “Salesforce has one of the most intuitive merchandising interfaces I've ever seen in my career,” she affirmed.Finally, the cloud's mobile-first approach has proved itself invaluable for Keds' growth. “Our consumer eats, lives, and breathes on a mobile device,” explained Culp, mentioning that 57 percent of Keds' online traffic comes from mobile.The overall result of the platform, as Culp described, is an improved consumer experience for Keds, with enhanced innovative capabilities that spur business growth. “I don't know how you would win with the consumer today in the market without something like this,” she said.For More WWD Business News, See:Here's Why Adidas' Glitch App ThrivesListrak Offers Digital Marketing Solutions to Boost Business SuccessSocial Media Holds Key to Boost Customer ServiceThe Role of Drones in Branding, Retail and Fashion
South Korea's vice unification minister said Thursday that the government will seek to improve strained inter-Korean ties in close cooperation with the United States.
Vice Unification Minister Chun Hae-sung made the remark in his meeting with Thomas Shannon, undersecretary of state for political affairs, in Seoul to exchange views about North Korea, according to the Ministry of Unification.
Vice Unification Minister Chun Hae-sung (right) and Thomas Shannon, US undersecretary of state for political affairs on June 15, 2017. (Unification Ministry)
The two sides shared the view that resolving North Korea's nuclear problems is the top priority, the ministry said. They also raised the need to maintain the ironclad Seoul-Washington alliance when the South carries out its North Korea policy."The vice minister said that South Korea plans to seek (to improve) inter-Korean relations with close cooperation with the US," the ministry said.Shannon arrived in Seoul on Tuesday for a four-day visit to prepare for a summit between President Moon Jae-in and his US counterpart Donald Trump in late June.The summit comes as North Korea is advancing its nuclear and missile programs at an alarming pace, with the goal of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of hitting the US. (Yonhap)
CASE special edition 175th-anniversary skid steers and compact track loaders are rolling off the line in Wichita, Kansas. John Dotto takes you behind the scenes of the manufacturing process to show some of the first special-edition skid steers to roll off the line.
The BCCI mess: How 'Crisis Management' could have saved the day!
Anurag Thakur might have been a good man for the post, but in a battle of almighty egos, he lost out.
@manishpathak187 by Manish Pathak Analysis 02 Jan 2017, 16:45 IST
Some amount of humility would have served them well
There is a term called Crisis Management in brand building. These are not merely words, but essential ingredients which kick in when any organisation is grappling with an unforeseen and disruptive sequence of events and wants to stay afloat and then fight its way back into the fray.
However, Anurag Thakur and Ajay Shirke would now have to sit back, probably close their eyes and ponder at a whole host of 'what ifs'.
They have been sacked, almost publicly stripped off their post, and are now left with plenty of time to look back at the last 6 months.
There was a crisis, but there was no management and now the result is staring at their faces and these results could have well been avoided had egos and jittery communication not come in the way.
The day was July 18, 2016, almost six months ago, when the then Chief Justice of India, TS Thakur accompanied by Justice Ibrahim Kalifulla delivered a series of scathing recommendations and ordered the BCCI to accept the majority of the recommendations made by the RM Lodha-committee.
Incidentally, Lodha himself is a former Chief Justice, and he knew what he was doing, and was probably well aware of the implications in the time to come. He, however, remained dignified, kept smiling and kept reminding all that the BCCI was shooting itself in the foot and that they have nowhere to go as far as accepting these recommendations were concerned.
He feared the worst back then; Thakur and Shirke are experiencing it today. If only crisis management would was exercised.
One of the biggest tools in Crisis Management is communication, and the ability of the organisation to be flexible and adopt a more understanding approach. BCCI went the other way!
They isolated themselves, almost locked themselves up and refused to even lend an ear to any of the recommendations. Instead, they should have gone ahead and put forward their reservations to the committee and worked on a common ground. Alas, the series of 'what ifs' took its very root here!
An irate Supreme Court had to issue a warning, the BCCI was not interested. The Court then said that they have to take a hard stand, the BCCI kept looking away.
The January 2 decision was always coming, yet the shock value was never anticipated. It has finally been delivered, and the BCCI has been rendered helpless. It cannot even look to the International Cricket Council, as the governing council could do little when the highest court in the country decides to intervene.
And then the relationship between Anurag Thakur and the ICC Chairman, Shashank Manohar is not entirely a forthcoming one.
At a time when the political mood in the country is either black or white, a grey shade was where the solution lay. It is not as if the Lodha recommendations were all gold, but then the BCCI did not even bother to debate them, and this allowed the public to believe that the board has adopted a 'holier-than-thou' attitude.
There could be grievances facing the society but when the Supreme Court delivers a verdict, it is generally a dictum people follow without any debates. The BCCI which is on the receiving end at the moment is certainly on slippery ground, and to make matter worse, they do not seem to have the empathy of the public behind them.
However, credit should be given where it is due. The BCCI is the sole reason why Indian cricket is one of the best-managed sports in the country. The Board has made sure the Indian cricket calls out the shots even in the International circuit and the clout that the board exerts have always done wonders for the country.
All this amounts to nothing when the public is left in the lurch because all they see is the final result and the result is that the president and the secretary have been ousted.
"If the Supreme Court believes that Indian cricket would do well under retired judges, I wish them all the best," said a visibly hurt Anurag Thakur.
His tone had a tinge of hurt and sprinkling of sarcasm. There was a wide sense of positivity around Indian cricket, as the team enjoyed a brilliant run in 2016 and the Board was quietly going about its business behind the scenes. It has all now been brought to a screeching halt.
So much potential to grow has been nipped in the bud. Humility is not so common these days, and this very trait forms the basis of Crisis Management.
Hopefully, a lesson is learnt!
HALIFAX—Flowers are great, but edible plants fill your plate. As Halifax's Common Roots Urban Farm continues its search for a new home, members have embarked on a bright initiative with the Quinpool Road Mainstreet District Association.
Last winter, Amber Bhujel grew mustard greens, kale, and cilantro in his two handmade greenhouses at the Common Roots Urban Farm in Halifax. ( Haley Ryan/StarMetro )
The Space to Grow project will see 28 planters filled with colourful edible flowers, herbs, vegetables and fruit to spruce up the street in lieu of the typical decorative flowers and plants. This is the second year the association has paired with the farm for the project. Common Roots Urban Farm, located on a two-acre plot at the corner of Bell and Robie streets, opened for its seventh growing season on May 1. But this will be its last year at the current site, and the farm is looking for new digs. The Partners for Care farm project sprouted from a 2012 land loan from the Nova Scotia Health Authority. The farm has 195 garden plots rented to community members, a section for visitors and volunteers, and a market garden where food is grown for sale and donation.
Article Continued Below
With the QEII's redevelopment project slated to begin in 2019, the farm needs a new place to take root next year. “We're still in the process of looking for a new location with Partners For Care. For now, we're still here and here for the season so we're keeping busy,” said farm co-ordinator Sarah Burgess. Burgess said pairing with the Quinpool Road Mainstreet District Association is an ideal way for them to showcase the importance, and relative ease, of growing local food. “For the planters we're going to put in determinate tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, things that are nice and easy to eat, some scarlet runner beans, we will try some strawberries, herbs, edible flowers like nasturtium,” she said. “Basically things that are going to get used the most and that grow easily and the best.” Burgess said it was a productive community partnership last year, and she expects this year to bear similar fruit.
“It's important to see that spaces can be productive and you can grow food in many different spaces. To have more food growing on the road is great and is part of our vision.” The executive director of the Quinpool Road Mainstreet District Association said they're building on the success of last year's inaugural Space to Grow project. The 28 planters are being prepared at the urban farm on Thursday and will be placed along the bustling roadway sometime after rush hour.
Article Continued Below
“Participating businesses were told they'd be watered once a week by a professional landscaping company, but their job was to maintain and to pick the vegetables and to use the vegetables and fruit, and to use it in whatever way possible,” Karla Nicholson said. “Give it to their employees, give it to their friends. Freemans, Dilly Dally and Lucky Penny have all adopted planters, so I'm certain they'll use it in some capacity with their menu offerings.” Nicholson said she's also hopeful the project shines a spotlight on the urban farm's ongoing search for a new home. “Common Roots Urban farm is in desperate need of a new home and we're really hoping it's on the peninsula,” Nicholson said. “We want to do this again next year. Our only snag will be where the farm will be, and that's part of this campaign as well. Let's find a place for this amazing facility on the peninsula.” Yvette d'Entremont is a Halifax-based reporter covering health, environment and education. Follow her on Twitter: @ydentremont
Read more about:
Islamabad
The consumption of petroleum products registered a growth rate of 9.7 percent during fiscal year 2016-17 as compared to previous year's increase of 5.2 percent.
During the year, main drivers of increased consumption were transport and power sectors, which registered high growth of 12 percent and 10 percent respectively as compared to the year 2015-16, Oil and Gas Regulatory Authority (OGRA) said in its annual report for the year 2016-17.
The consumption of Motor Spirit (MS) in transport sector witnessed an increase of around 16 percent during the period under review, which could be attributed to rising demand of transport sector particularly the growing number of motorcycles and cars.
Similarly, consumption of High Speed Diesel (HSD) grew by 10 percent compared to previous year mainly on account of higher utilization by transport sector indicating increased economic activity in the country.
Transport and Power sectors consumed almost 90 percent of total Petroleum Oil Lubricant (POL) consumed in the country, with 57 percent and 33 percent shares respectively.
Pakistan State Oil remained the lead player in total energy products supply to the consumers with 55 percent market share, followed by Shell with 9 percent, Attock Petroleum Limited and Hascol Private Limited with 8 percent each. Total PARCO Marketing Limited and Total PARCO Pakistan Limited captured 4 percent shares each. While, Byco Petroleum Pakistan Limited and other oil marketing companies contributed 3 percent and 8 percent shares respectively.—APP
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Stephen Curry will likely go from being the NBA's biggest bargain to signing the richest contract in the league at more than $200 million. And he looks forward to the nice payday.
Yet the two-time reigning MVP and new NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant said Wednesday they would seriously consider less money to keep the core of the champion Golden State Warriors intact.
Two days after capturing the franchise's second title in three years against LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Warriors prepared to part ways for what will be a busy offseason for general manager Bob Myers and the front office.
Durant hinted he would opt out of a deal that pays him the maximum he can get in order to help Golden State's chances of re-signing Andre Iguodala or Shaun Livingston.
Advertisement
___
More AP NBA: http://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Listen single people, I know February is seen as a month-long Greek tragedy, but the truth is that this is a celebration of you, yourself, and all the money you're going to save. There's nothing that says “Happy Valentine's to me” more than a few extra bucks in your wallet (you know, just in case bae cheaps out on you). So here's how to be a good old-fashioned cheapskate the romantic way.
Flowers
Nope. Bae's just going to have to hope that the most paralyzing blizzard in Vancouver history makes itself scarce in time for a couple of dandelions to grow. Maybe you could pick some edelweiss and other mountain-y wildflowers in between classes at Burnaby, should the buses manage to crawl their way up that sucker in time for V-Day.
Chocolate
Get out of buying that stuff by making an ethical issue out of it! Didja know that the word “bonbon” comes from what spoiled French princes and duke-lings said when they got their first taste of chocolate — which conquistadors brought to Europe after slaughtering the Aztecs? Viva la révolution. You too can build a barricade, sing some hella dramatic ensemble numbers, and join the revolution by saying no to the food of sin.
Romantic Dinners
Ramen: $0.99 a pack.
Parsley to garnish: $1.47 a bunch.
For an extra special night, eat out of clean dishes instead of guesstimating which of your bowls look the least like breeding grounds for undiscovered fungi.
Cards
Cards are just pretty money-holders — kind of like a hotdog bun that nobody cares about. We've already established that money is being kept out of the picture here, so cards are definitely irrelevant.
Giant Stuffed Animals
Let's break down the purpose of the giant furry mass in which you're considering investing. What is bae going to do with that? Cuddle (hopefully). You know what else bae can cuddle with? You. And if your relationship is legal, access to you is free. Don't forget: if you guys break up, that teddy bear is just going to get its head ripped off and tossed down a garburator.
Jewelry
Make something out of macaroni and beads, spritz some glitter on top, and claim it has sentimental value. Bae can't fight you on “sentimental value,” so you, my friend, are officially off the hook.
Lingerie
Listen, if bae can deal with you in your laundry-day undies, you've already got ‘em locked and loaded. Why are you creating problems for yourself?
Romantic Getaways
Dude, if you weren't going to scrape together the money for the corpses of some colourful vegetation, how did you even remember that Paris existed? Why are you even reading this? If you got here, you're totally going to spoil your significant other; don't lie. And you know what, if they deserve you, they deserve some of Switzerland's main export.
If they really deserve you, you guys say “I love you” more than once a year, and you don't need to break yourself in two over one extra day that's only special because your calendar told you so. Forget tradition. Netflix and chill on Cupid's birthday, and let's just go on loving each other and ourselves like business as usual.
Lock Adam Coleman says the Wallabies have developed the mental resilience to beat New Zealand. (AAP)
Lock Adam Coleman says the Wallabies have developed the mental resilience to beat New Zealand in the opening Bledisloe Cup clash on Saturday night.
Lock Adam Coleman insists the Wallabies believe more than ever they can beat the All Blacks.
The Wallabies last held the trans-Tasman symbol of supremacy 15 years ago, well before any of the current squad entered Test rugby.
Australia's perennial Bledisloe failures since then have caused plenty of angst among local rugby fans.
After the on-field struggles and the off-field turmoil in Super Rugby, Australian rugby followers have rarely been in greater need of a morale-boosting series win over New Zealand.
It will require a big turnaround from last year when the All Blacks prevailed 42-8 in Sydney, 29-9 in Wellington and 42-10 in Auckland.
Asked if the Wallabies deep down believed they could beat the All Blacks, starting on Saturday night in Sydney, or if the mental side was a problem, Coleman was adamant their mindset is absolutely positive.
"I think the boys believe now more than ever that coming this weekend, we can beat the All Blacks," he said on Monday.
"The growth the team has experienced over the last four weeks, not only physically but mentally.
"That mental resilience, that hard training that we've been doing, especially the younger guys experiencing that for their first time, I think it's paid dividends."
Coleman has yet to taste a Bledisloe win, having finished on the losing side in his only two matches last year.
"This time last year it was the first time a lot of us had played the All Blacks and they are the best team in the world and they are the benchmark," Coleman said.
"We definitely felt like last year with each performance we improved and we're looking to improve again on those performances and the lessons learnt."
Captain Michael Hooper is keen to discover just where his team stands after an intense preparation.
"You need to put an opposition in front of you to see how we're really tracking, so Saturday couldn't come quick enough," openside flanker Hooper said.
"I'm excited. You just want to test where the team is at and test to see where the attitude is."
Hooper extracted a positive from Australia's failure to get a team through to the Super Rugby semi-finals.
"One of the positives of not being in the finals I guess was being able to get together so early and bond away from footy and do the hard work so far out from the games," Hooper said.
Winger Dane Haylett-Petty said his torn bicep was getting better every day and he hoped to be fit for Saturday.
ISLAMABAD, June 15 (APP): The Advisor to the Prime Minister on foreign
Affairs, Sartaj Aziz, Thursday expressed sympathies and condolences over the loss of over 130 precious lives and damage to the infrastructure due to recent landslide in hilly areas of Bangladesh.
According to the foreign office, Mr. Aziz in a letter to the foreign
Minister of Bangladesh, Abdul Hassan Mahmood Ali, MP said, “I am deeply saddened by the loss of more than 130 precious human lives and damage to infrastructure due to the recent landslides triggered by torrential rains in the hilly areas of Bangladesh. On the behalf of the people and the government of Pakistan and on my own behalf, I convey my deepest condolences to the families of the victims and pray for the early recovery of those who sustained injuries in this calamity.”
He said, “Our prayers are with you and the fraternal people of
Bangladesh. Please accept the heartfelt condolences and sympathies of the
Government and the People of Pakistan on this tragic incident.”
Shapr3D, a Parasolid-based CAD program, works best on the iPad Pro with the Apple Pencil. (Image courtesy of Shapr3D.)
A tablet and pen are all you need to use Shapr3D, a solid modeling app. Not just any tablet, though. How about Apple's gorgeous iPad Pro with a 12.9-inch screen—the tablet you dreamt about but could never justify because… dammit, there wasn't any apps for design or engineering. Until now. Could you use a lesser iPads? I suppose you could. Shapr3D runs on other iPads that support the Apple Pencil, such as the iPad 2018, 9.7-inch iPad Pro and the 10.5-inch iPad Pro, but CAD modeling and creation demands the biggest screen. That must be a law.
"It may surprise you to learn that the iPad Pro is a gifted piece of hardware," says István Csanády. Csanády founded Shapr3D three years ago in Budapest, Hungary. People think that it's not for CAD or other serious applications. That's okay, according to Csanády, as the company doesn't mind having the only iPad Pro CAD program. Along with great power comes great price—for the Apple Store, anyway. With a $300/year license, Shapr3D is the most expensive application available in the Apple Store.
"We have the only CAD application for the iPad Pro," says Csanády, smiling as though he's getting away with a secret. I met Csanády in a San Francisco Starbucks—not the typical site for a CAD demo, but that was only after he had shown that Shapr3D can be used and shown anywhere. The previous night, he showed Shapr3D standing up before a crowd at TEC Talk.
Shapr3D may be the easiest-to-use MCAD program you will ever try. iPad in one hand, pen in the other—no desk, no workstation, no mouse, no keyboard. If you are worried that a career that has you sitting throughout the day is taking years off your life, you could make a medical argument to model with an iPad Pro at a stand-up desk or even in a more active state.
It took a lot of programming to make Shapr3D work using a stylus and an iPad Pro. Makes sense. Making things simple is complicated.
Shapr3D founder, István Csanády, shows how easy CAD modeling can be – even in a coffee shop. In Csanády's hands, it did look like the most intuitive CAD interface ever
I expect Csanády to be another genius Eastern European developer. He is. Previous to Shapr3D, he was senior software developer for LogMeIn. But an impish sense of humor, an irreverence for the powers that be, the patience and ability to explain genius-like things to non-geniuses – sans condescension – make him more. Then there's the need to set things right, to correct errors of the past that continue to the present, unchecked… errors that the rest of us are resigned to accept as normal and unavoidable.
There was that mobile app for his bank that just sucked. Csanády was obsessing about user interfaces and the mobile app had a lot to learn from him. Littered with low resolutions, misleading icons and basic functions (like wiring money) that were cumbersome, the app prompted 20 “easy-to-implement” suggestions in an email that if printed may have been 5 pages. He never heard back.
Csanády stumbled across a CAD program and found it, if not really hard to use, certainly much harder than it needed to be. Having no design or engineering background made him free of the weary acceptance of CAD as an intrinsically difficult program to use. Instead, Csanády is the fresh pair of eyes encountering old problems: an aged interface plus a collection of last-century hardware to make it all work: a monitor, a keyboard, a mouse, a desktop workstation, a desk to put everything on. This would not do. But instead of a missive emailed into a void, he was going to show them how it should be done.
Shapr3D employs only 11 people in his office in Budapest and has been selling CAD for the iPad Pro for 18 months. With his small team, no advertising or marketing (unless you count a listing on the Apple Store), Shapr3D may have created quietly a small revolution among iPad Pro users.
What about Onshape?
Shapr3D needs to be compared to the other MCAD program that works on an iPad Pro. While their usage may be similar (with one important distinction…wait for it), the two companies are worlds apart. Onshape is the center of attention, is led by the founders of the last MCAD revolution, has snared $169 million in investments, and employs hundreds of people.
Csanády laughs at the comparison, but you can tell he's proud of what he has managed to accomplish with such a small team.
But the two companies' products are not at all the same, according to Csanády. Shapr3D is more like SketchUp—only better, he says. SketchUp doesn't do solids, generating only surfaces. Trying to get a design from SketchUp to a CAD program usually means starting over. Shapr3D, like Onshape, is based on the Parasolid geometry kernel—but that is where the similarity ends, says Csanády. Onshape requires an Internet connection. Your iPad operates Onshape over the Internet connection while the program is in the cloud—not installed on the iPad. Onshape simply cannot work when you lose the Internet connection—or if you just don't have one. In contrast, Shapr3D is installed on the iPad Pro. It works wherever you are, and whether you are connected or not.
Shapr3D is made exclusively for the iPad Pro. It doesn't work on Windows. Sorry, Surface Pro lovers. If you have felt enslaved by Microsoft because the software you use runs on Windows, you may consider Shapr3D an escape route.
But before you lay down your mouse and keyboard, be warned that Shapr3D is a practically a newborn CAD program. As such, it would be unfair to expect the robustness of a mature, full featured MCAD program. Still, Shapr3D could be a good companion, providing an effective way to get started with a design. It's a fun way to sketch, but in 3D.
A look at former WWE Superstar Enzo Amore's last week
Whether or not WWE is planned for his future, lots is planned for Enzo Amore.
Darren Paltrowitz SENIOR ANALYST Feature 30 May 2018, 16:22 IST 561 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Former WWE Superstar Enzo Amore's appearance at a Los Angeles Clippers game
Love him or hate him, Enzo Amore created a big stir within his five years of being affiliated with the WWE. He did this without appearing in main event matches. According to numerous reports, he did this without having a lot of friends in the locker room.
He simply accomplished all of this by creating a distinct character, having an arsenal of memorable catch phrases, and maintaining that character everywhere he went.
The momentum of Amore -- who arguably helped bring popularity to 205 Live -- was derailed almost overnight when assault allegations surfaced close to the height of the #MeToo movement.
Rather than going by the "innocent until proven guilty" philosophy that Americans are given the right to within their judicial system, the WWE immediately terminated Amore after these allegations surfaced. This was simply because Amore had not alerted WWE, his employer, of these allegations before the news hit the media is another story.
In the recent years, WWE have cut ties with other then-accused WWE Superstars, even though they had been cleared of those charges; Adam Rose and Rich Swann are two examples of that. When a few fans took issue with a WrestleMania battle royal being named after The Fabulous Moolah, who had some controversial things in her past, the company opted to quickly rename the match.
In turn, it is well-documented that WWE is simultaneously unafraid of lengthy and expensive legal battles -- as is happening now with former WWE Champion CM Punk -- the publicly-traded company is also gun-shy about doing business with individuals who attract negative attention.
Within the past week, Amore has been cleared of those aforementioned criminal charges. He has since released a rap video which directly references the legal predicament he was in. He made a public appearance over Memorial Day Weekend in New York City's Times Square to do a direct meet-and-greet with fans.
As stated during that Times Square appearance, he has been writing for various projects in Los Angeles, keeping film projects in mind. Furthermore, after several months of silence, Amore has reactivated his social media presence.
All the while, fans have started a petition on Change.org with the hopes of getting WWE to re-hire Amore. To say the least, this has been an eventful week for the former Cruiserweight Champion.
Ultimately, there is a big question of where Amore goes from here. The official posted music video for "Phoenix" -- released under the moniker Real1 -- already has over 500,000 YouTube views in one day.
Does that initial success lead to more videos, an album and subsequent touring? Is it just being used as a springboard to get people talking so another wrestling company brings him back? Is it part of a transition into a non-wrestling or non-hip-hop form of performance like acting? At this point in time, no one knows.
But what is clear is that Enzo Amore has a loyal fanbase, he knows how to get people talking, and he will stand out no matter the path he chooses. Should he not return to WWE, it will be interesting to watch his journey, to say the least.
How do you feel about Enzo Amore's return to wrestling? Let us know in the comments section below. You can also send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com.
The Podcast App aims to be the simplest way to listen to podcasts
While it sometimes feels like everyone has a podcast nowadays, the truth is that most Americans still don't listen to podcasts regularly. The Y Combinator-backed team behind The Podcast App is planning to change that.
And yes, that's the app's real name. Co-founder and CEO Martín Siniawski argued that most existing podcast apps were built years ago, “when it was a really different medium.” They're designed for people who already understand what a podcast is, already know which podcasts they're looking for and already understand what it means to subscribe.
In contrast, Siniawski said The Podcast App is designed to be “extremely fast, extremely easy and extremely reliable and stable.”
How easy? Well, the website boasts that it's “so simple even your grandma could use it.”
“We've invested heavily on making sure that we can onboard people and take them step-by-step in a way that doesn't overwhelm them,” Siniawski said.
So when you first open up the app, you're asked to identify your interests, and then you get a list of podcast recommendations. Once you're looking at a specific podcast, you can browse all episodes or just the “Best Of” (curated based on The Podcast App's engagement data), then hit buttons to favorite the show and download individual episodes.
Beyond making the app easy to understand, Siniawski said he's also focused on helping people find the right podcast for them. Creating good app-wide and podcast-specific search features helps, and so do the Best Of lists, but he said that's just the beginning.
For one thing, there's more to be done in search, like indexing the full content of the episodes, not just the titles and descriptions. For another, Siniawski is hoping to take more of a Netflix-style approach to “leverage more and more of that data to provide recommendations.”
The Podcast App has built up a library of 30 million episodes, and includes most of the big names in podcasting. (It also includes TechCrunch podcasts like Original Content and CTRL+T. Just saying.) In the future, Siniawski said he's hoping to work with podcasters to work on original programming, and to incorporate more types of advertising and subscriptions (the startup currently limits its own monetization to display ads that run in the app).
Oh, and if you're wondering how Siniawski was able to get such a straightforward (and search-friendly) name for his app, the answer is simple: No one claimed it first.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Police officers in Aquada, Puerto Rico, bury fellow officer Luis Angel Gonzalez Lorenzo on Sept. 29. He was killed while trying to cross a river in his car during the passage of Hurricane Maria. A new study contends tthat at least 4,645 people died because of the storm, whereas the official death toll is 64. (Associated Press FIle)
As President Trump tossed paper towels last October to Puerto Rican survivors of Hurricane Maria, who probably would have preferred electricity, he noted the cyclone's silver lining.
“Every death is a horror, but if you look at a real catastrophe like Katrina, and you look at the tremendous hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people that died, and you look at what happened here and what is your death count? Sixteen people, versus in the thousands,” Trump said. “You can be very proud. Sixteen versus literally thousands of people.”
Today, the official beginning of the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season, the official death toll in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Maria is 64.
As suspected by just about everyone on the island except its government, the true number probably is “literally thousands.”
Researchers at Harvard University's T.H. Chan School of Public Health and Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center reported this week that the actual death toll on Puerto Rico is at least 4,645, which is shocking for a territory of the United States.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that deaths may be attributed to storms if they result from conditions that the storm caused, such as loss of medical services due to lost electricity or transportation.
The research team studied overall mortality data and discovered the rate was 14.3 deaths per 1,000 residents from Sept. 20, when the hurricane hit, through Dec. 31. That was a 62 percent increase compared with the same period of 2016, or 4,645 “excess deaths.”
To properly prepare for storms, governments and citizens need accurate information about risks, including data on deaths on economic disruption. The territorial government independently has commissioned a second study of the death toll, which is due soon. Meanwhile, Washington should mandate standard reporting ensuring accuracy.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brazen thieves used a huge digger to haul an entire cash machine out of a wall in this bizarre break-in.
The late night heist saw burglars maneuver in the sizeable contraption into a Nisa store in Hatton, Burton upon Trent, at about 2.30am.
CCTV shows a 4x4 towing a trailer and the stolen digger into the supermarket car park on August 3.
The red digger can be seen moving back a few metres - before driving full-pelt into the front of the shop to smash their way inside.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Two men, both dressed in black, clear the way for the specialist vehicle to rip out a cash machine, which is then loaded on to the back of a trailer.
Police were immediately sent to the scene, but were halted when one thief threw a metal bar at them whilst driving off, leaving behind a trail of destruction.
The 4x4, trailer and cash machine were found abandoned in Leicestershire a few days later.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
A Derbyshire Police spokesperson said: "Officers were sent to the scene immediately and one thief threw a metal bar at officers before the vehicles drove off.
"We began searching for the gang, alerting neighbouring forces to the theft, but the 4x4 was not found.
"Staffordshire Police saw the other car in Alrewas but it made off. We believe four men were involved in the crime."
Witnesses or anyone with information or CCTV footage of the ram-raid is asked to call Derbyshire police on 101, or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
KNOXVILLE, TENN. -
A Tennessee woman's video of her tearful son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers.
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post Friday she had just picked up her son, Keaton, from school because he was too afraid to go to lunch.
In the video, Keaton said other students call him ugly, make fun of his nose and tell him he has no friends. He said milk was poured on him and ham was put down his clothes.
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton said. “What's the point of it? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them? It's not OK.
“People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you.”
The video had more than 18 million views as of Sunday, and a crowdsourcing page for Keaton's future education had raised more than $29,000.
“We all know how it feels to want to belong,” Jones said in her post, “but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere.”
On Twitter, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game, while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said he and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school.
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time she comes home to her native Knoxville, she wants to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize.
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter he wants Keaton to “add me to your long list of friends,” and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton “has a friend for life” and that “love is the only way to beat hate.”
For the latest and best deals Like us at Facebook.com/DEALBOSS and follow us on Twitter @DEALBOSS.
GET THE DEAL HERE: $100 Off iDeaUSA v402 Active Noise Canceling Wireless Headphones + Free Delivery
It's an opening statement you can feel good writing: the single best pair of headphones we've tested this year are proudly made in the United States!
Last week I featured self-charging sports earbud-type headphones and heard from many of you looking for over-the-ear alternatives with noise cancelation. In my quest to save you cash and test the best tech, get ready for the savings!
The noise-canceling iDEAUSA headphones had better sound quality and battery life than comparable headphones by both Beats By Dre and Bose within the same price range.
Beats Studio Wireless Headphones Price: $379 (on sale for $206) had 11 hours of battery life.
The iDeaUSA headphones At $99.99 today performed for almost 15 hours in our tests with better sound quality.
The v402 active noise canceling headphones are ideal for travel, blocking out the world, streaming and immersing yourself in a high fidelity audio environment that's completely unparalleled. Hearing is believing and the price today is hard to believe on its own.
You can read the reviews of iDeaUSA headphones on Amazon where the prices are quite a bit higher than what I found.
Click the play button to see these headphones in action!
- A whopping 14 hours of battery life in our tests (most headphones offer 8 hours)!
- Headphones quickly charge in around 2 hours
- Incredible active noise cancellation
- Smart headphones automatically convert to Bluetooth headset when a call comes in!
- Streams with virtually any smartphone, tablet or Bluetooth device from 35 feet away
- Hi-Fi audio is top notch for gaming, movies, sports and TV streaming
- Extremely light-weight
- Feature an aptx codec for incredible audio playback unheard of at this price
- Ideal for any commute or travel
- Folds for travel, with all accessories and carrying case included- Works with virtually any Bluetooth audio device, Apple, Android and Windows
- Lowest-recorded price
$100 Off iDeaUSA v402 Active Noise Canceling Wireless Headphones + Free Delivery
Was: $199.99
Now: $99.99
MORE FROM DEALBOSS:
Matt Granite is a freelance consumer reporter who produces stories and video for this Station, Amazon Live and others. He is not compensated by the brands featured here. This Station and its parent company may receive a share of the revenue from the site that sells the product if you purchase one of these products using the link on this page.
© 2018 TEGNA MEDIA
As Tensions Grow In Region, Pence Reaffirms 'Ironclad' South Korean Relations
Audio will be available later today.
NPR's Kelly McEvers talks with John Park, director of the Korea Working Group at the Harvard Kennedy School, about U.S. relations with South Korea amid growing tension over the North Korean threat.
Mariah Carey's New Year's Eve performance was cringe-worthy to say the least. Everyone on social media's already weighed in with the slander, and apparently, even Mariah herself has some negative beliefs.
Sources connected with Mariah reportedly told TMZ that the singer and her people complained to the executives at Dick Clark Productions that Carey's “inner ears” or earpieces were not functioning properly.
Publicly Mariah did and interview with Ryan Seacrest an hour before showtime and even then said she was having issues. You can hear her say, “It's hard for me to hear you.”
Samsung's next Gear Fit fitness band will include standalone GPS and offline Spotify playback.
Like its phones and tablets, Samsung makes different wearables to fit different roles. One of these roles is the traditional watch, filled by the Gear S line. The other is that of a fitness band, filled by the Gear Fit line. The first Gear Fit tracker was announced in early 2014, and Samsung has been steadily improving the line since then.
Most of the time, Samsung announces a new Gear device when it announces a new Galaxy flagship, and it looks like that will be the case again. According to VentureBeat, Samsung will announce the Gear Fit2 Pro alongside the upcoming Galaxy Note 8 on August 23. The wearable is said to be IP68 dust- and water-resistant, an important factor for a fitness-focused device. It will also be submersible to 5 atmospheres of pressure (5 ATM), or approximately 130 feet. So you should have no problem using it at the local pool.
Another great addition is the ability to download and listen to your Spotify playlists without needing your phone, which will be great for users who want to leave their phone at home or in the car during their workout. There's also the standard step and workout tracking, as to be expected. The fitness band also includes standalone GPS for tracking long runs without a phone. VentureBeat claims this data backs up to the Speedo On application, but that application does not currently exist in the Play Store. It's also hard to imagine Samsung wouldn't use its existing health app. Finally, it looks like the clasp will provide a much more secure fit (pun intended).
There's no word on availability or pricing just yet, but we should find out soon enough. Are you looking forward to the new Samsung Gear Fit2 Pro? Let us know down below!
Learn more about the Samsung Gear Fit2Pro!
GUNTER: Oyster Creek closing good news, but… from APP
Suzanne D'Ambrosio, communications manager at Oyster Creek Generating Station, talks about the plans for to decommission of the nuclear power plant at Oyster Creek Training Center in Forked River. Staff video Tanya Breen
While Beyond Nuclear welcomes Exelon's announcement that it will close its Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station in October, this should have happened immediately after the March 11, 2011, Fukushima-Daiichi nuclear disaster in Japan.
Exelon announced Friday that it would shut the reactor more than a year earlier than its December 2019 closure date, but the company has not given an explanation for its decision. However, an Exelon press release alludes to “managing costs.” Oyster Creek is the first and the oldest Fukushima-design nuclear reactor in the world, a GE Mark I'm boiling water reactor.
It's clear that Oyster Creek and the entire, aging U.S. nuclear reactor fleet is hemorrhaging financially. The fact that the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the nuclear industry continue to prioritize financial margins over public safety margins is a growing concern, especially at the remaining 29 Fukushima style reactors still operating in the U.S.
None of our country's Fukushima-design reactors should have operated for even one more day once we saw the catastrophic events publicly unfold worldwide at Fukushima.
In June 2013, the NRC issued an order requiring the U.S. fleet of Mark I (22) and Mark II (8) reactors to upgrade their containment systems with a hardened venting system that would deliberately vent the extreme pressure, heat and radiation from a severe nuclear accident.
Following the three explosions at the Fukushima nuclear reactors, the NRC finally admitted that this containment design doesn't work. And yet the agency has been utterly delinquent in ensuring that the safety upgrades the NRC itself ordered have been made at our country's most dangerous nuclear power plants.
Sharing is caring!
States are creating laws to limit how many painkillers doctors can prescribe out in hopes of slowing the growing opioid epidemic. It's unclear if opioid painkillers can actually treat chronic pain or if drug companies are just doing a great job of marketing. Some say we need to rethink how we treat pain if we want to stop the opioid epidemic. But people who suffer from chronic pain say they need the drugs to be functional. Their pain is real and needs to be addressed. What do you think?
PERSPECTIVES
Lawmakers around the U.S. are limiting access to opioid painkillers in hopes that it will slow the epidemic. According to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), the staggering rise in heroin use and overdose deaths can be directly tied to the surge in availability of prescription opioid painkillers in the past decade. The reasons for the surge in opioid painkillers are complex, but it's largely due to the confluence of the medical community taking chronic pain more seriously and major marketing efforts from drug companies.
According to Vox, there isn't any much proof that opioid painkillers are effective for treating chronic pain. Despite that, Americans consume more opioid painkillers than any other country. We need to seriously rethink how we approach treating pain, otherwise, the opioid epidemic will only get worse.
Ohio limits opioid prescriptions to just seven days
Some medical professionals worry the backlash against opioid painkillers will leave people with chronic pain in agony. Lawmakers setting arbitrary rules on opioid prescriptions unfairly restricts how doctors can treat their patients. What helps with one patient may not help with another. Managing pain is unique to each person and doctors should have the leeway to make that choice.
Some studies suggest that limiting painkillers could drive patients to use heroin. Using prescription drugs to manage your pain is expensive. But when the only way to manage chronic pain is taken away, the patient is still left with that pain and no way to keep it under control. Since heroin is readily available in many of these communities, it becomes an easy and cheap replacement.
It's important to address the opioid crisis, but there are better ways to deal with it than at the expense of those in pain.
Strict limits on opioid prescribing risk 'inhumane treatment' of pain patients
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news, current events and pop culture. We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them. We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress. The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts, literally. The Tylt is an Advance Digital, Inc. property. Join us on Twitter @TheTylt or on Facebook, we'd love to hear what you have to say.
Commentator fired for Venus 'guerilla' remark suing ESPN
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 06:44 IST
(Reuters) - Tennis commentator Doug Adler has sued broadcaster ESPN, weeks after being taken off the air following a remark about Venus Williams at the Australian Open that some interpreted to be racist.
Adler, who has since apologised for how he spoke about Williams, has maintained that he was describing the African-American 13th seed's aggressive style of charging as the "guerilla effect" and not comparing her to a "gorilla."
Adler's lawyer, David Ring, says the comment was a "big nothing" until it hit Twitter.
"And then somehow on Twitter someone said he called Venus a gorilla," Ring told Reuters. "ESPN fires him the next day for something he never even said. Doug Adler lost his career, he lost his reputation.
"By ESPN firing him he was suddenly the guy fired for making a racist remark and it never happened."
Adler, who was a former college tennis player before turning to broadcasting, filed his lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court on Tuesday.
"Adler was wrongly terminated by ESPN after Adler described Venus Williams as using 'guerilla' tactics, a description that is commonly used in tennis to describe a form of aggressive play," the lawsuit states.
"ESPN bowed to pressure from those using social media, including Twitter, who mistakenly believed Adler used the word 'gorilla' to describe Venus Williams. ESPN wrongfully terminated Adler and has since caused other employees to shun Adler, causing Adler serious financial and emotional harm."
Neither ESPN nor Williams's agent, Carlos Fleming, were immediately available for comment.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina. Additional reporting by Sharon Bernstein in Sacramento. Editing by Steve Keating.)
Ahead of Microsoft's big press event in New York City today, Twitter user WalkingCat has leaked some images of what appears to be the tech giant's answer to all the popular, low-cost Google Chromebooks now flooding the market.
Simply dubbed 'Surface Laptop' in the Twitter post, the unit is said to pack a 13.5-inch PixelSense display with a 'flocked Alcantara' material – that's the same microfiber fabric found on some Surface keyboard covers – surrounding its keyboard and trackpad. It will also reportedly run a new lightweight version of Windows called Windows 10 S (personally, we'd have gone with Windows Badmin10).
These are the best free games you can play on your current laptop
If the leaked information proves to be legit, it's possible that Windows 10 S is the official name for Microsoft's rumored Windows 10 Cloud OS that we've been hearing about lately, which seems to be designed to compete with Google's Chrome OS.
The series of tweets also state that the Surface Laptop will be available in Platinum (pictured below), Burgundy, Cobalt Blue and Graphite Gold. You can find more images of the laptop in each color and at different angles (including a handy 360-degree view ) on WalkingCat's Twitter account.
Stay tuned, as we expect to have more solid information on the Surface Laptop following Microsoft's event in NYC today.
Giancarlo Stanton smiles as he models his new Yankees uniform during a news conference. (Photo: Willie J. Allen Jr / Associated Press)
Lake Buena Vista, Fla. — Now slugging for the Bronx Bombers, Giancarlo Stanton.
Stanton's trade to the New York Yankees from Miami was finalized Monday, a deal that sent second baseman Starlin Castro and two minor leaguers to the Marlins for the NL MVP.
“They're winners,” Stanton said during a news conference on the opening day of the Winter Meetings. “They're young and they're in a good position to win for a long time, and I lost for a long time. So I want to change that dynamic and be a winner.”
He joins a team that reached Game 7 of the AL Championship Series against Houston with a young roster that includes young sluggers Aaron Judge, Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird. The Yankees expect top infield prospect Gleyber Torres to join the big league team next season.
“New York's a marquee town, and I think it's important to have some marquee players,” Yankees owner Hal Steinbrenner said. “But more important than that, I think it's important to have veteran players that could be mentors for the young kids.”
Stanton, 28, who like Judge plays right field, is owed $295 million over the final decade of his record $325 million, 13-year contract. The Marlins, with former Yankees star Derek Jeter as their new CEO, will send $30 million to the Yankees if Stanton doesn't exercise his right to opt out of the deal and become a free agent after the 2020 season: $5 million each on July 1 and Oct. 1 in 2026, 2027 and 2028. Under a change in baseball's new labor contract, that money will be prorated for the luxury tax and Stanton will count as $22 million annually.
“I wouldn't say sad day,” Marlins president of baseball operations Michael Hill said. “It's a win-win for both sides. … I know Giancarlo made it clear midway through the 2017 season he didn't want to be part of a rebuild.”
Stanton led the majors with 59 home runs and 132 RBIs last season. Judge was second in the majors with 52 homers, New York topped baseball with 241 home runs last season, and the daunting duo figures to create must-see BP before games.
Stanton will keep his No. 27 jersey.
His contract includes a no-trade provision, and last week he turned down prospective deals to St. Louis and San Francisco. He told the Marlins he was willing to accept trades only to the Yankees, his hometown Dodgers, the Astros and Cubs.
“I would have been putting it over the hump rather than jumping into a team already prepared to be there,” he said.
Having grown up in Southern California, going to the Giants was a particular difficultly.
“I wouldn't base a decision off that, but also I wouldn't want to go to a team that they disliked the most — and wasn't sure if they were going to beat that team, either,” he said.
“I felt maybe Wednesday of last week I thought it was not going to happen,” Cashman said. “And then he re-engaged me Thursday,”
By Thursday night, a tentative agreement was in place. Stanton said he would approve, but Wolfe told him to sleep on it.
“I told him I'm sleeping in, so if there's some deadline just go ahead and say yeah,” Stanton said with a smile.
Around the horn
Brewers manager Craig Counsell reiterated ace Jimmy Nelson will not resume throwing until spring training and won't be ready for Opening Day as he comes back from a shoulder injury.
... Free-agent relief pitcher Pat Neshek is reportedly returning to the Phillies. Neshek will get a $16.5 million, two-year contact pending a successful physical.
Neshek, 37, was an All-Star last year in his first season in Philadelphia. The Phillies then traded him to playoff-contending Colorado in late July for three prospects.
... Tracy Stallard, the pitcher who gave up Roger Maris' record 61st home run in 1961, died in Kingsport, Tennessee. He was 80.
... The Rangers and right-hander Chris Martin have agreed on a $4 million, two-year contract after the reliever spent the past two seasons in Japan.
Richard Gere film festival
Actor and activist Richard Gere will attend a film festival in his honor in Montrose over Columbus Day weekend.
Montrose Restoration Committee will show nine of Gere's films to raise money to repair and restore Montrose Theater's marquee. Gere will introduce a screening of “Pretty Woman” on Saturday, Oct. 7, at 7:30 p.m. at Montrose Area Junior-Senior High School, 75 Meteor Way, Montrose, and will stop by one or two other screenings unnanounced.
The committee will show the remaining films at the theater, 38 Public Ave.: “An Officer and a Gentleman,” Friday, Oct. 6, at 7 p.m.; “Hachi: A Dog's Tale,” Oct. 7, 11 a.m.; “Time Out of Mind,” Oct. 7, 2 p.m.; “Norman,” Sunday, Oct. 8, 1 p.m.; “Chicago,” Oct. 8, 4 p.m.; “Runaway Bride,” Oct. 8, 7 p.m.; “Yanks,” Monday, Oct. 9, 1 p.m.; and “The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel,” Oct. 9, 4 p.m.
Tickets for “Pretty Woman” are $30 for general admission and $15 for students, and tickets for remaining films are $20, plus fees. They are available at http://c5.montroserestorationcommittee.org and Butler's Pantry, South Main Street, Montrose.
ARK-Fest
An all-ages concert hosted by charity organization ARK Helps will be held cq Sunday, Oct. 8, at Creekside Grove, 3885 Route 374, Lenoxville.
ARK-Fest will benefit victims of an Aug. 27 fire on Main Street in Forest City. Entertainment includes all Bright Shiny Objects at 2 p.m.; the Wanabees, 3; Katie Evans & Candi Vee, 4; Dashboard Mary, 5; and Halfway To Hell, an AC/DC tribute act, 6. The event also will feature food, vendors and raffles.
Tickets are $15 in advance and $25 at the door. A roundtrip shuttle is available for $5 and departs Carbondale at 12:30 p.m. and Forest City at 1 (exact locations will be announced); the shuttle returns at approximately 8. Visit ARKhelps.org or the event's Facebook page for more details.
East Coast ParaCon
Get ready for Halloween with East Coast ParaCon.
The gathering of paranormal enthusiasts heads to Hilton Scranton and Conference Center, 100 Adams Ave., on Saturday, Oct. 7, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
The event will include discussions of ghosts, cryptids, aliens and everything supernatural. Guests include mediums Mary Barrett, Jim Byers, Virginia Centrillo, Cheryl Rae Evans and Lisa Mandell; bigfoot investigator Ron Murphy​; UFO investigator and “Inside the Goblin Universe” radio program cohostBryan Bowden;Rosalyn Bown of Syfy's “Ghost Hunters Academy”; and Chris DiCesare, whose supernatural encounter was featured on SyFy's show “School Spirits.”
Tickets are $8 in advance online at eastcoastparacon.com and $10 at the door. Visit the convention's website for more information.
‘A Streetcar Named Desire'
One of Tennessee Williams' most beloved dramas comes to Marywood University's stage this weekend.
The Department of Music, Theatre and Dance presents “A Streetcar Named Desire” on Friday, Oct. 6, and Saturday, Oct. 7, at 7:30 p.m., in Sette LaVerghetta Center for Performing Arts. Tickets are $10 for adults, $8 for seniors and $5 for students.
Featuring students and community members, the New Orleans-set production focuses on a woman, Blanche Dubois, and her conflict with her brutal brother-in-law, Stanley Kowalski. The play marks its 70th anniversary this year.
For additional information or to reserve tickets, visit marywood.edu/tickets or call 570-348-6211, ext. 6097.
New exhibit at Everhart
The Everhart Museum's latest exhibit, “Linda Mitchell: Truth in Animals,” opens Friday, Oct. 6.
The mixed-media exhibit features 2-D pieces crafted from paint, photograph, glass, found objects and more plus 3-D animal figures sculpted from Play-Doh and fabric.
The show will remain on display through Sunday, Dec. 31. The museum, 1901 Mulberry St., Scranton, is open Mondays, Thursdays and Fridays, noon to 5 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; and Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.
For more information, visit everhart-museum.org.
State Election Filings Now Open
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) _ Candidate filing is now open for this year's elections in South Carolina.
Filing opened at noon on Friday. Candidates have until noon on March 30 to file their paperwork and pay required fees.
The governor and other statewide elected officials face voters this year, as do all of South Carolina's seven U.S. House members. Neither U.S. Sens. Lindsey Graham nor Tim Scott is on the ballot.
This year's elections mark the first time South Carolina's governor and lieutenant governor have run together on a ticket. Incumbent Gov. Henry McMaster faces several opponents in the June GOP primary, and several Democrats are vying for their party's nomination.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
BEL AIR — Some of the nearly 20 companies seeking to grow or process medical cannabis in Maryland run the risk of having their licenses rescinded by a state commission. Patrick Jameson, executive director of the Maryland Medical Cannabis Commission, urged members of the panel to consider extensions of the one-year deadline to receive final approval ...
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Debt collections by the Government and councils have been described as aggressive and frightening by a charity.
Almost half of all clients helped by Christians Against Poverty have debt with the Department for Work and Pensions and the taxman.
A study from CAP into clients struggling with debt reveals that while the practices of private companies chasing debt have become more customer focused, those owing council tax or benefit overpayments were being chased harder and suffering more.
The charity wants the long-awaited Breathing Space scheme – a six-week break from mounting fees and charges, and being chased by creditors – to give people the relief they desperately need from spiralling debt problems.
"Totally unacceptable"
(Image: Getty)
Matt Barlow, CAP's chief executive, said: “While we've seen improvement in some of the private sector's debt-collecting practices, it is totally unacceptable that some of the most aggressive debt collecting in our nation comes from local and national governments.
“The reality is, people on the receiving end can feel overwhelmed and unable to cope and our findings show they are not given sufficient understanding and support.
“Many have no idea why they owe what they owe and that's both confusing and frightening.”
Advisors at the charity described making contact with government creditors as “challenging” and cited one local authority as only contactable online, while HMRC was criticised for long queue times on expensive helplines.
A Government spokesman said: “We have a responsibility to the taxpayer to recover benefit overpayments.
"There are safeguards to ensure people aren't being asked to repay more than they can afford, and reductions in monthly repayments can be requested.”
Get free debt help
If you are struggling to keep up debt repayments get help immediately, don't wait until things spiral out of control.
Stacy Hill, Foothills Gateway, Inc.
Foothills Gateway, Inc. (FGI) is a non-profit organization that provides services and support programs for over 2,600 individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities and their families in Larimer County. These programs benefit people of all ages and include supported employment, housing, day program services, transportation, family support services, adult respite, early childhood intervention and case management for both children and adults. Although Foothills Gateway, Inc. has been operating in Larimer County since 1972, FGI has not been a school since the 1980's.
One special 1968 Dodge Charger RTR made its debut at the 2017 SEMA show this past October, but somehow, it flew under the radar and got little press attention. Now, Johan Eriksson, the car's creator, has dropped by Jay Leno's Garage—all the way from Sweden!—with the custom Charger and we can really pore over the details.
Incredibly, Eriksson and his small team did the work themselves out of their own small shop in Scandinavia. In total, the Swede said it took about five years to finish the entire project. But it shows in every painstakingly crafted detail inside and out. Leno even proclaimed the work is on par, if not better, than major shops in the United States would do. So, what is it about this custom Charger that makes it so special?
Eriksson said he first found the old Charger in Sweden in sorry shape after a life spent as a race car. The body was saved, then bonded to a Chevrolet C6 Corvette chassis, and completely made over to be what you see here. It's a mesmerizing build. Dodge design, Chevrolet underpinnings, and the power? Also Dodge. The Viper's massive 8.4-liter V-10 engine sits under the hood, complemented by a twin-turbocharger system. The engine makes 1,000 horsepower as it stands, but Eriksson said 1,500 hp would be just as easy.
The interior is awash in custom aluminum, all hand-formed by Eriksson, with a 6-speed manual shifter properly in place. It's a Hot Wheels car for real life. Grab a closer look at the build in the video above.
BEIJING, April 24 (APP):Defence Minister Engr. Khurram Dastgir attended the 15th Defense Ministers' Meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) Member States held here on Tuesday.
Chinese State Councilor and Minister of National Defence Wei Fenghe presided over the meeting.
The Defence ministers from the SCO member states including the defence ministers of China, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan and ambassador of India participated in the event, and the defence minister of Belarus attended as a special guest.
This is the first defence ministers' meeting after the bloc was expanded for the first time to add India and Pakistan as full members last year.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nacional have slammed a section of their supporters for "horrendous" taunts aimed at Chapecoense.
The two sides met in the Copa Libertadores on Wednesday, with the Uruguayan side winning the first leg 1-0.
But the encounter was overshadowed by some shocking scenes in the stands as the visiting fans taunted their opponents about the plane crash that killed 19 players and members of staff.
A small number of supporters were seen mimicking a plane hitting the ground before making further gestures.
Chapecoense were on their way to a Copa Sudamericana clash when their plane crashed in November 2016, killing 71 people.
(Image: Golders)
(Image: Golders)
(Image: Golders)
The South American Football Confederation is now investigating the incident with Nacional criticising their supporters.
A statement read: "On behalf of the National Football Club, we express to the president our deepest sympathy and deep sense of shame. We urge you to accept our deepest apologies.
"Unfortunately, many sick minds channel their irrationality to sporting scenarios.
"National made great efforts, as in general the clubs of the continent, to avoid such episodes."
Trump Administration Announces New Restrictions On China Steve Inskeep talks to Peter Navarro, director of the White House National Trade Council, about the tariffs the administration plans to impose on China. Navarro calls it a "historic decision."
HAROLD Wilson's timeless adage that ‘a week is a long time in politics' has never been more applicable as Britain's leaders come to terms with the outcome of last Thursday's election.
Seven days ago, Theresa May still hoped to secure a comfortable Commons majority after calling a snap election over Brexit. Now the Prime Minister is fighting for her political life.
Yet, despite telling Tory MPs “I'm the person who got us into this mess and I'm the one who will get us out of it”, Mrs May is not doing herself any favours as she tries to form a pact with Northern Ireland's hard-line Democratic Unionist Party.
With both the DUP, and the new bloc of 13 Conservative MPs from Scotland, now making the most of their new-found influence, the Tory leader could have redressed the balance by elevating the post of Northern Powerhouse Minister to the Cabinet.
Given how Mrs May launched her manifesto in West Yorkshire, a region where her party expected to make gains and ended up losing two seats to Labour, such a move would have a signalled a desire, on her part, to prioritise investment in the North as part of Britain's economic transformation.
However it only became clear last night that Brigg and Goole MP Andrew Percy had stepped down as Northern Powerhouse Minister and reportedly has been replaced by the Lancashire MP Jake Berry. Six days after the election, it suggests the North is still an after-thought. And, though Mrs May says she has learned lessons, her reluctance to change course of Brexit – the PM still won't reappraise the merit of her pre-election decision to pull Britain out of the single market – will only unite her opponents on all sides of the political divide when the UK needs to be pulling together in the national interest.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
A Chicago masseuse is suing Marvel Comic's Stan Lee, accusing him of inappropriate behavior during two massages in 2017.Maria Carballo filed the lawsuit Monday seeking more than $50,000 in punitive damages and attorney fees from the 95-year-old writer and artist.The Chicago Tribune reports that Lee's attorney, Jonathan Freund, called the lawsuit "a shakedown" and says Lee denies the allegations.Carballo also filed a complaint with Chicago police, who are investigating.According to the complaint, Lee fondled himself during the first massage and moaned so much during the second that Carballo stopped the treatment. Lee stood up and angrily demanded Carballo keep massaging him.The complaint also says Carballo was massaging Lee with her feet when he grabbed her foot and touched it to his genitals.
David Quintieri
The government structure is setup to enable corporations to lobby (bribe) our “representatives” and pass laws that are often criminal. As a result, we have a CATASTROPHE on our hands. Derivatives exceeded $1.5 QUADRILLION in total value which far surpassed the GDP for the entire world–25 times over! David Quintieri brings information of this magnitude to his readers and teaches them how to prepare in times of uncertainty. Utilizing his ability to deconstruct any complex system and turn it into a simple and readable format, his work becomes an important tool for a wide audience.
Kate Winslet claims the female attention Idris Elba receives is a "nightmare".
The 42-year-old actress completely understands why women are attracted to her 'Mountain Between Us' co-star, but joked it can be frustrating.
Asked about the way he turns heads, she said: "It's a nightmare. It is actually a nightmare, you need to know that, it's the thing. [Women melt].
"It's his soft brown eyes, his beautiful skin, his pillow lips... The list goes on."
And Idris, 45, admitted her praise had made him nervous.
In a joint interview with 'Extra', he quipped: "I'm sweating, my hands are sweating, I don't know what to say about that."
The two stars got to know each other very well thanks to the extreme and isolated conditions of their new movie, and while they'd been keen to work together for some time, Idris revealed they initially had a very different idea in mind for a joint project.
He said: "We hadn't worked together but we knew each other. We gave an award [at the BAFTAs] together a couple of years ago.
"I remember saying to Kate, 'We should work together, do a comedy.' She was like, 'Yeah, great idea.' Cut to us on a mountain, like [freezing]."
Kate recently admitted it was "really scary" shooting the plane crash survival movie in temperatures of -38 deg C in the Canadian Rockies.
Seth David Killian's airplane lies smashed in the middle of the intersection of Shoemaker and Cooper on the east side of Detroit near I-94 and Gratiot Avenue on June 27, 2016. (Photo: John T. Greilick / Detroit News file)
Seth David Killian was towing an advertising banner high over tens of thousands of people gathered for Detroit's June 2016 fireworks show when his single-engine Cessna 150L sputtered.
The pilot, 18, tweaked the controls, but seconds later his engine quit. He crash-landed on Shoemaker Street, two miles short of Detroit's city airport and walked away with only scrapes.
Theresa Surles wasn't so lucky. The plane brought down a power line that hit the 38-year-old Detroit woman in the chest as she got out of her nearby car, electrocuting her.
Surles, who was heading to the Ford Fireworks with friends and her children, died nine days later.
National Transportation Safety Board investigators now say Killian of Jackson ran out of gas after flying too long – and it may have been the second time that month he landed without fuel on a banner-towing flight. He may even have fallen asleep while flying over the Detroit River that night, the investigation suggests.
Theresa Surles (Photo: Facebook)
The records shed light on the circumstances surrounding the June 27 incident and Killian's actions leading up to the forced landing.
Investigators asked Killian if he had carried out a “deadstick” landing – in which a pilot touches down without engine power – at a Wisconsin airport less than three weeks earlier.
Killian first denied being in Wisconsin. Then he told investigators he was “running low on fuel” when he landed in Wilmot.
They also asked Killian whether he told a pilot that he did not answer his radio for 10 minutes while flying over the Detroit River because he dozed off at the controls, the records state.
An unidentified banner pilot said Killian did not answer his radio while flying in “large pitch oscillations,” and that Killian later told the pilot he had fallen asleep, investigators said.
Killian denied having such a conversation or sleeping while airborne, according to investigators. He told them any oscillations were less extreme than described and had been caused by “winds through the buildings.”
When pressed by investigators, Killian declined to comment further.
They agency's findings led some to question whether Killian should still be permitted to fly. According to FAA records, he remains a licensed commercial pilot and certified aviation instructor.
“I'm surprised the FAA hasn't revoked his license,” said Don Moss, a pilot who runs a Nevada-based consulting company for aviation accident investigations. “Good pilots don't have to just have good flying skills, they have to exercise good judgment. And from the sound of it, he has not.”
Tommy Payton, a family friend who lives near Surles' home on Shoemaker, shook his head upon learning the NTSB said the pilot had run out of fuel.
“That's crazy – how do you run out of gas in an airplane?” Payton said. “He shouldn't be flying.”
Efforts to reach Surles' family members were unsuccessful.
Killian, who has not been charged with any crimes, referred questions to his attorney, Alan Armstrong, who did not return calls or emails.
A busy day in the air
Killian had already had a long day in the air when he took off from Detroit's Coleman A. Young International Airport shortly before 6 p.m. that day.
His mission: Tow a banner with a message for a local car dealership over the nearly 1 million people gathered along both sides of the Detroit River.
Killian began at Lansing's airport for flight instruction from 8-10 a.m. but the flight was canceled due to a parts problem on the aircraft. He then flew a Cessna from Lansing to Howell, where he had flight instruction from 10:30 a.m. until 4 p.m.
Killian flew the Cessna to Detroit for the banner-towing job, which was supposed to end with him landing back at the east-side airport by 9 p.m.
James R. Miller, the owner/operator of Air America Sign Banners, had hired Killian, but became alarmed when he learned the pilot had been airborne on the banner flight for more than three hours, according to the investigative reports. Company policy limits flights that pull the 100-foot-long banners to 2 hours, 45 minutes.
There were also concerns that Killian had continued flying too far south of the Ambassador Bridge, beyond the scope of his flight.
Miller, who was flying one of four other banner-pulling planes, told investigators he ordered Killian to land immediately after reaching him by radio.
Miller wrote in a signed statement that Killian “showed no concern of his time” in the air – though he had been warned before not to stay aloft too long.
“He proceeded back to Detroit (city airport) with what seemed like not a care in the world when he lost his engine,” Miller wrote.
Killian told investigators he took immediate action while heading toward the airport, six miles to the northeast.
“I enriched the fuel mixture and turned on the auxilliary fuel pump and the engine continued to run for a few seconds before it failed completely,” he said, according to the agency's reports.
“I informed Detroit City (Airport) Tower and released the banner almost immediately after and flew the aircraft to an emergency landing,” Killian told investigators.
The banner fell along Cooper Street, police said.
The Cessna ran out of gas at 8:53 p.m. and crash-landed five minutes later, records state.
Reached last week, Miller refused to discuss Killian's brief time as a contract employee with his firm.
“I haven't talked with Seth in over a year. Beyond that, I really have nothing to say,” said Miller. “For all I know, he may still be flying. But he hasn't for us.”
Fuel trouble in Wisconsin
A day after reports of the Detroit accident, a pilot in Wisconsin, Greg Chapman, recalled a similar incident June 11 at the Westosha Airport.
Chapman spoke to investigators after filing a report saying he had seen a pilot he believed to be Killian “glide” what he thought was the same Cessna 150 into that airport.
After landing, the pilot manually pulled the aircraft off the runway by its propeller to get to an airport gas pump, Chapman told investigators.
Killian allegedly told Chapman his company credit card wouldn't work at the pump and Chapman offered to pump enough fuel into the aircraft to get Killian to another airport.
Killian blamed headwinds that hadn't been forecast for causing the plane to use more gas, Chapman said.
Chapman said he gave Killian, who acted as though running out of gas “was no big deal,” a lecture on aviation safety, he told investigators.
When agency investigators reviewing the Detroit incident pressed Killian about the Wisconsin landing, he eventually recalled flying to Wilmot from Toledo to tow banners, but he denied running out of gas.
FAA regulations stipulate that no person may begin a flight, in daytime visual meteorological conditions, unless there is enough fuel to reach the intended destination, plus 30 minutes while at a normal cruising speed. Pilots must account for wind and forecast weather conditions.
Banner-towing can greatly increase fuel consumption. Towing can burn 9.5 to 10.5 gallons of gas per hour, quickly depleting the Cessna's 40-gallon capacity, Andrew Todd Fox, an air safety investigator for the NTSB, told Miller in a Nov. 17 email.
‘An open investigation'
Nearly a year later, Killian's crash landing in Detroit remains under investigation.
Detroit police, who responded to the June 27 incident, referred questions to federal investigators.
Maria Miller, a spokeswoman for the Wayne County Prosecutor's Office, said the incident never resulted in any review for criminal charges.
FAA officers contacted in Michigan referred questions to the FAA's Great Lakes Regional Office in Chicago.
Tony Molinaro, an FAA spokesman in Chicago, declined to comment.
The FAA can suspend or revoke a pilot's license and levy fines. It also can require extra training and a “check ride” with an inspector to assess a pilot's skills.
Killian has logged more than 1,000 hours' flying time and 363 hours as an instructor, according to FAA records.
He is a junior attending Michigan State University in an undergraduate degree program in mathematics and computer science.
An examination of the Cessna after the Detroit incident found no mechanical failure. In a July 7 memo, inspector Lawrence Krasniewski said the engine ran smoothly during a test.
The NTSB summed up the incident: “The pilot's disregard of the banner-tow operator's policy regarding the maximum allowable flight duration ... resulted in a total loss of engine power due to fuel exhaustion.”
Moss, the aviation accident consultant, called Killian's alleged conduct in Detroit “unacceptable.”
“What he did by flying at risk of running out of fuel is unforgivable — it's totally unacceptable by any standpoint,” Moss said. “It is the very definition of recklessness.”
The Wayne County Medical Examiner's Office ruled Surles' death accidental.
Payton, Surles' neighbor, said her family is “doing all right” nearly a year after her death.
“I talk to her daughter every day,” said Payton, 22. “She just asked me to go to the graveyard to put flowers on her mom's grave.”
mmartindale@detroitnews.com
(248) 338-0319
George Hunter contributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2toxoUr
Guam's sandy beaches and aquamarine waters make it a popular getaway for travellers from Japan and South Korea. ( ED JONES / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
HAGATNA, GUAM—Tourists haven't been deterred from visiting the tropical island of Guam even though the U.S. territory has been the target of threats from North Korea during a week of angry words exchanged by Pyongyang and Washington. Chiho Tsuchiya of Japan heard the news, but she decided to come anyway with her husband and two children. “I feel Japan and Korea also can get danger from North Korea, so staying home is the same,” said the 40-year-old. Won Hyung-jin, an official from Modetour, a large South Korean travel agency, said several customers called with concerns, but they weren't worried enough to pay cancellation fees for their trips. Read more: Why North Korea is threatening Guam with its ballistic missiles
Article Continued Below
The U.S. territory has a population of 160,000, but it attracted 1.5 million visitors last year. One-third of Guam's jobs are in the tourism industry. Guam is a key outpost for the U.S. military, which uses it as a base for bombers and submarines. The island's sandy beaches and aquamarine waters make it a popular getaway for travellers from Japan and South Korea. Guam is only about three hours by plane from major cities in both countries. The number of South Korean travellers in particular has been growing lately because five low-cost airlines started flying to Guam from South Korea, said Antonio Muna, the vice-president of Guam Visitors Bureau. This helped boost arrival figures to a 20-year high in July, Muna said.
The threats came in a week in which long-standing tensions between the countries risked abruptly boiling over. New United Nations sanctions condemning the North's rapidly developing nuclear program drew fresh ire and threats from Pyongyang. U.S. President Donald Trump responded by vowing to rain down “fire and fury” if challenged. The North then threatened to lob missiles near Guam. Kenji Kikuchi, 39, arrived from Japan last week and planned to leave Tuesday as scheduled. He was aware of the threat from reading the local newspaper and was a little worried. But he said North Korea's missiles would fall in the water not on Guam. His 8-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter weren't concerned. “They talk about it, but they don't care about it. So they like the sea and the pool,” he said. The Guam Visitors Bureau has heard reports of cancellations, but Muna said it doesn't yet have any concrete figures on how many took place. Officials are still expecting a strong August, Muna said. “Japan and Korea make over 90 per cent of our arrivals. And they're much closer to North Korea than Guam is,” Muna said. The agency has been relaying assurances from the governor and defence officials that Guam is protected and safe, he said. Trump told Guam's Republican governor the global attention would send more tourists to the island. “You're going to go up like tenfold with the expenditure of no money,” he told Gov. Eddie Calvo in a telephone conversation Calvo posted Sunday on Facebook. Trump said he'd been watching scenes of Guam on the news, and “it just looks like a beautiful place.” At a news conference Monday, Calvo said that Guam is in a “normal state of readiness and its business as usual.” There is “no change in security threat levels.” He told the reporters that “we are defended and will be protected.”
Read more about:
Klopp unhappy as Can contract talks stall
Emre Can have not agreed a contract extension with Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp admits the situation is not "too cool".
by Omnisport News 15 Aug 2017, 04:02 IST
Liverpool's Emre Can (R) argues with Younes Kaboul of Watford
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is unhappy Emre Can have not signed a new contract but is adamant the midfielder will not be sold.
The 23-year-old is in the final year of his deal at Anfield and has been heavily linked with a move to Juventus as talks with the Reds continue to stall.
Klopp admits it is not "too cool" to have failed to reach a breakthrough but remains convinced the Germany international will not leave during the transfer window.
"So far there is no signing and that is the situation," Klopp said ahead of his side's Champions League play-off first leg against Hoffenheim.
"We are still in talks. Do I think it is too cool that we didn't fix it so far? No, to be honest. But it is all okay at the moment and we have to take it like this.
"His mind is not elsewhere. It is an important contract for him at his age.
"I am 100 per cent sure that we don't sell the player now in this situation. Not a player from the first team line-up, for sure. He will play here for the next year. All the rest, we have to see.
"In Germany, this kind of pressures come up one year before the contract ends. In England, it is two years before.
"Last year, there was no real readiness for negotiations but this year we have talked. It's clear we want him and he also wants to stay. It is about a few little details.
"It's not about having to make a decision about bringing in another player in the same position, the same size, the same skills.
"Emre is in a good way. He has really improved in a lot of parts and is a really important player for us. He can play different positions.
"The situation is not perfect, I would prefer that he has already signed, but I am still positive we can find the right solution for both sides."
(Mayfield, Ky.) February 13, 2017 – West Kentucky Rural Electric Cooperative continues its investment in local youth by continuing to sponsor its Scholarship and Washington Youth Tour Programs.
Applications for both programs are now available at high school guidance counselors' offices, online at www.wkrecc.com, or at any West Kentucky RECC office and are due on March 3, 2017.
The Scholarship Program annually awards eight $1,000 scholarships to high school seniors who will be pursuing higher education in the next year. To be eligible for the program, students must be a high school senior in good standing and have a parent or guardian that is a member of West Kentucky Rural Electric Cooperative and receives power from West Kentucky RECC at their principle residence. Two high school seniors from each of the cooperative's four districts are chosen for the scholarship award.
Two high school juniors in the West Kentucky Rural Electric Cooperative service area are chosen each year to participate in the Rural Electric Youth Tour Program, sponsored jointly by WKRECC and the Kentucky Association of Electric Cooperatives. Students who participate in this program will receive an expense-paid trip to Washington, D.C. where they will spend a week with other cooperative representatives touring the city and meeting with Kentucky's congressional delegation.
Questions about either program can be directed to Georgann Lookofsky at 270-247-1321 or 1-877-495-7322.
Groupon, the daily deals platform that has been restructuring itself and trying to shift into more profitable areas of e-commerce, today reported its Q4 earnings. They were mixed. The company beat on sales of $934.9 million but with a net loss of $50.2 million, working out to a non-GAAP EPS of $0.07. Analysts were expecting revenues of $912.8 million, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.02.
The company reported 31.2 million customers in North America and 52.7 million globally.
Groupon has been on a long road to trying to fix its business, after once being feted as a hot startup, blasting off in a hot IPO, and then crashing and burning as the reality of the its business set in: that daily deals are not nearly as constant and strong a market as many thought they would be.
Last quarter, the company punctuated its earnings two significant announcements that both point to the ongoing consolidation in that market: Groupon announced yet more closures of global offices where business was costing it too much and not giving enough returns, and it acquired LivingSocial.
Both of these are having a negative impart at least In the short term. ” Gross billings were impacted by dispositions and country exits in connection with Groupon's restructuring efforts, partially offset by the addition of LivingSocial. On a same-country, FX-neutral basis, gross billings,” it noted.
Once a huge competitor but more recently, if anything, even more crippled by the daily deals doldrums than Groupon itself, LivingSocial in its life as a startup raised $928 million from a range of backers that included top-shelf VCs as well as Amazon, all of whom essentially wrote off their investments as the startup went through several rounds of restructuring and pivoting.
(One of its divestments, in fact, had been to Groupon, which acquired TicketMonster from it in Korea in a bold Asia play, only to sell it off again just over a year later.)
Today we'll be listening to the call to hear about how the integration of the two businesses is going, or if there was another motivation for this acquisition.
Full year revenue was $3.14 billion in 2016, compared with $3.12 billion in 2015.
More to come.
Wilder hopes his long-simmering disagreement with the Argos will also end with the club permitting him to try out for NFL teams.
“That's what's up,” the CFL's rookie of the year for 2017 tweeted Wednesday. “Respect to you guys and good luck to him.”
Then he added a comment praising the team for helping a star player chase his NFL dream.
Toronto Argonauts running back James Wilder Jr. retweeted a post from the B.C. Lions announcing they had cut linebacker Micah Awe so he can pursue an NFL contract.
On Thursday, CFL commissioner Randy Ambrosie issued a statement saying he's open to revisiting the issue, while reiterating the current rule contains no NFL escape clause for players under contract.
Previously, NFL teams had a window each winter to negotiate with CFLers who, like Wilder, are in the option year of their contracts, but the league ended that in 2012. Now CFL players must become free agents before seeking NFL deals, and last month CFL owners voted against reinstating the NFL negotiation window.
“Our rules and procedures are clear,” Ambrosie said in the statement. “Players are required to honour their contracts as they are registered with the league . . . The Toronto Argonauts have honoured these rules and procedures as they should.”
Last week, Wilder and teammate Victor Butler, each still under contract, campaigned online to pressure the team to allow them to seek NFL jobs. Wilder has made his case on Twitter, while Butler, who recorded a team-high 10 sacks, penned an essay for the 3DownNation CFL blog arguing the team was “holding (him) hostage.”
The CFL Players' Association says it's investigating Wilder's and Butler's cases and thus can't comment on them publicly. But president Jeff Keeping says the association plans to push to restore the NFL negotiation window in the next collective agreement. The current deal expires next spring.
“Fans and players recognize the wage gap between the NFL and CFL is so great that it's hard to argue against giving players that opportunity,” he said.
In an interview published Friday on the league's website, Ambrosie also suggested CFL players narrow the wage gap by working full-time in the off-season.
“Start building an opportunity for their after-football life which, frankly, comes up more quickly than you would think when you're in the game,” he said.
Argos general manager Jim Popp advocates returning to the pre-2012 rule, saying it would allow all parties to plan for a player jumping to the NFL in his option year. Otherwise, he says, teams and players make informal deals — like agreeing to cut a player midway through a standard two-year contract — to skirt the rule while appearing to follow it.
The CFL ruled on Thursday that the Lions' release of Awe was engineered to dodge the NFL negotiation ban, and announced it would fine the Lions for the move.
“Our club chooses not to circumvent the rule,” Popp said. “We're in favour of bringing back the rule that allows guys to work out (for NFL teams). It's 10 times more positive than the one time you may lose a guy (to the NFL).”
In 1997, the CFL accepted a $3-million loan from the NFL aimed at boosting the struggling league. The loan carried no interest, but contained the stipulation that the league grant NFL teams permission each winter to negotiate with CFL players in the option year of their contracts.
The winter of 2009 saw 10 players depart for the NFL, with seven ultimately returning to the CFL, according to the league. In 2010, 13 players signed NFL deals and 10 returned after being cut from their NFL teams.
Over the last two off-seasons, 36 CFL free agents have joined NFL teams, with 22 eventually coming back.
Those numbers don't indicate a massive talent drain, but they highlight the CFL's difficult position. While the league has long served as a stepping stone for players with NFL aspirations, losing stars south of the border complicates the marketing of players and teams.
“It's not like the rule was changing the identity of the league,” said Matt Maychak, the CFL's chief communications officer, “(but) maybe we'll lose some good young players just when the fans are getting to know them.”
The dilemma has turned acute in Toronto, where the Argos won the Grey Cup, were acquired by MLSE, and hoped to leverage both of those milestones to expand their local fan base. This winter, the club has aggressively courted potential season-ticket buyers online, with one ubiquitous ad featuring Wilder's picture next to the team's logo and the slogan “This is Argo Football.”
But even as the team features him in its marketing campaign, Wilder — citing a low salary and high cost of living — has said he might sit out 2018 before seeking another NFL job next year. Last week, he issued a statement saying several NFL teams had expressed interest.
Butler, meanwhile, wrote that the Argos knew upon signing him that he didn't plan a long stay in the CFL.
“I made it painfully clear to the team that I was only interested in playing the 2017 season,” Butler wrote. “I saw this as a great opportunity and possible chance to relaunch my NFL career.”
For his part, Popp says both players signed two-year deals with team options, and that both were informed in January that the Argos planned to bring them back. Popp says the club received written notification from both that they were aware the Argos had exercised the option.
He says bringing back the NFL negotiation period would help players and teams avoid off-season drama.
“It gives you a chance to plan and know, even before free agency,” Popp said.
Andrew Markel is the editor of Brake & Front End magazine. He has been with Babcox Media for 15 years. He is a technician and former service writer and holds several automotive certifications from ASE and ­aftermarket manufacturers. He can be reached at [email protected]
The brakes on 2005-2014 Mustangs are fairly standard, with discs both in the front and rear. The front calipers are of the dual piston variety, while the rear calipers have single pistons. Four-wheel anti-lock brakes are standard on all models.
The only major difference in the brake systems between the base V6 models and the V8-powered GT models is the size of the rotors. The V6-powered Mustangs have 11.5-inch front rotors, while the GT models have larger 12.4-inch front rotors. The rear rotors on both models are 11.8 inches in diameter, but are narrower than the ones up front.
BRAKE ISSUES
To date, there have been no major problems with the brakes on these Mustangs. Other than the normal wear one would expect, the brakes have been reliable and relatively trouble free — with one exception.
On the 2005 and 2006 models, there have been some reports of the rear parking brake cables freezing up during cold weather. Apparently, road splash gets past the parking brake cable end seals, puddles inside the cable and freezes. This may prevent the parking brake from releasing, causing the rear brakes to drag. Ford issued TSB 06-5-4 on Feb. 20, 2006 covering this problem, and recommends fixing it by replacing the original parking brake cables with new redesigned cables that are more water resistant.
The pads should also be replaced if there is more than 3 mm of taper in any direction, if the pads have been contaminated with brake fluid from a leaky brake caliper or if the owner is complaining about squealing or groaning brake noise.
If these models need new pads, you also need to measure the rotors to see how much they are worn — even if they appear to be relatively smooth with no serious grooving, cracking or visible hard spots (discolored patches). The minimum rotor thickness specification for the front rotors on both the V6 and V8 Mustangs is 28.4 mm (1.11 inches) and 17.4 mm (0.68) inches for the rear rotors.
If a rotor still has enough metal left in it for another go around, but needs to be resurfaced to smooth up the surface, the minimum “machine to” spec is about 0.6 mm more than the minimum thickness specification: 29 mm for the V6 and V8 front rotors (30.6 mm for the Shelby front rotors), and 18 mm for the rear rotors. This spec will allow for wear until the next time the brake pads are replaced.
PERFORMANCE UPGRADE OPTIONS
Many Mustang owners are good prospects for brake performance upgrades. If the pads and/or rotors need to be replaced anyway, it's not a hard sell to convince certain customers that stopping quick is just as important as going fast. The most popular brake upgrades include performance aftermarket brake pads made with friction materials that can handle higher braking temperatures and drilled/slotted/grooved rotors that provide improved cooling and venting of hot gases from the pads.
The nice thing about selling and installing performance upgrades is that it can add a great deal of profitability to what would otherwise be a standard brake job. Most of these upgrades are simple bolt-on installations that require few, if any, modifications. The only thing you have to watch out for is making sure there is adequate clearance between the inside of the wheel and the caliper when larger rotors are installed.
The front rotors on a V6 Mustang can be upgraded to the larger stock V8 rotors, but require 17-inch or larger wheels for clearance. If a set of 13- or 14-inch aftermarket performance rotors are being mounted in place of the stock GT rotors, the wheels have to be 18 inches or larger, depending on the calipers.
Jackson recounted his love of that word on a stop in New York earlier this summer. New York is where the 68-year-old Jackson, a Tennessee native and graduate of Atlanta's Morehouse College, got his start in theatre. He's looking for a play now, he says, except that “every time I mention it, my agent seems to find me another movie.”
That's also true of his latest, The Hitman's Bodyguard, an R-rated action-comedy in which he stars alongside Ryan Reynolds. Throughout hails of bullets and high-speed chases, the two trade countless foul-mouthed insults. Reynolds, at one point, accuses Jackson of ruining the word “motherf-----“ — a trademark of the actor's. Jackson also recorded a blues song for the film, which, fittingly, opens with an expletive.
Jackson — ever-changing but always himself — is ubiquitous. He travels, always, with dozens of movies with him (John Woo and Asian films are especially beloved) and regularly goes to the movie theatre, even to see his own movies. More than anyone else, Jackson makes being a movie star look fun.
Does any other actor so fully embody the high-octane thrills, the colourful language, the sheer bigness of American movies? Jackson is, not coincidentally, typically ranked as the highest all-time box-office star with nearly $5 billion in North American ticket sales over his career. He's a mainstay of Marvel, a veteran of both Star Wars and Jurassic Park, and the dependable muse of Quentin Tarantino. He's the bringer of “great vengeance and furious anger” and the ridder of snakes from planes.
It's a kind of all-encompassing word that describes a lot of different feelings and a lot of different things. It all depends on the inflection, the place in a particular sentence that allows someone to understand what you're saying and how you feel about it. It's very freeing in an interesting sort of way to relieve the pressure of the importance of something sometimes. You can elevate something with mother---- or you can deflate it with mother----. The word works in so many wonderful and amazing ways.
You must be one of the greatest cursers to ever live. What do you love about the word ‘motherf-----'?
I still do, as you've probably noticed when I talk too fast. It was the release word. It was in the pin in the bubble.
Not everyone in Hollywood always looks like they're enjoying themselves, but you do.
Yeah, I do. It's one of those dream jobs. I always liked the movies, from the time I was a kid. I did a lot of pretending with my friends and I did plays and all this other stuff. It just kept going until I finally reached the point where I figured it was a viable occupation to have. Nobody ever said, “You can be an actor.” When I finally decided I was going to do it, it just became my obsession. I looked at Errol Flynn and John Wayne and those guys. It looked like fun, swinging from ship to ship, sword fighting.
You recently narrated the Oscar-nominated James Baldwin documentary I Am Not Your Negro. Baldwin spoke about the effect of growing up seeing only white faces on the screen. Did you have that experience?
I was growing up in segregation, so I didn't expect to go to the movies and see black people up on the screen. It's just not what I expected. I guess growing up like Baldwin did in an inclusive society in New York, was very different. For me, everything was very separate. Even the movie theatres I was going to be all-black theatres. I went to a theatre that was specifically black, in my neighbourhood. My whole existence was black. I only encountered white people when I went downtown. Now when I did see Sidney Poitier or Harry Belafonte (on screen), I often questioned my mama about why he died all the time. Then when I started getting cast in something, I'd flip through the script and see what page I died on. I got it, at that point.
You'll do movies with Raoul Peck and Spike Lee, but you generally seem to favour larger popcorn movies like “Kong: Skull Island” or “The Legend of Tarzan.”
When people say, “You do genre movies,” well, that's what the movies were like when I was growing up. Yeah, sure, I like a drama. I like being angst-ridden sometimes. But most of the time I want to go to the movies and watch some stuff that makes me go, “Oh man!” I want to be leave the theatre going, “That was awesome! That was great! Ahh!” That's why people go to the movies and I want to be part of that. I've always wanted to be in a King Kong movie, so there I am, standing in front of King Kong. Yeah, so I make trivial choices. But it should be that. It should be fun to do. People talk about, “I can't stand to watch myself on screen.” Well, get another job! You expect people to pay $12 or $15 to go and see you and you don't want to see it? I don't think so.
You've played golf with President Trump before. What did you think of him?
I didn't spend enough time around him to decide if I really liked him or did not like him. He was just a guy on the golf course. I met him at a tournament somewhere. He invited me to play at his place. I played with him at his place. I saw what kind of golfer he was. Golf's a very moral game. You kind of police yourself out there, and he didn't really police himself very well out there. Once he started to espouse his political opinion or his general opinion about the world, the state of the people who live in this particular country, based on that, not such a great person in my opinion. But that's my opinion.
K9 Ventures, a nine-year-old, seed-stage venture firm that has become renowned in Silicon Valley circles for working closely with budding startups at the paper napkin stage, has closed its third fund with $42 million.
The firm's founder and its sole general partner, Manu Kumar — a serial entrepreneur with a PhD in computer science from Stanford — tends to invest less than a million dollars at the outset. But founders get his help to build their teams — and their prototypes — in exchange.
The strategy appears to be working. His first fund, closed in 2008, included stakes in the ride-share company Lyft and the software company Twilio, which went public last year. It also has several other promising startups in its portfolio, including eShares, a company that digitizes paper stock certificates along with stock options, warrants, and derivatives to give stakeholders a real-time picture of who owns what at a startup. His second fund, which closed with $40 million in 2012, meanwhile includes stakes in the educational games company Osmo and the authentication startup Auth0.
Kumar tells us he could have raised much more this time around — that in fact there's substantial market pressure to raise a larger fund these days — but he calls it a “slippery slope” that he isn't interested in navigating. In fact, to underscore how K9 works, it invested in just two startups in both 2015 and 2016, though it typically looks to invest up in up to four startups per year.
We had a quick exchange with Kumar on Friday to check in and learn what he's seeing out there right now.
TC: What was it like, raising this third fund, compared with your earlier funds?
MK: Raising Fund I was the hardest for me. I didn't know much about “LPs” and so had a lot of learning to do to understand how the “money behind the money” operates. That was compounded by my impeccable timing of starting to raise in July 2008. In January 2009, I finally had to make a call that I would start investing with my own money, and when I said that, a few of the investors from my previous companies participated. The initial closing was at $3 million. Over the course of the year, most investors doubled down and we closed that first fund with $6.25 million.
Fund II required a lot of meetings, as I was moving from a $6.25 fund to a $40 million fund, was a solo-GP, and I was determined to do it in a single closing. The early performance of Fund I, with meaningful distributions to LPs, probably helped. This was also my first time dealing with truly institutional LPs. It took probably a little over a year to get it done.
Fund III, relatively speaking was a breeze. We closed within about around 3 months.
TC: What are you seeing in terms founder expectations, when it comes to check sizes?
MK: Most companies, when they raise a small amount these days — meaning less than $2 million –don't issue any announcement about it. So the only announcements that founders see in the press are the that, “company X raised a $3 million seed round” or, worse, that “company Y raised a $6 million seed round.” When you combine that with the conventional wisdom that “seed” is supposed to be the first round — but is not — a lot of founders come in expecting that they're going to raise $2 million to $3 million in the initial financing, without having anywhere close to the level of team, product, traction, or even longevity behind the company.
TC: Are you seeing any difference in the founders you are meeting with? Are they any more or less humble than in previous years?
MK: I think I've successfully selected out of the process for founders that are not humble. Being humble is a key requirement for me — not only for founders but also for myself.
The amount of capital entering the early stage — meaning pre-seed and seed — market is immense. Lots of new early stage funds are being formed, and “non-traditional LPs” are often the source of capital behind these funds. So with that many sources of capital, I can see how founders might feel like they're in high demand. The smart founders will do their homework on the VCs they're working with and optimize carefully between the right partner and the right price.
TC: What are some of the next big trends you're most focused on?
MK: I generally let founders educate me on the future — they're more prescient than I could ever be. That said, when I look at some of the recent companies I've been involved with, I've extracted a thesis that I'm exploring further. The thesis is really around non-typical industries that are ripe for disruption. For example: eShares is addressing an industry that was underserved. No one was doing a good job helping private companies manage equity, valuations and transactions. We filled that void. Likewise, Everlaw is doing something similar for lawyers and litigation. The other industry that I'm currently deep into is agriculture.
TC: Have you made a related bet yet?
KM: Yes, one of the companies I invested in recently is building robots that harvest strawberries. So sector-wise, it's in agricultural robotics. It wouldn't normally sound like a space that VCs would get into, until you start looking at the market and the problem. Turns out there are 58,000 acres of strawberries in the U.S. And it costs between $10,000 and $12,000 per acre to harvest them. That's a big market just in strawberries and doesn't even begin to address how the same technology can extend to other types of fruits and vegetables. To top it off, the current trend is that there simply isn't enough labor to harvest all the fruits and vegetables.
The press loves to talk about machines and automation replacing jobs. The reality is that there simply aren't enough people who want to do the job. There aren't enough farmworkers. And there aren't enough truck drivers, either. And the trend line shows that that problem is going to get worse.
TC: What can you tell us about this particular team?
MK: After an introduction from a computer vision professor, I met them in their garage in Mountain View. Now they're building a 600-pound robotic harvesting machine right in my office. It's a lot of fun.
Pictured above: K9's Palo Alto office.
Unhappy Antonio Conte admits Chelsea are battling to secure their Champions League future and warned of a “bad surprise” if his side do not raise their game.
A 1-0 loss at West Ham last Saturday and Manchester City's win in the Manchester derby on Sunday saw Chelsea slip 14 points behind Pep Guardiola's leaders.
This league is not simple. We have to fight to find a place in the Champions League. (But) we must be very realistic to understand that this league is very dangerous. Antonio Conte
After a fourth loss in 16 games, Conte thinks a title challenge is now all-but over and spoke of a revised target ahead of tonight's Premier League visit to Huddersfield.
“I'm not happy because the last game we lost against West Ham. I like to win. When we lose I'm not happy,” said Conte.
“In 16 games we lost four games.
“My experience tells (me) it's impossible to win the title.
“Now we must be focused in the league to go game by game, to do our best.
“This league is not simple. We have to fight to find a place in the Champions League.
“(But) we must be very realistic to understand that this league is very dangerous.
“We have to go game by game, play every game with 120 per cent of our strength, otherwise we risk to have a bad surprise at the end of the season.”
Conte's focus is on the immediate future and not the Champions League last-16 tie with Barcelona.
He has continually bemoaned a lack of transfer activity last summer, when he watched rivals City and Manchester United strengthen their squads.
But the Italian is seeking an immediate response and is not relying on new recruits in January's winter transfer window to improve Chelsea's fortunes.
“It's important to find a solution in this moment and not to look too far (ahead),” he added.
“There are many games (before the transfer window opens). We have to find a solution early.”
Conte is likely to make changes for the trip to Huddersfield. Midfielder Tiemoue Bakayoko was substituted at half-time at the London Stadium and striker Alvaro Morata was replaced 10 minutes into the second half and both could be in need of a rest.
He added: “New players need a bit of time to adapt themselves to our idea of football, to adapt themselves in this league.
“This is not simple. The most important thing is to have the will to work and to try to improve every day.”
Think about practicality above all. The first things you need to focus on will be the ones that impact your ability to use the space effectively and safely. Yard levelling may be at the top of a landscaping plan; leaky roofs need to be repaired before you move ahead with a great new slate roof.
Give consideration to work that can pay for itself over time. Some projects offer immediate return on investment; you should make those early priorities in a series of jobs. If you can only handle part of a room remodelling job, for instance, energy-efficient windows are an excellent choice to start with. Anything that reduces energy or water consumption will yield an immediate savings starting with your next bill.
After that, consider your current situation. Are you fixing up a starter home? Is your current home a bit out of date and you want to get rid of that shag carpeting? Crown moulding, painting or wallpaper, appliances and fixtures all make an immediate impact on a home's look and feel without necessarily breaking the bank.
Spoilers ahead for Solo: A Star Wars Story. In Solo, the biggest plot twist of the movie happens, unsurprisingly, at the very end. It turns out that Qi'ra (Emilia Clarke) has been working for Darth Maul's crime ring, which audiences hadn't really thought possible considering that the villain died in Episode I: Phantom Menace. With such a shocking ending, it seems almost certain that Qi'ra will be in more Star Wars movies. The fact that Clarke has a contract for additional films only makes predictions of a future movie starring Qi'ra and Darth Maul even more likely to come true.
In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Clarke revealed that she'd signed up for multiple Star Wars movies. According to the actor, though, that doesn't necessarily promise her role in them. "I think it's like an insurance thing," Clarke said. It would make sense that the star would need to sign on for more movies in the future even if the films aren't necessarily planned, as that's pretty normal for franchises. Then again, the ending of Solo does make it seem clear that future Star Wars movie will most certainly continue the story of Qi'ra and Darth Maul's future with the Crimson Dawn.
Although Han Solo breaks free from the crime group's mob-like membership, Qi'ra chooses to continue to live life as a delinquent, proving her allegiance to Darth Maul outweighs her friendship with Solo. The ending of Solo might lead people to conclude that the next Star Wars movie will be about Darth Maul, which makes sense since we all have questions about how exactly the former Sith Lord survived being severed in half by Obi-Wan's lightsaber. As such, the next Star Wars standalone movie could very well hav a focus on Qi'ra, especially if the theory that she's Rey's (Daisy Ridley) mom is actually true.
The debates over Rey's parentage have been going on since the mysterious scrapper first appeared in The Force Awakens. Basically, every female character from Star Wars history has come up as a potential mother-figure, from General Leia (Carrie Fisher) to Jyn Erso (Felicity Jones). The evidence that Qi'ra is actually Rey's mother, though, is pretty strong, since the two characters seem to have many similar qualities including their grittiness and independence — not to mention expert fighting skills.
A clue from the Star Wars blog, Bounding into Comics, might provide the most compelling evidence that Qi'ra is Rey's mother, and that's because the The Last Jedi's Art Book reveals that Rey's name was originally written as Kira. Seeing as Qi'ra is pronounced as "Kira," Rey being named Kira would have been much more obvious that the young hero is in fact related to Han Solo's former fling.
While Solo has always been described as an origin story for Han Solo, its ending suggests that it's actually much more than that. The movie could end up bridging a gap between Rey and the original Star Wars series by explaining through Qi'ra how Rey is related to the overall world.
And even if Qi'ra isn't actually Rey's mom, Clarke's character still has an exciting story ahead of her, which the future films could explore. As io9 reports, Darth Maul's story continues in the TV show, Star Wars Rebels, in which the former Sith ends up leaving the Crimson Dawn. If future Star Wars films end up following more of Darth Maul's story (whether to show a re-match between Obi-Wan and Maul or otherwise), it will most likely include Qi'ra. At least, it definitely should, since the headstrong combatant played by Clarke seems to only have just begun her role in the Star Wars universe.
Paris
The threat of terrorist attacks in France has put paid to fans' hopes of watching the World Cup on big screens in public spaces, France's ministry for the interior announced Tuesday.
“I remind all publicly-elected officials of the fact that ‘big screen' zones are completely forbidden in public spaces,” said a statement from the ministry.
France has been subject to several terrorist attacks in recent years, leading to an increased security presence all round.
“In the current climate of terrorist threats, the security procedures used at the last European Championship must be deployed again, with the same degree of efficiency.” At Euro 2016, held in France, fans wanting to watch games on big screens in public had to do so by entering one of the 10 officially sanctioned “fan zones” in each host city, at which there was a heavy security presence.
Tuesday's directive suggested that city officials hoping to bend the rules and organise their own fan zones with big screens can do so.
But “these transmissions, organised under their responsibility, can only be held in closed or strictly controlled areas (stadiums, sports venues, conference centres halls etc.)” These areas would also require a “heavy security presence” and be at the “cost of the organiser”.
The 2018 World Cup in Russia will be held June 14-July 15.—APP
You must be a paid subscriber to view the E-Edition. If you cannot view the edition click here to subscribe.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Authorities say a man who crashed his vehicle into a ditch suffered a seizure before losing control of his vehicle.
It happened about 12:22 p.m. on Sunday, Aug. 13 on N. Van Dyke Road near Mushroom Road in Sanilac County's Lamotte Township.
Investigators said a 27-year-old Grand Blanc man suffered a seizure while driving a 2014 Chevy Malbu southbound on N. Van Dyke.
The man lost control of the car, causing it to swerve off the road, enter the east ditch and come to rest against a group of trees.
The man was helped by other drivers as well as an off-duty officer until paramedics could arrive on scene.
He was taken to Marlette Hospital for treatment of his injuries. His condition is unknown.
Police did not release the driver's name.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Korean TV show “Infinite Challenge” is at the top of several local music charts as of Monday, with songs from its recent project episode on hip-hop and history.
The song “Your Night,” by cast member Hwang Kwang-hee, musician Gaeko and featuring singer Oh Hyuk, topped the charts of Korean music streaming and downloading websites, including MelOn, M.net and Genie, Sunday following their release during Saturday's episode of “Infinite Challenge.”
(MBC)
Other songs from the show, such as “Shoot” by comedian Haha and singer Song Min-ho, also made the list, edging out powerhouses like Big Bang and their recent release “FXXK IT.”“Your Night” is a tribute to Korean independence fighter and poet Yun Dong-ju. It refers to Yun's poem that depicts a man counting the stars and reflecting on memories, love and his mother. The poet is famous for expressing his strong will to resist the Japanese colonialism through his work.The chart-topping songs are from the show's project named “Great Inheritance,” which had the six members of “Infinite Challenge” team up with prominent Korean musicians to perform songs dedicated to historical figures.While writing the song, Hwang and Gaeko discussed the recent cinematic depiction of Yun in the movie “Dongju,” which showed the life of the poet, who died in a Japanese prison at 28 years old.“Shoot” is a piece dedicated to the legendary Adm. Yi Sun-shin, who fought off Japanese invasions in the 16th century and is one of Korea's most revered and admired heroes. The song also satirized the recently unveiled government “blacklist” of cultural figures it deemed hostile.All profits from the “Great Inheritance” songs will be donated to various causes, according to reports.“Infinite Challenge” has repeatedly made a splash on the charts with its music projects. In 2015, it revived 1990s nostalgia, remaking smash hits from the era.By Yoon Min-sik
The Latest From Trump Lawyer Michael Cohen's Recent Court Appearance Trump attorney Michael Cohen is set to go before a federal judge on Wednesday in the latest hearing in the federal criminal case against him in New York. Cohen has been the subject of a months-long investigation into his businesses, which included selling offers of access to Trump.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol's restaurant scene is so diverse, it means you could get away with never eating at the same restaurant twice if you really wanted to.
But there are some restaurants in the city that are so good, they will always draw visitors back for a second visit.
Among the restaurants with the best reputation in the city is Birch, a small former office in Southville run by Sam Leach and Beccy Massey.
So it will come as a huge shock to learn that Birch has just announced that it will be closing later this year, putting the restaurant up for sale to focus on its side cider business.
Birch gained huge popularity and a number of rave reviews for its daily, changing menu put together with produce grown in their field on the outskirts of the city.
Leach and Massey started out running pop-up supper clubs around the city before opening the permanent Raleigh Road restaurant in 2014, which has become a neighbourhood staple.
Although the news comes at a turbulent time for city's restaurant scene, the pair insist putting Birch up for sale is not ‘Bristol's restaurant bubble bursting'.
A message posted on the Birch Instagram page reads: “After nearly four busy years, we have realised that the business needs to choose between continuing to run the restaurant, or focussing on the growing and cider making, and the growing won. The restaurant is now on the market, available for sale, and we are hoping that the sale will take place this summer.
“We have had a brilliant time growing, cooking and serving food in our lovely little neighbourhood restaurant. It has introduced us to wonderful people, we have learnt a huge amount, worked with some of the finest cooks and waiters in Bristol, bought us a house, developed a market garden from scratch on poor soil, and nurtured a long held interest in cider into the small seed of a future business. None of this could have happened without the support of our customers, particularly our regulars and local customers, and we thank those of you who have spent money with us wholeheartedly.”
They go onto say that the last year has brought about some unexpected “fantastic opportunities” including taking on more land to grow and taking on an orchard in Chew Magna.
They add: “This isn't the bubble bursting on the Bristol Restaurant scene, the Bristol restaurant scene has never been in such health. We are leaving a profitable business and putting it up for sale to another operator, most likely an owner operator, who wants to buy a fully functional, well equipped and well maintained restaurant. Good accounts, fantastic staff, great location and probably the best lease of any Bristol restaurant. Do you fancy it?”
The post has been met with a mixture of sadness and well wishes from its multitude of fans around the city.
They have not yet revealed exactly when the restaurant will close.
Bristol Post food critic Mark Taylor said: "The surprise news that Birch is up for sale after four years is a genuine body blow. Small, family-run and using produce grown by the owners themselves, it is the quintessence of the well-run neighbourhood restaurant and it defines the uncompromising independent spirit of Bristol's food scene. I've had some truly memorable meals at Birch and Sam is one of the most intelligent and inquisitive chefs Bristol has seen.
"Birch is going to be a huge loss to the scene but I wish Sam and Beccy nothing but good luck for the next chapter in their food journey as they embrace full-time growing and farming.”
BATTLEFORD, SASK.—A Saskatchewan farmer who was acquitted last month in the fatal shooting of a young Indigenous man is to be back in court April 16 to face gun charges.
Gerald Stanley was charged in November 2016 with two counts of unsafe storage of firearms and his case was up Monday in a North Battleford, Sask., courtroom.
The charges relate to the police investigation that began after 22-year-old Colten Boushie was shot and killed on Stanley's farm in August 2016.
Some of Boushie's family were outside court holding signs that read “Justice Against Institutional Racism” and “Blood on Your Hands.”
Stanley wasn't in court, nor was his lawyer, Scott Spencer, who called in for the proceeding.
10 highest paid footballers in the world
These footballers earn a ridiculous amount of money every week
@ashw77 by Ashwin Hanagudu Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 16:51 IST
The two best footballers in the world right now are arguably Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, but, surprisingly, both of them are not among the top two best-paid footballers.
China has emerged as the new contender in world football with the Chinese Super League spending ridiculous amounts of money to lure players from Europe. They even tried to convince Cristiano Ronaldo to join their ‘revolution', but Ronaldo who just signed a 5-year extension with Real Madrid decided to stay back and achieve more glories and trophies with Los Blancos.
However, there is no denying the power of Chinese Super League and it comes as little surprise that as many as 5 players from the super-rich league make this list. Without much ado, let us take a look at the 10 footballers with the highest salaries currently.
10 Wayne Rooney (Manchester United) - £260,000/week
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney is the tenth highest paid footballer in the world. Rooney is considered to be one of England's most talented players and Manchester United are paying an eye-watering amount of £260,000 a week to keep their captain at Old Trafford.
Having comfortably been outshined by players like Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Juan Mata and even Martial and Rashford, Rooney has looked slightly jaded and off the pace this season with Mourinho opting to keep him on the bench more often than not.
Playing in a variety of positions, be it the role of a striker or as a no.10, Rooney has failed to capture the fans' imagination at the Theatre of Dreams. However, fans should write off a player of Rooney's class at their own peril as the Englishman is more than capable of providing moments of magic.
But seeing the ridiculously high wages Rooney gets, fans will be questioning whether Wayne Rooney has done enough to justify such a high salary.
Published:
Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, says Nigerians presently have more electricity than they can consume.
Speaking in an interview with newsmen in Abuja, Garba said
“We have more electricity that cannot be consumed, 2,000 megawatts of electricity that nobody is taking. By the year ending, we are going to hit 10,000 megawatts from the 2,600 that we inherited.”.
Share This
Works to expand a Peterborough school are set to finish late and over budget following the collapse of Carillion.
Peterborough City Council announced on Monday it was terminating its £7million contact with the collapsed contractor which included a major expansion of Jack Hunt School in Netherton.
The secondary school is increasing by one form of entry as part of a £6.6 million expansion which also includes 11 new classrooms, a science classroom, an all-weather sports pitch and a new dining hall and kitchen.
The works are due to be completed in time for the new school year in September, but a council spokesman said: “We will probably lose four months while we sort it all and procure another contractor.
“However, we have agreed with the school to carry out some remodelling of existing spaces in the main school that will enable us to take the extra form of entry for September.”
Asked what works have been completed at the school so far, the spokesman said: “A steel frame has been constructed.” He also confirmed that it is “most likely” that the scheme will now cost the council more, with details yet to be determined.
Council cabinet member for resources Cllr David Seaton said last week that £3.1 million had so far been paid for the Jack Hunt project with the last payment coming on January 3.
The Carillion contract also relates to work at St Michael's Church School in Cardea and the new Hampton Gardens School which were both completed last year.
Both contracts were still in operation and in the 12 month defect liability period - the period of time a contractor retains liability under a building contract for dealing with any defects to the site.
Carillion has a base in Manasty Road, Orton Southgate, and its major contracts in the city included the £43 million revamp of Peterborough Station. The proposed new Hampton Lakes Primary School and the proposed new Heltwate Special School at Newark Road were both at the design stage with Carillion.
Cllr Seaton said the council owns the designs for both schools and that payment has only been given for the work done.
Council leader Cllr John Holdich said Carillion had always delivered “on time and on budget.”
A plan submitted by Queen Elizabeth's estate to convert disused stables into a house within the boundary of a Doncaster castle, has been deferred for a later date.
The Duchy of Lancaster, which manages the Sovereign's land, estates and assets, wants to renovate and alter the use of a cottage within the grounds of Tickhill Castle. The scheme also includes converting the stables into a single property.
Inside York Castle Museum
Councillors on Doncaster Council planning committee asked officers to provide a structural report before they make a final decision despite officers recommending the plan should be approved.
This proposal involves the renovation and extension of Castle Cottage and the conversion and extension of the redundant stables into a single house.
The plan received dozens of objections from Tickhill residents.
Remarkable Middle Ages monument near Hull is restored
Katie Moss, on behalf of her father-in-law who is the tenant at Castle Cottage, said: “Approval in these circumstances could set a precedent on other monuments nationwide
“The use proposed by the applicant is not of a rural nature and is for urban residential use. Approval of this application would contravene the law and regulations in respect for the Greenbelt.
“It's been said before, very special circumstances should be given to allow development in Greenbelt areas and this doesn't give any.
“The buildings are not redundant, there have been many applications from horse owners to rent the stables which have gone unanswered.”
But a representative from the Duchy of Lancaster said they have given ‘careful consideration' to the application.
They said “Our plan to is breathed into a redundant building and it has the backing of Historic England.”
Councillor Dave Shaw asked what assurances there were building would not be flattened and rebuilt due to the structure's condition.
The application was deferred and will be decided at a later date.
Our Correspondent
Jacobabad
Trees are very important for human life and trees have been providing better atmosphere for long and it is prime responsibility of parents and elders of the respective areas to spread awareness amongst their children and people to plant trees at maximum level so that our future generation could get benefit from our planted trees adding it is key of success for our upcoming future generation when our next generation would get healthy atmosphere.
This was said by Raaz Khan Pathan, the senior leader Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf [PTI] Jacobabad chapter when he was planting plants at Government Girls' Primary School Ali Sher Afridi and Shaheed Allah Bux garden, during three days an ongoing tree plantation campaign, it was started by him, here on Monday.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Bristol woman is facing the possibility of being jailed for life – for allegedly lying down on the approach to an airport runway to stop a ‘secret' deportation flight.
Ruth Potts is one of 15 activists facing terrorism charges for their protest at Stansted Airport almost a year ago.
The activist, from Southville in Bristol, is part of a group now known as the ‘Stansted 15', a group who occupied an access road not used for commercial flights, but which was where a plane-full of asylum-seekers and migrants were being deported to Ghana and Nigeria.
The campaigners are each charged with obstructing or disrupting a person engaged in lawful activity and organising or taking part in a demonstration likely to interfere or obstruct Stansted Airport and members of the group will also stand trial charged with terror offences under the Aviation and Maritime Security Act.
On the first day of the trial, a large-scale protest took place outside the court in Chelmsford, where Ms Potts and the 14 other campaigners took to the dock.
Their trial is controversial – an open letter signed by leading politicians, church leaders and civil rights campaigners in Britain was published hours before the trial begun criticising the fact the 15 are being prosecuted under terrorism offences, when it is alleged they merely laid down in front of an aeroplane.
The letter was signed by David Ramsbotham, the former chief inspector of prisons, co-leader of the Green Party Caroline Lucas, actress Emma Thompson and Tottenham MP David Lammy.
If found guilty, the maximum sentence Ms Potts, 42, and the other 14 could receive is life in prison.
There has been a growing campaign against the forced deportation flights which are taking failed asylum seekers and other migrants out of Britain.
In hundreds, maybe thousands, of cases – including several from Bristol – people who were brought to the UK as children decades ago by parents invited here in the 1960s and 70s from Commonwealth countries are now finding themselves deported as adults despite no connections with the country they were born in.
On March 28, one such flight, chartered by the Border Agency, was due to take off from a non-commercial runway at Stansted Airport in Essex, in what campaigners said are ‘secret deportation flights'. The protestors said these were taking place before the appeals processes for many on board had been exhausted.
Around 100 people from all over the country, including Bristol, protested outside the court in Chelmsford on Monday morning, and pledged to be there every day the trial – which is expected to last three weeks – continues.
SpaceX has successfully launched yet another rocket, this one carrying a Dragon capsule loaded with over 6,400 pounds of cargo destined for the International Space Station. That makes an even dozen for ISS resupply missions launched by SpaceX under contract to NASA, and this is the most significant thus far in terms of potential scientific impact.
CRS-12's payload was over 75 percent committed to hauling equipment and material for experiments and scientific research, which is more than on any other previous mission. Typically, the Dragon is loaded down with a greater percentage of supplies for the astronauts on board ISS, but this was intended more to set the stage for a range of experiments to be conducted by researchers on board the ISS during this year and in 2018. There's even an AR system on board designed to help astronauts improve their general efficiency.
The rocket successfully launched from NASA's Kennedy Space Center at 12:31 PM EDT, and Dragon deployed from the second stage as planned. Dragon will rendezvous with the ISS on August 16 for capture by the station's Canadarm 2 robotic appendage, after which it'll be attached to the rocket. After roughly a month, it'll return to Earth after leaving the ISS with around 3,000 pounds of returned cargo on board, and splash down in the Pacific Ocean for recovery.
There's another reason this launch was significant, aside from its experimental payload (which included a supercomputer designed to help humans travel to Mars): SpaceX will only use re-used Dragon capsules for all future CRS missions, the company has announced, meaning this is the last time a brand-new Dragon will be used to resupply the ISS, if all goes to plan.
Today's launch also included an attempt to recover the Falcon 9 first stage for re-use at SpaceX's land-based LZ-1 landing pad. The Falcon 9 first stage returned to Earth as planned, and touched down at Cape Canaveral roughly 9 minutes after launch.
Polish Supreme Court Head Defies Ruling Party As Crisis Deepens
Enlarge this image toggle caption Czarek Sokolowski/AP Czarek Sokolowski/AP
The head of Poland's Supreme Court defiantly arrived at work on Wednesday in Warsaw, rejecting a law by the right-wing government that aims at forcing her and many other top judges into retirement.
The controversial law is at the center of the storm of Poland's broader constitutional crisis, which is straining its relationship with the European Union.
"I want to show that the constitution and the violation of the constitution are two different things," Malgorzata Gersdorf told crowds of protesters, The Associated Press reported. They were chanting "Judges are not removable!"
"I still hope that the legal order will be restored in Poland," Gersdorf told the demonstrators.
Gersdorf had been told to step down at midnight because of a new law that lowers the retirement age of Supreme Court judges from 70 to 65. She argues that she must be allowed to finish her term that ends in 2020.
toggle caption Czarek Sokolowski/AP
The new law could have sweeping consequences for the Supreme Court, potentially impacting nearly half its judges in what critics call a purge, as NPR's Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson reported: "The government claims the forced retirements are aimed at fighting corruption and improving judicial efficiency."
Judges may request that the president allow them to stay on beyond the official retirement age. Some did apply, according to the BBC, but "Gersdorf was one of 11 judges who refused to make such an appeal."
The new moves are part of a broader set of aggressive actions taken by the ruling Law and Justice Party (PiS) that entrenches its control over the judiciary, raising alarm from critics who see it as the government overstepping its legal authority. The Associated Press spells it out:
"After already having taken control of common courts and the constitutional court, the ruling right-wing Law and Justice party now has captured control of the Supreme Court, the final appeals court for all civil and criminal cases, and the body that authorizes election results."
The changes have drawn formal criticism from the European Union. The European Commission said earlier this week that they "undermine the principle of judicial independence." It said it was launching an "infringement procedure," which could result in Poland being referred to the European Court of Justice. The Polish government was given one month to respond.
However, it's quite unlikely that the process will result in sanctions against Poland.
"Such actions require unanimous support of other EU bloc states," Soraya reported. "Hungary, where the government is carrying out its own purge of its critics, has already declared it will veto any actions against Warsaw."
toggle caption Czarek Sokolowski/AP
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki faced questions about the changes at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France.
"We don't want to rock the European boat," Morawiecki said, according to the AP. "We firmly believe that the European Union has future ahead, we only want our individual, national values to be respected."
Demonstrators gathered in multiple Polish cities on Wednesday, and the wire service reports that they marched to the Presidential Palace to express their discontent with the actions of President Andrzej Duda.
Gersdorf was not blocked from entering the Supreme Court building Wednesday, according to The New York Times. But it remains to be seen what authorities will do tomorrow. The newspaper reported that Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of Poland's ruling party, said Gersdorf is "doomed to fail miserably."
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — New York Jets running back Matt Forte and defensive lineman Kony Ealy will miss Sunday's game against the Cleveland Browns because of injuries.
Forte will be sidelined for the second straight game while recovering from turf toe. Bilal Powell is expected to get the start a week after he rushed for a career-high 163 yards against Jacksonville.
Ealy has a shoulder injury and is coming off a big game in which he had an interception and four passes defenced.
Coach Todd Bowles on Friday also ruled out cornerback Darryl Roberts (hamstring) and linebacker Josh Martin (ankle). Defensive end Muhammad Wilkerson (shoulder) and cornerback Juston Burris (foot) are questionable.
A CHEEKY tourist has reportedly added a racy video of her bare breast to a remote road on Google Maps, sending locals into a fluster - and racking up hundreds of five-star reviews for the spot.
The naughty clip shows her checking over her shoulder before pulling down the neckline of her pink top to expose her breast, while cheekily smiling at the camera.
Woman racks up hundreds of 5-star google reviews with cheeky nip slip. Picture: Viral Press
The cheeky nip flash brought in lots of Google reviews.
The woman supposedly uploaded the video to a quiet route along Pingtung County, Taiwan, and it immediately stood out from the other mundane images of farmland and farming equipment, The Sun reports.
Local residents who'd peeped the viral footage joked they were driving to the village "straight away".
One said: ''I've never thought about going there but now I want to. It definitely seems like a lively area.''
The quaint country road is now witnessing a spike in five-star reviews, with another user commenting: "This is a great place! I'm not afraid to make a special trip! This is the glory of being an experienced driver."
The exhibitionist used the search giant's latest video tagging feature to add the footage to a remote road in Pingtung County, Taiwan. Picture: Viral Press
That's a lot of reviews for a random country road. Picture: Viral Press
Screenshots of the 18-second clip are also being shared on Facebook groups in the country.
It's unclear who the woman at the centre of #boobgate is, though local media are referring to her as "western".
Some sleuths claimed to have also dug up more videos by the mysterious flasher on her YouTube account - but we've been unable to track down her page.
The fact that she posted a video to Google Maps indicates that she may be a "local guide".
That's the term reserved for users who regularly contribute reviews and photos to the GPS service.
The boob video has since been removed. Picture: Viral Press
With each contribution, they earn points that can be swapped for real-life perks including extra online data storage and early access to Google features.
And last September, Google gave Local Guides the ability to add videos to Maps as well.
But that's not to say you can post nude clips to the platform.
Google Maps' terms of usage states that it doesn't permit pornographic, explicit or sexually suggestive content.
However, it's up to users to report the objectionable posts, which Google promises to then swiftly remove.
And it seems the company has done just that in this instance, as the video is no longer appearing on that stretch of road.
The firm said it was investigating just how the clip was successfully smuggled on to Maps, and is working on strengthening the system's automatic detection mechanism.
This article originally appeared on The Sun and was reproduced with permission.
For if the current Progressive Conservative leadership race is anything like the last one, it will be democratic in name only. Political reality is another story entirely.
As Ontario's suddenly leaderless Tories frantically size up Doug Ford, Caroline Mulroney, Christine Elliott and Rod Phillips before their March vote, all is not as it seems.
The world's most famous Tory wasn't even referring to party leadership races, which can be even less democratic. And more problematic.
Democracy, as Winston Churchill famously said, “is the worst form of government, except for all those others that have been tried.”
Historically, however, many members feel far greater loyalty to the candidate who signed them up — brought them into the party, and possibly bought their membership — without weighing the alternatives. Execrable (and inevitable).
Realistically, they will be trying to pick a winner: the candidate most likely to vanquish the governing Liberals. Expedient (and understandable).
Theoretically, party members will be doing their due diligence on the rival candidates: policy analysis and character assessment. Excellent (and laudable).
Brought, bought and beholden. That's how a second-rate politician named Patrick Brown finished first in the last leadership race, setting the stage for winning the premiership on June 7.
He did it by signing up tens of thousands of new members with undoubted alacrity and allegedly unseen chicanery, raising money from donors and spending it on supporters with such blinding speed that his rivals couldn't keep up in 2015. They didn't have the votes because they didn't have as many members in their pocket.
To quote a famous Mulroney — Brian, not Caroline — “you dance with the one who brung ya.” Or to paraphrase the ex-PM, paid for ya.
Brown kept going and the party kept growing. From a moribund base of 10,000, the PCs mushroomed to 100,000 and then 200,000 under his guiding hand over the past two years.
Now, with a mere two weeks before the cut-off date for membership sales in the current leadership race, just underway, rival candidates cannot emulate Brown's record pace. For they dare not replicate his methods.
That's because the interim PC leader, Vic Fedeli, denounced the party's state of affairs in a speech this week, vowing to “root out any rot that has been manifesting itself ... I have ordered a complete investigation into the names and addresses of those 200,000 (party members).”
Put another way, the Progressive Conservatives are draining the swamp — in their own party. Never mind Brown's downfall — the story of the teetotaler bachelor backbencher from Stephen Harper's Ottawa accused of cruising the bars of Barrie preying on drunk teenagers and staff may be the least of their problems.
For now, the Tory party is still Brown's party. Two weeks from now, someone else may have taken ownership of the membership, but that is impossible to predict.
The only certainty is that all the rigorous policy analysis and earnest character assessments you read in the media may not matter a whit. Increasingly, our leadership races are decided not by smarts but signatures.
That's the party democracy that gave us Brown against the better instincts of most Progressive Conservative MPPs who didn't support him in 2015. It's also why not a single member of caucus is contesting the leadership this time, not even the most ambitious and appealing among them.
One of the absurd ironies of the present situation is that the party executive has set a rather high bar for entry: $75,000 to be a candidate plus $25,000 for those problematic membership lists that are a prerequisite to wooing votes — six figures in total.
The intent is to prevent any cranks from crashing the race with so little time left before the March 10 decision. But $100,000 is no barrier to Ford, and he's in.
The fantasy of party unity is forgotten. And the fiction of policy unity has been foregone with Ford, who has already promised to axe the (carbon) tax.
Even Elliott, the putative progressive, has announced her personal opposition to a carbon tax, promising to consult members on what is already settled party policy.
The Progressive Conservative executive — what's left of it after party president Rick Dykstra stepped down last Sunday in the wake of allegations against Brown — rejected a caucus appeal to stick with interim leader Fedeli going into the June election. Now the party has made it financially unfathomable for any caucus member of more modest means to run in the leadership campaign.
In a short and bittersweet campaign, the executive has set the stage for a divisive battle over policy, personality, and pecuniary matters. Welcome to party democracy.
May the best candidate win. But my money, so to speak, is on the one with the biggest pocketbook and the most signatures gaming the system.
Martin Regg Cohn's political column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. mcohn@thestar.ca, Twitter: @reggcohn
ALBANY (AP/Hamodia) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 7:43 pm |
Liberal activist Cynthia Nixon announced Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September, setting up a race that the state's progressives have been pining for against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
“We want our government to work again. On health care, ending massive incarceration, fixing our broken subway,” Nixon said in a campaign video announcing her candidacy. “We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us.”
“Eight years ago,” she wrote on her website, “I voted for Andrew Cuomo because I believed he was a real Democrat. But since taking office, Governor Cuomo has shown us his true colors.”
Nixon has her work cut out for her. A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading her by 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats, and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals. Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats, but didn't have more than a quarter of either group.
However, the conviction of his former top aide, Joseph Percoco, has apparently weighed down Cuomo's favorability rating. Just 52 percent of voters say they had a favorable view of the governor, compared to 62 percent in January.
A possible comfort to Nixon is the 60 percent of Democrats who are undecided about her, and the enthusiasm of progressives for her candidacy.
“Nixon knows the hill is a very steep one, especially given Cuomo's massive money advantage, but Cuomo actually also has a herculean task before him,” said Jonathan Tasini, a progressive activist who challenged Hillary Clinton's re-election as senator from New York in 2006.
“If [Cuomo] is seriously considering running for president in 2020, he can't have Nixon run up a north-of-40 percent number, which is entirely doable because the energized progressive wing has no big love for the incumbent,” Tasini said.
Nixon has in recent months given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run “bluer” in 2018 and carve out a strong, progressive liberal identity rather than being merely “the anti-Trump party.”
It's a left-flank strategy that has had success against Cuomo in the past — nearly unknown liberal activist and law professor Zephyr Teachout garnered a surprising 34 percent of the vote in the 2014 Democratic primary.
Teachout, a law professor at Fordham University, is now Nixon's campaign treasurer.
“It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense,” said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio.
Nixon's candidacy has sparked concern among pro-Israel activists for her stances, which includes support for boycotting Israel.
“Cynthia Nixon may run for Gov of NY,” Alan Dershowitz, a Harvard law professor emeritus, tweeted on Friday. “She has collaborated with Israel haters Jewish Voice for Peace and Vanessa Redgrave in boycotting Israel. Do not support her bigotry.”
He followed up on Monday by noting a vehement reaction to his original tweet among his liberal base. “The tweets in response to my Cynthia Nixon tweet prove my point. If you're anti-Israel, Nixon's your candidate,” Dershowitz posted.
Nixon, a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three, is a longtime advocate for more funding for public schools and is a fervent supporter of Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has frequently clashed with Cuomo.
More recently, she has been delving into issues of keen interest to New York City, the main blue stronghold in a state where suburban and rural towns upstate tend to run red.
One of those issues is transportation policy, which contributed to a plunge in Cuomo's popularity last July amid his dismal forecast for New York City commuters facing ongoing transit breakdowns and delays.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
DEATHS
MACEACHEN – At his home surrounded by his family on Sunday, February 12, 2017, aged 68 years, John MacEachen, beloved husband to Marianne, a much loved father, Seanair, brother and uncle. Very sadly missed. Following a private family cremation a celebration of John's life will be held at the Argyllshire Gathering Halls on Sunday, February 19 at 2.30 pm. Retiring collection/donations if desired for Marie Curie Cancer Care & Beatson West of Scotland Cancer Centre. Please don't feel you need to wear black as this is a celebration.
MELMOTH – Peacefully at the Lorn and Islands Hospital, Oban on February 7, 2017, in her 92nd year, Beryl Melmoth, beloved sister of Rita. Sadly missed.
WHITE – At the Lorn and Islands Hospital, Oban on Thursday February 9, 2017, in her 84th year, Pamela Joy White, formerly of ArdDochas, Lochdon, Isle of Mull, beloved wife of the late Len and friend to many.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
CAMPBELL – The family of the late Mairi EKB (née Paterson) would like to sincerely thank all medical staff on Tiree who gave tremendous care and support during her short illness. Also Rev Iain Barclay for his compassionate service, Lachlan MacKinnon for a moving gaelic prayer, Jessie Gray for an appropriate and apt eulogy, Andy and staff at Tiree Co-op for a very professional service. Also to all who called, phoned, sent flowers and messages of sympathy, travelled long distances to be on Tiree with us as we laid her to rest. The generous retiral collection of £600 was distributed between The Surgery Fund, The Church and An Talla.
McIVER – Stewart and family would like to thank family, friends and neighbours for cards, messages and flowers received on the death of mum, Jean. Also Catriona and staff at Hamish Hoey & Sons, Moreen for flowers, staff Ward I Lorn and Islands Hospital and all the Mears carers for their help over the past year.
MEMORIAMS
CAMPBELL – Remembering our devoted dad John, who passed away February 20, 1986.
Memories most precious.
– Love Avril and John.
CURRIE – Cherished memories of Lily who died February 15, 1989 and Archie who died June 1, 1998.
Remembered always with love.
Margaret, Donald and family.
Always in my thoughts.
– Mike.
FERGUSON – Loving memories of a much loved wife, mum, granny, sister and aunty. Georgina (Ina) who died on February 18, 2012. We have you in our hearts. Love always.
– DJ and family x
LAMONT – In loving memory of my dear sister Joanne who passed away on
February 17, 2009. Quietly remembered every day.
– Ann.
LOCKHART – In loving memory of my mum Violet Lockhart, who sadly passed away on February 18, 2013, also my father Louis Lockhart, who died September 27, 1984, also brothers Neil and Cecil Lockhart and nephew/son Martin Lockhart. Loved dearly and remembered always.
– Family in Dundee.
MACARTHUR – In loving memory of my dear husband John, died February 21, 2010 and son John, died March 25, 2010.
– From all the family at Middleton, Tiree.
MACFARLANE – In loving memory of a dear sister and aunt, Cathy, who was killed so tragically on the road on February 19, 1991. Forever in our thoughts and always in our hearts.
– Inserted by Corinne Barrie (née MacGillivray) and Alan Barrie.
MACGREGOR – In loving memory of Rhoda, dearest mum, gran and great-gran, who passed away February 15, 2013.
Loved and missed every day.
– Linda, Denis, Jordan and Eilidh xx
MACGREGOR – In loving memory of Rhoda, who died February 15, 2013. A loving mum, mother-in-law and gran.
Forever in our thoughts.
– John, Catherine Anne, Erin and Laura xx
MACGREGOR – Rhoda. Remembered always Mum.
– Ken and Flo
MACNICOL – Campbell. In loving memory of our dear brother, who died February 14, 1972.
Always in our thoughts.
– From Hamish, Turalt.
POULTON – In loving memory of our baby son and brother, Danny, who died on February 15, 1992.
Forever in our hearts.
– Mum and Hannah.
ROBERTSON – In memory of my husband Tom, who passed away February 18, 2011.
Always remembered.
– Jean.
SUTHERLAND – Precious memories of our dearly loved
son Innes, taken from us on February 14, 1999, aged 21 years.
There is a place in our hearts that is yours alone
A part of our lives no one can own
Deep in our memories you are with us yet
To love, cherish and never forget
Loved and remembered everyday.
– Mum and Dad xx.
Innes, a much loved brother, brother-in-law and uncle.
We miss your smile, your joking ways
We miss the things you used to say
When old times we do recall
It's then we miss you most of all.
Forever in our thoughts and hearts.
– Your big sisters, Keri, Iona and Catherine xxx.
SUTHERLAND – Happy memories of our dear nephew and cousin Innie, died February 14, 1999, aged 21.
Quietly today your memory we treasure
Missing you always
Forgetting you never.
– Love Robert, Julie, Siobhan and Robbie.x
MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australian cyclist Stephen Wooldridge, a former Olympic and world champion, has died at the age of 39.
Wooldridge won a team pursuit gold at the 2004 Athens Olympics and four world titles in the same discipline from 2002-06.
Wooldridge's death came as a shock to Australia's cycling community and triggered a flood of tributes on social media.
"Our thoughts are with Stephen's family and friends during this very difficult time," Cycling Australia CEO Nick Green said in a statement.
"Steve will be remembered by so many for not only his success in competition, but also for the contributions he made across so many roles in the sport."
After his track career wound down, Sydney-born Wooldridge held a number of administrative roles in cycling and education.
He was survived by a son and a daughter, state broadcaster ABC said.
Wooldridge was remembered as an infectious, generous man but friends and colleagues spoke of a private mental health battle.
"Tragically today he gave his life away leaving behind a son and daughter, family and friends just short of his 40th birthday," Phil Bates, the general manager of St George Cycling Club in Sydney and a former mentor to the rider, wrote on cycling media portal Ride Media (ridemedia.com.au).
"Terribly sad to hear we've lost you Stephen Wooldridge. RIP," Australian cycling great Anna Meares tweeted.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury/John O'Brien)
Col ® Muhammad Hanif
China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) is a strategic project, which was signed between China and Pakistan in 2015. This mega project comprises the construction of a network of roads, railways, airports, industrial zones and communication system by laying fibre optic (Kashghar to Islamabad) from Kashghar city of western China to Gwadar seaport of Balochistan, Pakistan, including construction and expansion of deep sea ports of Gwadar itself. The CPEC project is being built with an initial Chinese investment of $ 46 billion, which has been further enhanced to $ 65 billion.
Because of its potential to help increase trade volume, attract investment, boost industrial development, increase agricultural production and enhance employment opportunities for the people of the region, the CPEC would definitely act as a game changer for transforming the economic conditions of the people of Pakistan, China, other SCO member states and South Asian countries. This would be done by facilitating their mutual cooperation in improving their security environment by resolving their mutual disputes, enhancing their cooperation in economic development, addressing poverty and ultimately bringing prosperity to their people.
Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) member states and South Asian countries belong to the neighbouring regions, which are now being linked with the construction of the CPEC. Central Asian States (CARs) remained landlocked for a very long time due to being a part of the former Soviet Union and because of the cold war and hence full trading opportunities were not available to them. Because of the cold war, even China and Russia were not able to use Karachi seaport for carrying out trade with the remaining world. Especially the Soviet Union was unable to reach warmer waters using the Karachi seaport. Even, since their independence in 1991, CARs are unable to trade with South Asia and other parts of the world using Karachi port because of lack of peace and stability in Afghanistan for the last about 18 years.
Now, with the construction of the CPEC, there is a hope that the CARs and other South Asian countries will like to avail the opportunity of mutual economic cooperation and development through exploiting trade avenues and attracting foreign investment. Because of the economic incentives for these regions linked with the CPEC, the chances are very bright that the regional countries would like to prefer geoeconomics over geopolitics to draw economic benefits through mutual cooperation in trade and investment-oriented relations. To achieve these objectives the SCO member states and South Asian countries would like to show flexibility in improving mutual trust and resolving their mutual disputes to make the regional political and security environment favourable to facilitate their economic cooperation.
Now that Pakistan and India have become permanent members of the SCO, China, Russia and CARs would like that as SCO member countries India and Pakistan should improve their mutual relations. Also China and Russia, which enjoy good mutual relations, would like to help Pakistan and India to improve their mutual relations by resolving their outstanding disputes through negotiations. Moreover, SCO's summits and official meetings, also to be attended by Pakistan and India, would also enable Pakistan and Indian policy-makers and officials to interact more with each other that will enhance their mutual trust. Thus China, Russia and CARs, all interested to join the CPEC would be wishing and willing to contribute towards improving Pakistan-India relations that will facilitate the development of relations between the aforementioned countries and South Asian states, thus improving the overall regional environment to use the CPEC to its full potential for conducting trade, investing in other countries, also facilitating people-to-people contacts and encouraging regional tourism.
The above discussion indicates that the construction of the CPEC carries a lot of potential to improve trade relations between the SCO member states and South Asian countries. And this major incentive will have a positive impact on changing the attitude of South Asian countries on developing good mutual relations by resolving their mutual disputes on a priority basis, for the sake of reaping CPEC-related benefits. Hence it can be concluded with a strong logic that the CPEC would definitely help in boosting relations of SCO member states with the South Asian countries, as CPEC-related economic incentives of these two regions would far outweigh the so- called political gains by perpetuating mutual disputes.
While CPEC motivated improved relations will help the countries of both regions to reap trade benefits to improve their economies and attain prosperity to the economic wellbeing of their people, this will also motivate the Afghanistan people and other regional and major powers to build peace in Afghanistan on a priority basis, this will also encourage Pakistan and India to cultivate good mutual relations by resolving their mutual disputes through a sustainable dialogue.
Share on: WhatsApp
The M4 Cabriolet I chose was painted in a rich burgundy with saddle coloured leather seating and trim, which made for a nice contrast.
The interior of the 2018 M4 Cabriolet is a sumptuous mix of leathers, metal and carbon-fibre. - Jim Robinson photo
Another nice touch was the carbon-fibre trim used on the interior door handles, centre console parking brake lever and steering wheel. Carbon-fibre is also used on the rear quad exhausts and diffuser and for the outside mirrors.
Placement of the controls will be familiar to anyone who has ever driven a BMW, with the main analogue gauge cluster featuring two big dials for the speedo and tach and two smaller ones for fuel level and engine temperature.
And when you think about it, that's all you really need.
There is a back seat of sorts, but it's more like a parcel shelf, which you'd need, as there are only 220 litres of cargo space with the complex top down and 370 litres when it's up.
Cargo volume on the M4 Cabriolet is meager at 370 litres top up and 220 litres top stowed. - Jim Robinson photo
BMW's super smooth 3.0-litre inline six-cylinder twin turbo gets the M treatment, boosting it to 425 hp and 406 lb/ft of torque sending power to the rear wheels (no AWD) through a six-speed manual or seven-speed dual clutch automatic transmission.
That's enough to propel it from 0-100 km/h in 4.4 seconds, with a top speed limited to 250 km/h.
The M4 Cabriolet is powered by a 3.0-litre twin turbo direct injection inline six-cylinder (425 hp, 406 lb/ft) with rear-drive and either a six-speed manual or seven-speed dual clutch automatic transmission. - Jim Robinson
The front sports seats were heavily bolstered with double stitching and the driver sits with the gauge cluster directly in front of his/her line of sight.
My tester had the six-speed manual, with fifth being direct and sixth the overdrive gear, with the throws being short with spring loading ensuring missing a gear is hard to do.
The clutch was lighter than I like, but the pedal travel was progressive, so it's a simple single leg motion to engage the clutch.
My route, as it was the entire day, was the Box Canyon Road from Thermal to Desert Centre, which took about an hour to complete the loop.
The road itself was typical California, being smooth and well maintained with little or no traffic.
With the M4 Cabriolet you can dawdle around town or let that TwinPower engine loose — and the rate at which it accelerates will amaze you.
Even without all-wheel-drive, the grip of the Michelin Pilot Cup tires fitted to the M4 was so good; I never had to lift my foot, even though some of the bends were tricky.
Folks, it was great!
I drove a lot of cars that day, but the M4 Cabriolet was the most satisfying.
Summer's coming and, with a play on BMW's slogan, it might be time for you to test drive the Ultimate Cabriolet Driving Machine.
Luton boss Nathan Jones was left purring by his side's first half display as they saw off fellow promotion chasers Exeter City at Kenilworth Road this afternoon.
Harry Cornick's goal on 38 minutes ensured Town were triumphant as they produced a performance of almost total dominance at times.
Speaking afterwards, Jones said: “I'm delighted as firstly we bounced back from the disappointment of Tuesday (losing to Wycombe), when we were wonderful going forward, but we didn't defend as we normally do.
"Today we were back at it defensively, I'll have to watch it back to get pure clarity on it, but I thought that first half performance was as good as we've done here, in terms of fluency, in terms of how we moved the ball.
"Because we're up against a good side in Exeter, they're vying for promotion, they want the same things as us, but I thought we were in total control.
"They had the odd counter attack when we gave it away as that's how we play now and again but I thought our build-up was wonderful, and I thought we deserved to go in a little bit more than 1-0 up.”
Jones made three changes to the side for the clash, handing debuts to Jake Jervis and Flynn Downes, while with Cornick back too, he swapped to the 4-3-3 with Jervis and Cornick either side of James Collins.
On why he made the alteration, the Luton chief added: “I just wanted a little bit more penetration.
“The other day I thought we were very good attacking-wise, but we were done with two counter attacks and a set play, so I didn't want that to happen and we worked on those things.
“We can change, we have two shapes we work on and with the personnel we had available and with bringing new ones in, we felt that we did.
“Plus we played against Exeter down there and won 4-1, playing with three up top and we felt that was the way to go and that proved.
“As I really feel like first half, and I'll have to watch it again, so if I'm wrong, I apologise, I thought that was as good a performance from a League Two side as you're likely to see.”
For the past 20 years, Intel has held its annual Intel Developer Forum in and around the San Francisco Bay Area. It is supposed to be a technical conference for system programmers, application writers and hardware engineers.
Well, not no more it ain't: Chipzilla has scrapped the event for good. IDF 2017, due to take place in August, isn't happening. Instead, nerds are invited to check out the documentation on intel.com while the x86 CPU giant focuses on trying to be something other than an x86 CPU giant.
Intel held the first get-together in 1997 with a smallish Intel Developer Forum in San Jose, Silicon Valley, close to its headquarters in Santa Clara. As the event expanded it was moved up to the Moscone Center in downtown San Francisco. It also began holding mirror events in China and Taiwan a decade ago, however those were cancelled recently and now the US show is gone too.
"Intel has evolved its event portfolio and decided to retire the IDF program moving forward. Thank you for nearly 20 great years with the Intel Developer Forum!" the chip factory said on its website today.
"Intel has a number of resources available on intel.com, including a Resource and Design Center with documentation, software, and tools for designers, engineers, and developers. As always, our customers, partners, and developers should reach out to their Intel representative with questions."
Intel can have all the webpages it likes, however IDF was an opportunity to grill Chipzilla's engineers during deep-dive sessions and Q&As – and network with likeminded techies during the event and in the bars and restaurants outside. You could ask for clarifications on instruction sets, performance stats, memory access timings; all the nerdy stuff Intel now finds too tedious, embarrassing or irritating to discuss in public – and would rather you poke it with a stick privately.
As well as all that, don't forget: chip rival AMD used IDF to do a bit of guerrilla marketing of its own. One year AMD set up free coffee stalls for delegates at all four corners of the Moscone Center hosting IDF and handed out free t-shirts – a move that enraged Intel staff. AMD was also notorious for setting up briefings for members of the press Intel had flown in from around the world for the show.
In recent years, IDF has suffered from Intel's slowing product cycle and a dearth of meaty news. The processor manufacturer is obsessed with restyling itself as anything other than a processor manufacturer in a weird bid to be hip and cool, as if it was ashamed to be a cutting-edge chip assembly line: previous shows have highlighted IoT gizmos, drones, wireless bracelets, and so on, with only quick mentions of its Core family.
Too many tech goliaths are doing this today, trying to ditch apparently boring words like "software" and "hardware" and reinvent themselves as digital lifestyle transformation platforms.
It's a pity. This hack has been to nearly a dozen IDFs, under three different CEOs, and the shows did still have value, as well as the odd funny moment when product demos failed on stage. And sadly there'll be no more IDF betting pools on how long the keynote speaker would talk before mentioning Moore's so-called law. ®
PS: Yeah, we called it Frisco. Fight us.
Buy Photo Gov. Rick Snyder and Michigan State University President Lou Anna Simon tour the Innovations Hub on Friday. The site will specialize in creating advanced fiber-enhanced polymer composites to produce lightweight materials stronger than steel for the auto industry. (Photo: Max Ortiz / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Detroit-area high school students got a glimpse of the skilled jobs available in 21st-century manufacturing at a Manufacturing Day program Friday.
The event took place at Innovations Hub, a 100,000-square-feet research-and-development facility on the site at the Institute for Advance Composites Manufacturing Innovation (IACMI) and Lightweight Innovations for Tomorrow (LIFT). The facility is at 1400 Rosa Parks Blvd. in Detroit.
Politicians and business people attended a ribbon-cutting ceremony there.
The facility, which will specialize in creating advanced fiber-enhanced polymer composites to produce lightweight materials stronger than steel for the auto industry, is supported in part by the U.S. Department of Energy's Advanced Manufacturing Office. The Michigan Economic Development Corporation has pledged $15 million to support IACMI activities in the state for the next five years.
LIFT, supported by a $10-million grant from the MEDC, is a nonprofit founded by the University of Michigan, Ohio State University and Ohio-based engineering and technology organization EWI.
“In the ongoing challenge for Michigan-based automakers and manufacturers to find ways to build high-tech, safer and cost-and-fuel efficient vehicles, a new research center provides a major boost to address engineering and manufacturing issues while improving competitiveness,” said Jeff Mason, CEO of the MEDC.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2y1UQdy
Amjyot, Satnam coach campers at BWB Asia 2018
Greater Noida, May 30 (PTI) India's Amyjot Singh and Satnam Singh today shared their knowledge with 66 campers at the 10th edition of Basketball without Borders Asia Camp at the NBA Academy here.
The camp is being attended by top high-school age boys and girls from 16 countries and territories across Asia. They took the court and had the opportunity to learn from Corey Brewer (Oklahoma City Thunder; US), Caris LeVert (Brooklyn Nets; US), Kelly Olynyk (Miami Heat; Canada; BWB Americas 2009), Dwight Powell (Dallas Mavericks; Canada), two-time WNBA Champion Ruth Riley, besides former WNBA player Ebony Hoffman.
Indian players Satnam and Oklahoma City Blue's Amjyot were also on hand to coach the top high school age campers from throughout the Asia-Pacific region.
Amjyot, who plays for NBA G League's Oklahoma City Blue, said: This is a great setup for all the campers here. I'm glad that I could come here and share things that I have learnt so far. The level of coaches and players here is very good and the campers should go back as better players and human beings too.
Satnam, who became the first Indian to be drafted in the NBA also shared his experience with the campers.
This BWB Camp is an opportunity of a lifetime. Life if all about making the most of the opportunities one gets. Like I got an opportunity to be in NBA and made whatever best I could out of it, this camp should serve as a great platform for campers to move up in their basketball careers," he said
Accra, April 24, GNA – The Ghana Statistical Service (GSS) is to begin a 10-week nationwide census of agriculture to aid efficient policy implementation to boost the performance of the country's agriculture.
The information collected from the exercise would help policymakers to better identify, prepare, implement and evaluate agriculture development projects and programmes to achieve the intended outcomes.
It would additionally provide up-to-date data on the structure of agriculture, something that would be vital to re-basing of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
There are also the other high points of – reliable statistics for programming and monitoring food security and livelihood programmes and the tackling of environmental issues at the community level.
A press statement issued by the GSS in Accra said the census would be conducted jointly with the Food and Agriculture Ministry.
It would begin on April 30 and end in the middle of July.
The statement said field personnel would visit all households to identify for enumeration people engaged in the production of all types of food crops, livestock, tree planting activities aquaculture and those doing fishing in both inland and offshore waters.
It called for everybody to cooperate with the enumerators and provide the required information, pointing out that, the success of the census was going to be essential for the nation's development.
GNA
KARACHI, Aug 14 (APP): The Pakistan Navy (PN) on Monday celebrated
the 70th Independence Anniversary of Pakistan with traditional zeal.
An impressive Change of Guard ceremony was held at the mausoleum
of Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah as the entire nation celebrated
Independence Day, a PN statement said.
Smartly turned out contingent of Pakistan Naval Academy cadets,
clad in ceremonial dresses, assumed ceremonial guard duties at
Mazar-e-Quaid with traditional spirit, customary enthusiasm and
military manners to mark the Independence Day celebrations.
Commandant Pakistan Naval Academy, Commodore Adnan Ahmad was
the chief guest on the occasion and reviewed the guard.
The chief guest and smartly turned out cadets of Pakistan
Navy presented Qaumi Salam to the Father of the Nation, Quaid-e-Azam
Mohammad Ali Jinnah.
The ceremonial guard mounting was followed by laying of floral
wreath at the Mazar-e-Quaid by the chief guest on behalf of Chief
of the Naval Staff, officers and men of Pakistan Navy.
Later, the chief guest offered Fateha and recorded his remarks
in the visitors book and paid rich tribute to the beloved Quaid.
Earlier, the day dawned with Gun Salutes and special prayers
were offered in all Naval mosques for solidarity and progress of
the country and particularly for the success of Kashmiris struggle.
Pakistan Navy Ships and Establishments were illuminated in
Navy's traditional manner.
Flag hoisting ceremonies were held at Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore
and Coastal Area at designated Units of Pakistan Navy.
Various other activities including singing of national anthem at
naval units/establishments in the morning, PN Band Display at Frere
Hall Karachi, Flag Hoisting Ceremony at Pakistan Maritime Museum as
well as various sports fixtures were also a part of day long
celebrations.
Independence Day celebrations at Pakistan Navy educational
institutions were also held where schoolchildren presented tableaus
on national songs and declamation contests were held highlighting
the importance of Independence Day.
Numerous Independence Day ceremonies were also held by PN units
at Ormara, Pasni, Gwadar, Jiwani, and Turbat and other coastal
areas, including fishing boats special rallies. These ceremonies
and activities were attended by a large number of local notables,
civil and military dignitaries.
More frequent rail services were introduced between Leeds, Harrogate and Knaresborough this weekend.
Northern has increased the frequency of its Sunday services on that route from hourly to every 30 minutes as part of a new timetable.
The changes are part of a wide-ranging modernisation programme that will also see us add more than 2,000 extra services each week by 2020.
There are also plans for further modernisation across the Northern network, including new and fully refurbished trains, better stations and more ways to buy tickets.
Northern's oldest trains (Pacers) will also be removed from the network – with the entire programme delivered by 2020.
Paul Barnfield, Regional Director at Northern, said: “In the coming months and years our customers will see further improvements as we work to modernise our stations and facilities.
“We will also continue to improve our current fleet of trains and, from next year, will begin the introduction of 286 new, purpose built carriages. These trains will provide more space and enable us to add more than 2,000 services every week, building on the 2,500 we already operate each day.
“This is just the beginning of modernisation for our customers and there are many more exciting improvements to come on our journey to 2020.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Three former University of Scranton men's basketball standouts were named to the Landmark Conference All-Decade Team as part of the league's year-long 10th anniversary celebration.
Zach Ashworth, Brendan Boken and Ross Danzig are among the 10 players selected to the squad.
Ashworth earned all-conference honors in each of his four seasons at Scranton — second team in 2008, first team in 2009, 2010 and 2011. He also is the only two-time Player of the Year in conference history (2010, 2011). He ranks sixth in Royals history with 1,786 career points and second with 224 career 3-pointers.
Boken won Landmark Player of the Year honors last season and was a three-time, first-team all-star (2014, 2015, 2016). He finished his career as the Royals' all-time leading scorer with 1,911 points and eighth with 837 career rebounds.
Danzig was Landmark Rookie of the Year in 2011, Player of the Year in 2014 and a three-time all-conference selection in 2013, 2014 and 2015. His 1,793 career points rank fourth in program history and his 184 career 3-pointer rank fifth.
Catholic placed four players on the All-Decade Team: Jason Banzhaf, Bryson Fonville, Jay Howard and Chris Kearney. Rounding of the team are Joel Patch and Spenser Spencer of Susquehanna and Reed Buck from the United States Merchant Marine Academy.
Men's basketball
Lakeland graduate Tony Harding scored 24 points and grabbed five rebounds to lead five players in double figures, as Misericordia University defeated DeSales University, 91-83, in a MAC Freedom Conference game Tuesday.
Tre Field scored 21 points, Mid Valley grad Jason Kenny and Griffin Sponaugle each scored 13 and Noah Rivera added 10 points for the Cougars, who shot 56 percent (33 for 59) from the field.
Wilkes 84, King's 68
At Wilkes-Barre, Wilkes University shot 52 percent from the field and rolled in MAC Freedom action at the Marts Center.
Marcus Robinson scored a game-high 25 points and Connor Evans and freshman Rob Pecorelli each added 11 for the Colonels.
Dan Rutecki scored 21 points and Holy Cross grad Connor Callejas added 14 for King's.
Women's basketball
Western Wayne grad Rachel Carmody scored 16 points and grabbed nine rebounds to lead Misericordia University past DeSales University, 59-52, in overtime on Tuesday.
Justine Seely matched a school record with 25 rebounds and added 12 points and six blocks and Japriya Carroll scored 17 points for the Cougars, who clinched the second seed in the conference tournament. They will host DeSales next week.
King's 78, Wilkes 61
At Wilkes-Barre, King's College hit a season-high 14 3-pointers to win the MAC Freedom at the Marts Center.
King's trailed by one midway through the third quarter, but pulled ahead with a 10-1 run.
Scranton Prep graduate Erin Schmidt had 22 points and nine rebounds for the Lady Monarchs (5-18) and Rebecca Prociak had 11 points. Haley Mesaros scored a career-high 24 points for Wilkes (5-19) and Missy Oertner had a career-high 15 points.
Mannick to Lackawanna
Lackawanna College announced Errol Mannick was hired as head coach of its women's soccer team.
Mannick served as girls head coach at Mountain View High School from 2008-13, where he won five league titles and four district championships. Previously, he saw stints as head soccer coach at Bishop Hannan, Bishop O'Hara and Blue Ridge and is currently head coach of the Susquehanna Community High School girls basketball team.
Lackawanna College is coming off of an 0-10 season.
Marywood adds rugby
Marywood University will add men's and women's rugby as varsity club programs beginning in the 2018-19 academic year.
The teams will be members of USA Rugby and the Small College Division of the Mid Atlantic Rugby Conference as rugby is not an NCAA sponsored sport. The addition of the two programs brings the total of varsity sports at Marywood to 22.
A man has been hospitalised following a serious two car crash between Whittlesey and Peterborough this afternoon.
North Bank near the Dog In A Doublet pub is closed with access from the Whittlesey end only.
A blue Jaguar F-Pace and a red BMW have been involved in the head-on collision at the junction of North Bank and Northey Road.
One man has been taken to hospital, but the extent of his injuries are not clear.
Where does one begin? Questions that are asked! Did you see things with Bruce's behavior change? Did he himself see things were different? Did outsiders notice and say something or say nothing? When did you first notice? For how long has this condition been active? Did those closest to Bruce go along with any changing signs? Or is it that as one journeys through life, one just accepts changes in health, behaviour, abilities, etc., as a reality?
The above questions keep surfacing as we journey through a diagnosis of Alzheimer's with our husband and father Bruce. The biggest question we as a family ask is ‘What could we have done differently?', ‘Are we doing all we can or should be doing as we care for Bruce?'
One family member expressed Alzheimer's disease to me as a thief. This disease robs the person of so many abilities, especially the power to think and know for one's self. It has been said that a person with Alzheimer's disease becomes like a child. Not so. A child grows out of helplessness while a person with Alzheimer's disease grows into helplessness. The loss of ability creeps in a little deeper as the journey goes along.
All of what I've written above may seem a helpless and hopeless gripe but it is not meant to be. I do not hold any bitterness to society or family for Bruce's suffering or his caregiving needs. My prayer is that God will give me the strength to be there as the wife I vowed to be 56 years ago on our wedding day. I know if the situation was reversed Bruce would be there for me.
Today is present and must be dealt with in the present. Sure one can plan for tomorrow but only the past and the present is a reality. Now I'll go to the past and write down what might be answers to the first group of questions. It is now twelve years since we lost our family home to a house fire. There were many hard and fast decisions to be made at that time. Bruce was part of all the planning to rebuild but on reflection he often stepped aside to other duties like farming and business. One family member came to me and said ‘Is Dad well? He doesn't seem to be interested in some of the plans?' I approached Bruce on the subject and he assured me that wasn't the case. He felt everything was being handled well. Was Bruce keeping himself on the outside as a way of handling his stress? A year later Bruce had cardiac related health issues, a cardiac surgeon discovered the need for a heart by-pass. Surgery resulted in a triple by-pass and a good recovery. All to prevent a heart attack which fortunately has never happened. Following surgery there was a notable change in Bruce's memory. The family was told it might be the result of blood loss to the brain during surgery. For a time this was accepted as the answer, with the hope it would right itself, this didn't happen. Bruce realized himself he was forgetting some simple everyday things, for example names of people he used to know. On one of his visits to his doctor he asked for some medication to help his memory. This he kept to himself for a period of time. He did keep saying privately about his memory so I suggested we seek help. He would answer ‘No just let it take what path it takes and let it be.' I know each one of us want to be our own controller, so I left it alone. When I was questioned my answer was ‘I need to honour Bruce's wishes as long as he is capable of making those decisions.' His family did this as we worked with him and watched out for him.
As time went on some very real signs of dementia were beginning to show. In conversation Bruce would go off topic. If the person talking with Bruce questioned this we'd often say ‘he is having some memory problems these days' and left it like that. Bruce was raised on a farm and farming grew to be a lifestyle for him although he always showed interests in other business interests. He loved his land and in many ways was a good steward to his farm. He always showed interest in business and was a successful agent/representative for an agricultural seed company. He held respect and interest for each of his customers and his head was packed with knowledge of their farm operations. To this day if one of those customers speaks to Bruce and shakes his hand, his face will light up with recognition but no name will come from him or conversation to follow.
Bruce was always looking for adventure and was willing to try to fulfill some of his dreams. One was to be a rural mail carrier like his paternal grandfather. When the opportunity presented itself, he secured a mail route, a position he held for twenty-six years, retiring from it at the age of seventy-five. Getting up Monday to Friday, week after week, doing farm chores and going to sort and deliver mail became the norm. This shows us that routine and consistency become engrained in our mind. Even after Bruce retired from Canada Post, he would waken me in the morning and say ‘Norma are you not getting up, let's go.' I'd ask where and he'd answer ‘to the mail'.
As a family caregiving for a person with Alzheimer's there are many difficult decisions to be made. We were aware that there was help available to guide us with his care but where should we start? Be accepting of the situation, don't feel sorry for yourself and remember you loved one is still the same person. The person with Alzheimer's does not have control of their situation any more than we do.
Where did we start? We attended an appointment at the local memory clinic through our family doctor's office where we learned some of the diagnosis and were given guideline that helped us understand the disease more. At the same time Bruce was assessed and the reality of a diagnosis of Alzheimer's/ dementia was given. There are many avenues of support out there and one must be willing to ask and accept help. The Alzheimer Society of Huron County offers support in many ways; resource material; monthly support group meetings for caregivers where in confidence and experience are shared; gatherings like an annual picnic; movies, such as Still Alice; the annual Walk for Alzheimer's; and more. One program we attend regularly is the caregiver support group in Wingham, being together with leaders and caregivers gives us the feeling of togetherness and belonging because living with Alzheimer's can become very lonely.
Bruce and his family have been fortunate to have great personal support workers come to care for him in our home as his personal care needs have increased. Another program help we have used is the adult day program through One Care. Bruce has taken part in this program regularly and although he cannot express verbally his pleasure, he goes willingly by the transportation provided and his face lights up when he meets any of the workers. He also partakes in the overnight respite at the adult day program. The two nights there very couple of weeks gives us; his caregivers, at home a much-needed rest.
Alzheimer's is a disease that narrows one's world, not only for the person living with dementia but also for his/her family. As the disease advances and abilities are reduced some family and friends turn away. Is this because they are uncomfortable or unable to accept the reality of the disease? We have never sheltered Bruce from activities he enjoyed and we take him on outings he would enjoy. Our church family has been most supportive and any time Bruce is unable to attend worship someone always enquires about him. People are compassionate and will say ‘It is a terrible disease and that it must be hard to cope.' I say ‘Yes it is but I firmly believe there is no good disease.' All health issues have challenges. Let us pray that research will one day cure and prevent all health problems.
As we travel this journey with Bruce, we have seen the most difficult time for him being his own acceptance of memory loss. Today he is past that point and if asked ‘how are you?' his answer is ‘just fine!' At this point we as family caregivers are really challenged with increasing personal care needs that Bruce requires assistance with every day. We lean on each other and the programs in the community that allow us to love Bruce where he is at in his journey with Alzheimer's. Love does really help and with the help of all the programs available to Bruce and us as a family we know this has helped Bruce to live at home, we hope in comfort and love.
Norma is a caregiver for her husband Bruce.
If you know someone or are impacted by Alzheimer's or any other type of dementia, please call the Alzheimer Society of Huron County to talk to someone at 519-482-1482 or visit www.alzheimer.ca/huroncounty
Six former Derbyshire county councillors are to be made honorary aldermen and alderwomen.
Annette Noskwith CBE, Joyce Sanders, Stuart Ellis, John Harrison, Andrew Lewer MP MBE and John Williams have been chosen in recognition of their significant service to the county council.
Annette Noskwith represented Sandiacre for 42 years from 1967 to 2009.
Joyce Sanders was elected for Belper and served from 1997 to 2009.
Stuart Ellis represented Holymoorside and Wingerworth from 2009 to 2017 and was a cabinet support member for education, leadship and culture.
John Harrison was the member for Melbourne from 2000 to 2013 and was also a cabinet member.
Andrew Lewer was leader of Derbyshire County Council from 2009 to 2013 and represented Ashbourne.
John Williams was leader of the council from 2001 to 2009 and was the member for Staveley.
The new honorary aldermen and alderwomen will be presented with a badge of office and their name recorded on a roll of office.
While theywon't have the right to participate in the meetings of Derbyshire County Council or its committees beyond that of any member of the public, or to claim any allowances payable under the members' allowance scheme. they will be invited to civic ceremonies, meetings and events.
Councillor Barry Lewis, leader of the council and cabinet member for strategic leadership, culture and tourism said: “It will be a great pleasure for me to see this honour bestowed on our new honorary aldermen and alderwomen. They have all served the county with dedication and have earned the respect of the public and of council members.
“I'm sure they'll take great pride in their new role and continue to represent our county with honour.”
The six former members will receive the honour on Wednesday, February 7, at a special meeting before the meeting of full council.
Honorary aldermen and alderwomen will receive invitations to civic events and ceremonies, receive council papers and be accorded death honours as for serving members.They will be addressed by the courtesy title, Honorary Alderman or Honorary Alderwoman
Follow Jeff Add to circle
2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon First Drive Enlarge Photo
You know you want one. How could you not, really? I mean, there's never been a production vehicle capable of making 840 horsepower with a price under $100,000. If you truly want one, you're going to have to navigate ridiculous dealer shenanigans, budget for a near continual flow of tires, and assume ownership of your local gas station. Even if you don't have the cash for one, you can dream, can't you? Now you can start building the Demon just the way you like because the Demon configurator is alive.
To use it, simply click on the link above and then click on the 2018 Challenger and you will be immediately taken to the Demon page. The base price, including a $1,700 gas-guzzler tax and $1,095 destination charge is $86,090. Then you can dress up the exterior with any of 16 colors, a Satin Black Graphics package for $3,495, or a painted black satin hood for $1,995.
The Dodge Demon configurator is now live Enlarge Photo
Inside you can add leather and Alcantara performance front seats for $1,595, the rear seat for $1, a trunk carpet for $1, red seat belts for $195, and a sunroof for a whopping $4,995 (why would anyone do that?). A Comfort Audio package adds heated and ventilated leather and Alcantara performance front seats, a heated steering wheel, bright pedals, a power tilt/telescoping steering column, and an 18-speaker Harman-Kardon audio system for $2,495.A car cover and battery tender cost $475.
Configure it right and you can stay on the better side of $90,000.
What do you get for all of that dough? A large, loud coupe that can rocket from 0 to 60 mph in a mind-boggling 2.3 seconds. The Demon launches so viciously that the front wheels will lift off the ground when you're doing it right.
This is the type of car that can go very fast in a straight line. Should you find yourself sitting at the tree and staring down 1,320 feet of tarmac, you should know that the trip can take as little as 9.65 seconds and you will be going 140 mph when you get to the finish line.
So ignore your work on this Monday morning and head over to the Demon configurator. There are colors to pick, options to assess, and dreams to be forged.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After nine million viewers watched a “beyond shell-shocked” Georgia Toffolo crowned Queen of the jungle , the reality star admitted: “I didn't think I had this strength.”
She had entered I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here in the midst of a crisis of self-belief after splitting from her boyfriend and hoped the show would restore her confidence.
Now, after overcoming some of the jungle's toughest challenges and calling out her campmates' sexism along the way, Made in Chelsea star Georgia , 23, said: “I even shocked myself.”
She admitted: “I couldn't believe I was there in the first place. I won't forget swinging on my hammock the first night I got there thinking, ‘How on earth have you pulled this blinder, Georgia?'.
“There were immensely talented people there and I don't really have any talent of note. Every day it got more surreal. I thought everyone would think I was this blonde airhead.”
(Image: Instagram)
The admission reveals some of the deep insecurities that have threatened to hold Georgia back in the past.
Nicknamed “Toff” due to her plum-in-mouth voice, the Mirror revealed how Georgia comes from more humble beginnings than her Made in Chelsea biography would have fans believe.
She was born to property manager mum Nicola, who greeted the star when she left the jungle having appeared in the E4 reality series alongside her, and scrap metaller Gary Bennett, rarely mentioned on her Instagram page.
Raised in Torquay, Devon, Georgia attended pricey Blundells school before The Maynard school in Exeter and Torquay Girls' Grammar School.
Politically minded – an “enthusiastic” Tory – she undertook a LLB law degree at the University of Westminster but failed to finish it, leaving to work at a family-run solicitors in Devon.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Having divided her time between London and Devon, Georgia caught the eye of Made In Chelsea producers when she relocated to the capital in 2012 and started partying with the cast.
But she almost rejected the chance to star in the series. “She thought the jungle was a bad idea at first too,” says a relative.
Ex-Young Apprentice­ star Harry Maxwell met her in the upmarket London club scene.
He said: “Georgia took the calculated­ risk to leave university and step out on her own, but she didn't know many people when she first moved to London.
“Appearing on Made in Chelsea and becoming more established in the local community helped her confidence.
"She was full of energy and ambition. It opened doors that made her feel comfortable in her own skin.”
She admits she “grew up” on camera, having joined the cast aged just 18. However, Georgia then faced a resurgence­ of her insecurities after some viewers' comments.
She admits: “I feel way more pressure now than I did when I started the show. People say my bum looks big in a certain thing or stuff like that.
"I'm only human so it does hurt. I try not to engage with those people who leave nasty comments.”
Georgia, who wears a dress size 6, hired Heartcore­ Fitness personal trainer Sam Bird to help stay slim.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
“I also go to this class in Fulham; it's ballet and points and stuff; really good for the shape of your body.”
She worries that her love of junk food was making her hips bigger - and reveals she largely eats from takeaway service Deliveroo as she can't cook.
“I've been working out loads,” she said days before entering the jungle. “It's just dawned I'm going to be in a bikini in front of a lot of people.”
While riddled with anxieties about her appearance, days before she flew to Australia, she split from boyfriend James Middleton.
“My confidence was knocked so much,” she confided. “I thought, I'm going to be away for so long with no phone or anything, and I want my confidence back. I want to be who I was before.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
James encouraged his Instagram followers to vote for his “superstar” ex, amid rumours they had reconciled before she entered camp.
But despite her ambition, Georgia had reservations about entering the jungle.
“I haven't done much,” she admits of her fledgling showbiz career.
“I joined Made in Chelsea when I'd just left school. I haven't been faced with anything similar.”
With concerns she would be deemed an “airhead”, she became determined to prove she was both intelligent­ and fearless in the face of a Bushtucker­ Trial.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The feminist star called out Amir Khan and Jamie Lomas when the pair wrote off her skills in a task, declaring: “I am quite small but it doesn't mean I am less mighty. It shouldn't ever be unequal in here.”
Her feistiness endeared her to millions, as did her impressive performances: “With me harping on about girls being as strong as boys, I had to prove it.”
As well as admitting to a penchant for middle-aged politicians, she describes Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg as her “top celebrity crush,” she also palled up with Stanley Johnson , 77.
In Camp, Georgia, was outspoken about her political opinions, though little of them were aired.
She says of her political beliefs: “I get labelled a ditzy, blonde reality TV person, which is fine. But it's great to know you can do both.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
"It's OK to have big, blonde hair and wear my bikini and talk about politics. Why not?”
Next up, Georgia is eyeing a TV presenting career, with ITV and Channel 4 both vying to sign her for deals worth £5million.
But she has vowed to “use this and my influence to do good”.
She muses that chats with Stanley opened her eyes to some of the charitable causes she could lend her new found fame too, including ­ conservation and campaigning against female genital mutilation.
“Hopefully I'll do something great,” she suggests. With well-deserved, new found confidence, no doubt she will.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) - Former Florida receiver Antonio Callaway failed a drug test at the NFL combine, a mistake that could damage his draft status.
A person with knowledge of the situation says NFL teams were made aware of the result Tuesday. The person spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because the league does not release that information publicly.
NFL Network first reported Callaway's failed test.
It was the latest misstep for a talented but troubled receiver who was once considered a lock to be a first-round draft pick. Now, some teams surely will take the 21-year-old Callaway off their draft board. Failing a drug test at the combine, a place prospects know they're going to be tested, is widely considered one of the more head-scratching results of the pre-draft process.
For Callaway, it's another huge red flag.
Callaway was suspended all of last season as part of an investigation into felony credit card fraud. He also was cited for marijuana possession in May 2017, stopped by police while riding in a car with a career criminal, and was part of a Title IX investigation in 2016 that centered on an alleged sexual battery. He testified during that case he was high on marijuana during the incident and was later found not responsible for the alleged misconduct.
At Florida's pro day last month, Callaway said every NFL team he spoke to at the scouting combine in Indianapolis and since wanted to know about the same thing: His past.
"They already know I'm a good athlete. Just know I'm not a bad person," said Callaway, who appeared out of shape and was working with his second agent in less than six months. "Somebody's just got to believe in me."
Callaway also said the recent birth of his first child, a daughter, changed him.
Callaway caught 89 passes for 1,399 yards and 11 touchdowns in two seasons at Florida. He hasn't played since the Outback Bowl on Jan. 2, 2017.
The Miami native was one of nine Florida players suspended during the 2017 season while being investigated for fraud.
According to police, Callaway used a stolen credit card to add $1,970 to his campus bookstore account and then used the money to purchase a high-end computer and fancy headphones. He eventually entered a pretrial intervention program that could result in the dismissal of the felony charges.
___
More college football coverage: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
More NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Investigators say a Philadelphia firefighter died because a hose supplying her with oxygen had burned through and they found problems with how her colleagues responded to her seven emergency distress signals.
The fire department and the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health released reports Monday about the December 2014 death of Lt. Joyce Craig.
Craig was killed while battling a wind-whipped house fire.
The city's report says indirect causes of her death include lack of situational awareness, inadequate communications, poor strategy and tactics and an uncoordinated rescue effort.
Advertisement
The federal study says a failure to quickly deploy an intervention team contributed to her death.
The fire department says it has made changes as a result. The fire commissioner plans to speak about the death on Tuesday.
New guidance has been published on managing diabetes in the elderly, including for the first time how to manage treatment for the particularly frail
New guidance has been published on managing diabetes in the elderly, including for the first time how to manage treatment for the particularly frail.
The guidance was produced from a collaboration between experts in diabetes medicine, primary care and geriatric medicine, led by Dr David Strain at the University of Exeter Medical School.
It will advise clinicians on helping elderly people with type 2 diabetes get the most out of treatment options, and for the first time contains guidance on how and when to stop diabetes treatments in particularly frail adults.
Dr Strain said: "Older adults have been systematically excluded from clinical trials and have very different ambitions from their diabetes management. This guidance puts the older person with diabetes firmly back at the centre of target setting, ensuring that appropriate goals are agreed to achieve the best quality of life possible, without continuing treatments that would not provide any benefit and potentially cause harm."
The research was carried out in collaboration with NHS England and was published in Diabetic Medicine, the journal of Diabetes UK last month.
The report authors hope it will ultimately be incorporated into national guidance for GPs, to advise GPs on the management of type 2 diabetes in elderly adults, aiming to reduce complications and improve quality of life.
The guidance will be adopted across Devon immediately. The authors hope local health and care commissioners will adopt and implement these principles in their own areas.
Pav Kalsi, Senior Clinical Advisor at Diabetes UK, said: "People with diabetes rightly deserve to have access to the right care and support at every stage of their life, and that means the care they receive needs to be adapted and tailored to suit each individual's changing needs. For example, those who are elderly, and potentially frail, often have different priorities, such as safety and quality of life.
"We're really pleased that these new guidelines will, for the first time, help healthcare professionals give this tailored support and will help them review and decide whether to stop diabetes treatment for particularly frail adults.
"In the future, we hope these guidelines will have a positive impact on the lives of older people with diabetes."
The paper, 'Type 2 diabetes mellitus in older people: a brief statement of key principles of modern day management including the assessment of frailty. A national collaborative stakeholder initiative', is available online.
###
To read more about diabetes research at Exeter, please visit our website, or follow #ExeterDiabetes on Twitter.
One Heart is a concert film featuring unseen personal footage and 15 most-loved and popular songs performed on stage by A R Rahman and his ten-member band. The film is punctuated by a series of in-depth interview with A R Rahman who shares with us his thoughts about performing on stage, how he came to choose the band that toured with him in 14 cities in America and the humility he feels when armies of his fans shower love on him. Through his performance, AR brings the arena alive, evoking old memories and exciting his fans across generations.
In One Heart, we will discover A R Rahman up-close, the very private man behind his iconic figure. One heart is produced by YM MOVIES and co-produced by GRAPE VENTURES.
World Premiere of “One Heart” was screened at Toronto on 5th Feb2017.
It's a great musical treat to Music lovers and all ARR fans. This movie is scheduled to be released in theatres by April.
By Samira Larbie, GNA
Accra, April 24, GNA - The family of the three siblings, whose death has been linked to Toptoxin, have appealed to the 37 Military Hospital to fast track the autopsy to enable them to speedily bury them in accordance with the Islamic law.
The 37 Military Hospital is yet to conclude investigations into the cause of death of the little children, who were exposed to the agro-chemical, which contains aluminium–phosphide, as its active ingredient.
However, a source close to the Hospital told the Ghana News Agency (GNA) that the authorities were doing all it could to ensure that the autopsy report was released by the end of the week.
According to Islamic law (“Shariah”), the body should be buried as soon as possible from the time of death.
This is because, among other reasons, it is believed the dead no longer belongs to this world so its passage to the next world must be expedited.
Early burial would also reduce the pain and suffering of the believed family, and also eliminate the possible health problems that may arise by keeping a corpse in the midst of the living and having prolonged contact with it.
The children; nine-month-old twin girls and their two-year-old brother, reportedly died, a number of hours after one of their parents had sprayed the agro-chemical in their room, on Friday, to check crawling insects.
The parents are said to have followed the labelling instructions, which instructed users to stay away from the fumigated area, for at least five hours use.
It is suspected that they, however, reacted to the deadly substance prescribed the for fumigation for the control of insects in stored grain, processed food and feeds.
The substance, also known as A1P, is used as a pesticide.
Their parents also became ill, but they were released a day after their admission at the Hospital.
Meanwhile, the Environmental Protection Agency and the Food and Drugs Authority, with the Ministry of Agriculture, are investigating issues related to the marketing and distribution of the drug.
GNA
YERUSHALAYIM -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 5:55 pm |
Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu takes part in a memorial ceremony for the sinking of the Altalena ship, in Tel Aviv, Wednesday. (Heidi Levine/Pool via Reuters)
Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu said on Wednesday that in Tuesday's military operations the “IDF has hit dozens of terrorist targets in the severest blow we have landed on them in years.”
Netanyahu put blame for the recent violence on “Hamas, Islamic Jihad and the other terrorist organizations.” However, his remarks fell short of implicating Iran directly, saying only that they were “inspired by Iran.”
In a warning against any further attacks he said: “I will not detail our plans because I do not want the enemy to know what to expect. But one thing is clear: When they test us, they pay immediately. And if they continue testing us, they will pay dearly.”
The remarks were made at a memorial ceremony in the Nachalat Yitzhak cemetery in Tel Aviv for the victims of the Altalena, a ship sunk during Israel's War of Independence amid infighting between the Irgun and the Haganah.
The prime minister also said that “next week I am going to Germany, France and Britain. I will meet with Chancellor Merkel, President Macron and Prime Minister May.
“I will present them with the latest strategic developments in our region, which are connected to the efforts to halt Iranian aggression in Syria and elsewhere.”
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Almost two centuries after his death, the first ever exhibition of a unique collection of South Asian art and antiquities amassed by Stornoway-born collector, Colin Mackenzie, is to become the centrepiece of a festival devoted to the links between the Western Isles of Scotland and India.
The exhibition, ‘Collector Extraordinaire', which opened on August 12 at Museum nan Eilean, Lews Castle, Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis, features thousands of unusual items from the world-famous Mackenzie Collection.
The objects include beautiful figures carved in stone, thousands of drawings and sketches depicting ancient monuments, people and customs, maps, coins, and ancient palm leaf manuscripts.
Colonel Mackenzie, who was born in Stornoway in 1754, left his job as a customs officer at the age of 29 to join the East India Company. He quickly rose through the ranks, eventually becoming the first Surveyor General of all India. In this role, he travelled across the vast sub-continent, charting sites such as the Taj Mahal and the world-famous Shore Temple at Mahabalipuram overlooking the Bay of Bengal.
Mackenzie never returned to his beloved Lewis and died in India in 1821. He is buried in a cemetery in Calcutta. Almost two centuries after death, for the first time ever, elements of his collection will be displayed together funder one roof on Lewis, just a stones's throw from where he and his amily lived on the South Beach side of Stornoway's harbour.
Mackenzie's collection, held by The British Museum, The British Library and the V&A in London, as well as libraries in India, is treasure trove of information relating to the people and places Mackenzie encountered two centuries ago during his travels around India, Sri Lanka and Java.
The story of Colin Mackenzie has now inspired Purvai, 2017, a festival devised by Stornaway-based arts centre, An Lanntair, which will celebrate the Hebrides' South Asian heritage links, bringing them to life for a 21st century audience.
The heart of the festival is a packed ten-day programme until August 19, which will take place at An Lanntair.
This coincides with the opening of Collector Extraordinaire at Museum nan Eilean. Additional Purvai events will continue until November.
Catherine Maclean, curator of the exhibition, said: ‘Purvai 2017 is the culmination of more than five years work, researching the Collection in London and India, travelling and engaging artists from the Hebrides with India and South Asia and vice versa.
‘I am delighted audiences will finally get to see and experience this remarkable collection during Scotland's Year of History, Heritage and Archaeology, especially here on the Island.
‘Colin Mackenzie never forgot the island and held onto his Hebridean and Gaelic identity throughout his life in India right up until the end.
‘The collection is a significant, important and rich body of historical material, but how we can interpret and use it as an inspiration for new creative works, understanding and relating to one another, is what's really important today.'
LAHORE, Jul 04 (APP):Pakistan Muslim League-N president Shehbaz Sharif on Wednesday appeared before
the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) in Saaf Pani Company and Punjab Power Development Company corruption scams.
The PML-N president was questioned related to the scandal for one and a half hours at NAB Lahore office.
The NAB had summoned Shehbaz Sharif on July 5, to clear his position regarding allegations of misuse
of authority during his tenure and corruption charges.
Owing to personal engagements, Shehbaz Sharif had requested the NAB to appear a day earlier, on July 4.
Anthony Mantha is congratulated by his teammates after scoring the first regular-season goal at Little Caesars Arena during the second period of Thursday's 4-2 win over the Wild. (Photo: David Guralnick, Detroit News)
Detroit — The first goal scored in Little Caesars Arena has its significance.
But when Anthony Mantha absorbed Martin Frk's errant shot on a 5-on-3 power play and chopped the flopping puck into the Wild net at 14:40 of the second period Thursday's regular-season opener, it gave the Red Wings a 1-0 lead, after Jimmy Howard kept them in the game.
It is the kind of big goal the Wings would like to see throughout a long career for the big 23-year-old in Detroit.
Asked what went well and what he could improve in his 71st game played for the Red Wings, Mantha immediately referenced team play.
“What went good for me? I mean, our line played great,” he said. “With Larkin, Frk and myself, we had a good night.”
And then the goal scorer immediately discussed the one that went the other way.
More: Wings' Athanasiou heads to Switzerland to assess options
More: Red Wings bask in glow of opening win, Kronwall ailing
“I think we had a little slump there, in the second period. We had a goal they scored on us," Mantha said. "We watched the video on that goal this morning, and it's just learning the process. Maybe two, three feet on the ice would make a huge difference.”
Mantha credited Jeff Blashill, his coach for most of the past four seasons, with pounding home the message: Be an everyday player.
“Well, I think he, like a lot of guys, he is still working towards it,” Blashill said. “I think we probably have as good an example of that, with (Henrik) Zetterberg, as anyone in the league. It's good model to follow.
“It's still a work in progress. These are years of habits that, over the last couple of years, we've been trying to break with Anthony, and he's trying to break. And he's doing a great job.
“He's been an impactful player on most nights. So, let's keep going.”
Blashill believes the young line can make a significant difference.
“I think that line can be a separator for us,” he said. “I think if they can play at real high level and play the way winning hockey takes, they can really, really boost our team.
“I think they can handle that responsibility.”
2017-18 RED WINGS SCHEDULE
Feeling out process
It will take some more playing in Little Caesars Arena to truly assess playing conditions.
But the ice is improving, and a bit of a work in progress as the new surface gets skated in and conditions in the building become familiar.
“You go through games, you learn the humidity level and things like that so we can create less snow,” Blashill said.
“The snow builds up a little bit fast. That's one big thing.”
The end boards do not toss pucks back at attacking forwards, so the rebound pass may not be as much a part of the Wings' arsenal, or the opponents', as it famously was in Joe Louis Arena.
“We were looking for a few of the old bounces off the end wall last night,” the coach said. “We didn't get them.”
Crowd factor
The second or third periods, played with the house about half full, started poorly for the Red Wings.
Blashill and a few players mention the coincidental absence of the solid wall of loud fans the building was designed to inflict on opponents.
Of course they understand it is up to them to play the game, and that fans in the new stadium have an entertaining concourse to explore, with a small Red Wings' museum yet to come.
“That's one of the challenges of a great building with so much to offer, especially with a new building where they're checking things out,” Blashill said.
“And we need them in the stands. I thought there were moments when it was real full and moments when it wasn't. We need them in the stands, as much as possible.
“It's a loud building. So it will be a huge home ice advantage when they're in the stands.”
Similar circumstances occurred at Joe Louis Arena, especially given the policy of not letting fans walk to seats while play is underway, which is still enforced at Little Caesars Arena.
But it certainly would not be the first venue, in hockey and otherwise, in which the ancillary activities keep the attention of fans, even when the game is on.
gregg.krupa@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/greggkrupa
EAST OR WEST, HOME IS BEST
After a year that a great number of people were so happy to leave behind, fireworks in Sydney assisted approximate around 1.5 million people drove in 2017 with a $7 million firework spectacular. Midnight presentation consisted of approximated more than six tonnes of fireworks, inclusive around 12,000 shells, 25,000 shooting comets and around 100,000 personal fireworks effects. Greeting to music legends Prince and David Bowie were a high point of the night's amusement, with lilac rain showering the harbour and lighting up the bridge and a constellation of space-inspired fireworks. NSW Police were glad with crowd attitude taking into account the crowds in the city's main point amount to capacity around 9pm. Around 1.30am, just around 15 detentions had been made and were for the most part in association to immoderate spirit using up. A big number of police existence was felt, especially close St Paul's Cathedral and Flinders Street. Close to 90,00 crowds serried into Brisbane's South Bank region to watch fireworks and the show was reflected at Eagle Street and also at Hamilton further up the Brisbane River.
Last spring, Starbucks fans rejoiced when the wildly-popular Unicorn Frappuccino was released. The sweet, color-changing pink and blue drink dominated social media feeds and was a boon for Starbucks' sales. Now, nearly a year later, a highly anticipated (but thus far not officially confirmed) Starbucks Crystal Ball Frappuccino could be coming out — and people are getting super pumped. Bustle has reached out to Starbucks for confirmation, but has not yet received a response.
As Teen Vogue reported, a variety of local Starbucks stores have shared early photos of the frappuccino on Instagram, with baristas reportedly practicing making the drink to prepare for its expected release on March 22. According to Cosmopolitan, when the magazine reached out to Starbucks about the Crystal Ball Frappuccino, the company said it did not have any new drinks to reveal at this moment. However, based on social media photos, many are expecting that the Crystal Ball Frappuccino will be the coffee chain's next big feature drink.
Kate Taylor of Business Insider described the color of the reported new drink as an "alluring marbled turquoise." The blue-hued frap will reportedly be topped with whipped cream and rock candies to give it a somewhat mythical touch. The outlet also reported that the drink will be peach-flavored.
However, while there is much hype about the potential new drink, its availability will likely be relatively limited. According to Business Insider, to frap will only be available for four days — or for as long as supplies last.
It remains to be seen whether the Crystal Ball Frappuccino will replicate the success of its mythical frappuccino predecessor — the Unicorn Frappuccino. As CNBC reported, the wildly-popular pink and blue frappuccino rapidly sold out in lots of Starbucks locations throughout the United States last year. In fact, in an article from April 2017, Business Insider reported that, during the drink's limited release, the typical Starbucks store had more than 20 people per day seeking to buy the unique frappuccino. At the time, analyst Dennis Geiger wrote to Starbucks investors that, "Many of our channel checks indicated that drinks were sold out in stores before the promotion ended (with customers visiting multiple locations to find the drink)."
The drink was also insanely popular on Instagram, with the same Business Insider article revealing that the Unicorn Frappuccino resulted in around 180,000 Instagram posts in one week. As Starbucks' former CEO, Howard Schultz, described to CNBC, the drink helped raise brand awareness and loyalty.
More to come ...
Kyle Mueller (Photo: Andrew Redington, Getty Images)
Kyle Mueller has some work to do, but he loves where his golf game is at these days.
The Michigan senior-to-be fired a 1-over 71 on Monday to kick off his latest appearance in the U.S. Amateur — not too shabby for famed Riviera Country Club in Pacific Palisades, Calif., but it could've been a whole lot better.
Mueller struck several good irons, but couldn't get the putter going, lipping out, by his count, four or five times, especially on his second nine.
Still, he's in decent position to make the 64-man cut going into the match-play portion of the tournament.
"I'm a little disappointed with how I finished up," Mueller said over the phone Monday evening. "But overall, I'm in a good spot.
"I'm playing the easier of the two courses tomorrow."
Mueller's second and final round of stroke play will start Tuesday afternoon, and be played at Bel-Air Country Club in Los Angeles.
Mueller, 21, is playing in his third consecutive U.S. Amateur. He made the Sweet 16 of match play in 2015, and didn't make it out of stroke play in 2016 — when his Michigan teammate, Nick Carlson, barely inside the top 2,000 of the world amateur rankings, was enjoying a Cinderella run to the Final Four of the event, being played at Oakland Hills in Bloomfield Township.
Carlson, 20, a junior-to-be, received an automatic exemption into this year's tournament, but has his work cut out for him to make match play again after opening with a 7-over 77, also at Riviera, playing in a group right behind Mueller.
Mueller got off to a scorching start, stiffing a wedge to 2 feet at his first hole and 3 feet at his third to make early birdies. He shot 3-under 33 for his front nine, which was the course's back nine.
But four bogeys in a five-hole stretch on his second nine, the course's front, saw him finish with a 38.
"I played a lot better than my score reflected at the end," Mueller said. "I kind of had it going. I didn't even make bad bogeys coming in. I hit some good shots, but I just didn't make the putts. I felt like I burned four or five edges (of the cup) all day."
Both Mueller and Carlson play in the afternoon Tuesday.
A field of 312 started the U.S. Amateur, which starts bracket match play Wednesday and continues through the 36-hole championship match Sunday.
At least eight players with Michigan tie qualified for the tournament, amateur golf's biggest event. Mueller's round was the best among the locals who started in the morning, followed by Rochester Hills' Jeff Champine (75), Carlson and Birmingham's Scott Strickland (77), and ex-Michigan golfer Jack Schultz and Canton's Donnie Trosper (79). Shelby Township's Brad Bastion, Midland's Cameron Lippoldt and Swartz Creek's Jeff Weller were playing in the afternoon.
tpaul@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/tonypaul1984
Two years ago, Google launched universal app campaigns (UAC) to make it easier for developers to easily promote their iOS and Android apps across its various platforms. Instead of having to set up separate campaigns for Search and Google Play, for example, developers can simply use UAC with a few lines of text, images and their bid and the service then handles the rest, based on what the developers want to optimize their campaigns for (installs or in-app conversions, for example).
This has turned out to be such an effective service — thanks in large part to the company's advances in machine learning — that Google is moving all app install campaigns to UAC over the rest of this year. Starting October 16th, all new app install campaigns created in Google Ads will run on UAC, and starting November 15th, all existing Search, Display and YouTube app promo campaigns will stop running.
Google tells us that it has delivered more than 6 billion installations to developers so far. That's a big increase over the last stats it offered in 2016. At that time, Google said it had delivered 2 billion installations. The company also told us that UAC already delivers more than 50 percent of all app downloads from ads today and that the machine learning algorithms that power the service analyze more than 300 million potential signal combinations in real time. That means the service looks at signals like where people are looking at an ad, for example, and what they are likely trying to do.
What's most important, though, is that these campaigns perform very well. UACs drive 140 percent more conversions per dollar than the company's regular app campaigns. Given these numbers, it's no surprise that Google is doubling down on this campaign type.
One major advantage of UAC is that it allows developers to not just optimize for app installs but also for in-app engagement and lifetime value. For many developers, it's now less about getting low-value installs but to make sure that the users they get want to make a purchase, book a hotel room or subscribe to their service. Google argues that its algorithms know enough about potential users to allow it to automatically optimize when and where it shows a developer's ads to bring the right users to the app.
“Having entertained over 1 billion people to-date, at Zynga we're focused on creating games that are designed to entertain consumer audiences over the long-term while delivering strong operational efficiency,” Zynga's VP of User Acquisition Kimberly Corbett told me about her company's use of UACs. “As such, our User Acquisition strategy has evolved to focus on bringing in players who will become part of our forever franchises, including games like Zynga Poker and Words With Friends, which are 10 and 8 years old, respectively.”
About Kameme Tv
KAMEME TV is designed and positioned to be a general variety entertainment station that caters to the wider Kikuyu community by offering an authentic, diverse and varied array of local entertainment, news and studio based talk programs.
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 4:36 am |
Heavy snow seen at the compound of the kever of Rav Nachman in Uman, Sunday. (Chadashot24)
Thousands of Breslover Chassidim are to travel to spend Shabbos Chanukah in Uman, Ukraine, near the kever of the Rebbe Reb Nachman of Breslov, zy”a.
Although the largest annual nesiah to Uman to the kever of Reb Nachman is for Rosh Hashanah, Shabbos Chanukah — despite being in the middle of the winter — also attracts a large crowd. The other big nesiah is for Shavuos.
Security at the kever and the nearby area was to be increased this year, after recent violence in the vicinity.
Heavy snow fell on Sunday, the first of the season, causing minor injuries. Local Hatzolah are on call for any incident, chas v'shalom. They tended to several people who fell on Sunday.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton said he is planning a “White Lives Matter” rally at Texas A&M University in September.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
“We're going to be more active than ever before,” Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Fields, 20, who recently moved to Ohio from his home state of Kentucky, was held without bail on murder charges. He was photographed at the rally behind a shield bearing the emblem of the white nationalist Vanguard America, though the group denied he was a member.
Two state troopers also died Sunday when their helicopter crashed during an effort to contain the violence.
The U.S. Justice Department said it will review the violence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC that the death of counter-protester Heather Heyer, 32, met the definition of domestic terrorism.
White nationalists said they were undaunted.
Heimbach, who said he was pepper-sprayed during the melee in Charlottesville, called the event Saturday “an absolute stunning victory” for the far right because of the large number of supporters who descended on the city to decry plans to remove a statue of Lee.
Hundreds of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and others were involved, by some estimates, in what Heimbach, leader of the Traditionalist Workers Party, called the nation's biggest such event in a decade or more. Even more opponents turned out, and the two sides clashed violently.
A neo-Nazi website that helped promote the gathering said there will be more events soon.
“We are going to start doing this nonstop. Across the country,” said the site, which internet domain host GoDaddy said it was shutting down after it mocked the woman killed in Charlottesville.
The head of the National Socialist Movement, Jeff Schoep, said Charlottesville was a “really good” white nationalist event that was being overshadowed by the deaths. “Any time someone loses their lives it's unfortunate,” he said.
He blamed the violence on inadequate police protection and counter-demonstrators and said he doubts white nationalists will be deterred from attending more such demonstrations.
Preserving memorials to the Old South has become an animating force for the white nationalist movement, not because all members are Southern, Schoep said, but because adherents see the drive to remove such monuments as part of a larger, anti-white crusade.
“It's an assault on American freedoms. Today it's Confederate monuments. Tomorrow it may be the Constitution or the American flag,” Schoep said.
At the University of Florida, where Spencer has asked to speak, President W. Kent Fuchs called the events in Virginia “deplorable” but indicated school officials might be unable to block his appearance.
“While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space,” Fuchs said in a message on the university's Facebook page.
Auburn University spent almost $30,000 in legal fees in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent Spencer from speaking on its campus in Alabama in April.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
UNITED NATIONS, April 17 (APP): UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres voiced his deep concern over the rising tensions on the Korean Peninsula, his spokesman said Monday, calling on all to return to “dialogue on denuclearization” and work towards implemention of Security Council resolutions.
“We call on all to redouble their diplomatic efforts,” the
secretary-general's spokesman, Stephane Dujarric, said minutes after a senior North Korean diplomat, speaking to reporters at UN, accused the US of turning the Korean peninsula into “the world's biggest hotspot” and creating “a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment”.
North Korea's Deputy UN Ambassador, Kim In-ryong, described US-South Korean military exercises as the largest ever “aggressive war drill” and said his country was “ready to react to any mode of war desired by the US”.
Spokesman Dujarric said, “We are obviously deeply concerned about the rising tensions that we've seen in the Korean Peninsula.”
At the same time, he said the launch of a missile over the weekend from the DPRK was “troubling.”
“We call on the DPRK to take all the steps necessary to de-escalate the situation and return to dialogue on denuclearization,” Dujarric said.
“All Security Council resolutions must be fully implemented and we note
that the Security Council has consistently stated its commitment to peaceful, diplomatic and political solution,” he added.
The Security Council has passed more than 20 resolutions imposing ever-tightening sanctions on the DPRK because of its nuclear and missile programmes.
Pyongyang maintains its nuclear programme, and development of missiles carrying nuclear weapons, is designed to meet threats from the United States and South Korea. It also says it does not recognize the UN resolutions.
This month, Washington holds the rotating presidency of the UN Security Council and in that capacity has scheduled a ministerial-level meeting on April 28 on the subject of nuclear non-proliferation at which DPRK's nuclear programme will be spotlighted.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is expected to chair the session.
Apple has released the newest version of its mobile operating system, iOS 11.3.1. Though not quite iOS 11.4, the update is now available to users through the settings app, and does come with a fix to one of the more notable issues introduced by iOS 11.3 in mid-April, MacRumors reports.
Screens that were replaced with unofficial parts and became unresponsive in iOS 11.3 should work properly with this update.
Earlier this month, iOS 11.3 seemed to introduce a bug that made some iPhone 8 screens unresponsive to touch if they weren't official Apple parts. This was in spite of the screen functioning properly before the software update. Some were concerned that Apple was intentionally disabling unofficial repair parts, as users with aftermarket home buttons for the iPhone 6 had experience similar issues. But, the update fixes the issue, seeming to show Apple isn't trying to block third-party components.
Beyond this fix, iOS 11.3.1 is a minor update, with no exciting new features coming with it for those unaffected by the screen issue. It appears to be mostly focused on security, addressing multiple memory corruption issues and protecting phones from a text message that could spoof the user interface.
There are still plenty of iOS 11 problems that this latest update won't fix, but we expect many of the most pressing issues to be resolved by iOS 12. The reveal of iOS 12 is likely to occur during Apple's WWDC 2018 event in early June.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Newly released law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
Dashboard camera video from one of the first troopers to arrive shows Kyron Hinton standing alone on April 3, moaning and gesturing on a Raleigh street. Officers from multiple agencies then surround him.
Eventually a canine handler approaches, and the dog lunges and gets a mouthful of Hinton's clothing. The canine handler then tackles Hinton. While Hinton is on the ground, at least one officer can be seen punching him.
The videos were released Wednesday to media outlets who went to court to request they be made public.
Two troopers and a deputy were charged with assault earlier this month.
Comments
comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Earlier today Bristol Rovers confirmed the signing of Tony Craig on a free transfer.
The 32-year-old moves to the Memorial Stadium following his release by Championship club Millwall.
The Lions stalwart will call time on his career at the New Den after four spells with the club and making 300 starts.
He ended his 15-year affiliation with the club having won two promotions with the Lions.
Craig became Darrell Clarke's second signing of the window after Bernard Mensah and is an astute bit of business by the Rovers head coach.
Although the Englishman has only played eight times this season, he brings a wealth of League One experience after plying his trade there with both Millwall and Brentford.
The accomplished defender clinched promotion from the third tier twice with Millwall and once with Brentford during his career.
He captained Neil Harris' side last season, and played 57 times as he led Millwall to victory in the play-off final against Bradford City.
The reaction from Bristol Rovers fans has been positive since his arrival, whilst many Millwall fans have thanked ‘TC' for his time at their club.
Here is the best so far:
Their forthcoming novel may be titled “The President Is Missing,” but there's no mystery where former President Bill Clinton and author James Patterson will be in June: On Long Island.
The Book Revue in Huntington announced on its website Wednesday that the co-authors will appear at the independent bookstore on June 6 at noon. Tickets are $30 plus tax, and a limited number will be available for sale at the store or by telephone on May 7 starting at 9:30 a.m. The ticket includes a copy of the book, which can be signed at the event.
“The President Is Missing” is a high-concept thriller in which the U.S. president has disappeared. It is being copublished by Alfred A. Knopf and Little, Brown and Co., and goes on sale June 4. Clinton previously appeared at Book Revue in 2007 for his book “Giving: How Each of Us Can Change the World,” and in 2004, when he released his memoir, “My Life.”
Book Revue is at 313 New York Ave. in Huntington; 631-271-1442.
A 5-year-old boy died over the weekend after being caught between the floor and wall of a rotating restaurant atop a skyscraper in downtown Atlanta, police said.
The boy and his parents were visiting from Charlotte, N.C., and were eating lunch Friday afternoon at the Sun Dial in the Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel, local media reported. Situated on the 72nd floor of one of Atlanta's tallest buildings, the upscale restaurant and cocktail bar revolves about once an hour, offering diners a panoramic view of the city from more than 213 metres (700 feet) above ground.
At some point, the boy wandered from the window table where the family was sitting and got pinned in the space between the rotating floor and part of the stationary wall, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
The floor shut off automatically when the boy became stuck in the 4- to 5-inch gap, police told local media. Restaurant staff members rushed to help, police said, pulling furniture out of the way, turning over tables and trying to perform first aid.
Firefighters were called to the restaurant around 3:30 p.m. and reportedly worked for about 30 minutes before they were able to free the boy. After being rushed to Grady Memorial Hospital, the boy was pronounced dead from a head injury at 4:20 p.m., the Journal-Constitution reported. He was identified as Charlie Holt.
A man from Huddersfield has been charged with terror offences.
Mohammed Abbas Idris Awan, 24, was charged with three offences under the Terrorism Act following an investigation by the North East Counterterrorism Unit.
Awan, of Rudding Street, Huddersfield, was arrested on June 1 by officers.
A spokesperson for the counterterrorism unit said: "He has been charged with one offence of Engaging in the preparation of an act of terrorism, contrary to section 5 of the Terrorism Act 2006 and two offences of Possessing a record of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism, contrary to section 58 of the Terrorism Act 2000."
He will appear before Westminster Magistrates Court tomorrow (Thursday).
Tyler Duncan follows his approach shot from the fairway on the 10th green during the second round of the Safeway Open on Friday. (Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press)
Napa, Calif. — Tyler Duncan chipped in from the fringe for eagle on the par-5 18th hole Friday to take the second-round lead in the season-opening Safeway Open.
Making his second career PGA Tour start, Duncan shot a 6-under 66 for a one-stroke lead over defending champion Brendan Steele at Silverado Resort and Spa.
Duncan, the Web.com Tour graduate who shared the first-round lead with Steele and Tom Hoge, also had seven birdies and three bogeys to reach 13-under 131.
“It's crazy, it's nothing I could have ever dreamed of,” said Duncan, whose only other PGA Tour event was as a regional qualifier in the 2015 U.S. Open. “I don't think it's sunk in yet, to be honest. It's something I've dreamed about for a long time. I'm just happy to be playing here and to be in the lead is something special.”
Steele had six birdies and a bogey in a 67. He's 30 under is his past six rounds in the event.
“It was really a solid day, very similar to yesterday,” Steele said. “I hit a lot of good shots, rolled and a lot of good putts and was able to watch Chesson go crazy.”
Chesson Hadley, who began the second round seven shots behind the leaders, broke the course record with a career-best 61 to get within two strokes. He parred the final two holes.
“It's just one of those days everything was going my way,” said Hadley, the 2014 Puerto Rico Open winner who regained his tour card through the Web.com Tour. “I was hitting great shots, good putts and got some good breaks. When you get that of momentum, things just go your way.
He had an eagle, 10 birdies and a bogey. His previous career best was a 64 in the opening round of the 2015 AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am.
Zac Blair (66) and Tony Finau (65) were 9 under, and Graham DeLaet (67) and Brian Davis (66) were another stroke back.
“I just had a lot of good looks,” said Blair, who doesn't have a bogey through 36 holes. “I made 17 greens out there, left myself in some good spots, made a few of them and it was just kind of easy out there.”
Emiliano Grillo, who won the event two years ago, was 7 under after a 70.
Phil Mickelson, seeking his first win in since 2013, shot his second 69 to reach 6 under.
“I expected to score a little bit better today, but I had some good chances today,” said Mickelson, who had six birdies, one bogey and a double bogey. “I drove it a lot better, I hit quite a few more fairways and gave myself some good birdie chances. But I let a few opportunities slide.”
Mickelson, playing in his 91st PGA Tour event since his last win, finished eighth in the tournament last year and has six straight rounds in the 60s at Silverado.
“A low round is out there,” said Mickelson, who birdied three straight holes after double-bogeying the 14th — his fifth hole of the day. “I feel like I'm getting close to it.”
John Daly, the two-time major winner who in May won his first PGA Tour Champions title and is playing via a sponsor exemption, birdied the 18th for second-round 69 to make the 1-under cut at 143. Daly had missed the cuts in his past 12 PGA Tour events.
Brian Stuard (Jackson) shot 71 and made the cut at 4 under.
Europe
At St. Andrews, Scotland, Tommy Fleetwood broke the course record at Carnoustie by shooting 9-under 63 to tie for the lead with defending champion Tyrrell Hatton after two rounds of the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship.
Hatton also tamed the tough British Open venue, shooting 65 to move to 11 under par for the tournament. The English golfers were a stroke clear of Nicolas Colsaerts, and two ahead of Paul Dunne and Marcel Siem.
Playing his first event since becoming a father for the first time last week, Fleetwood birdied six of the last eight holes to complete a bogey-free round and beat the course record by a shot.
Carnoustie is regarded as the most difficult of the three courses that stage the tournament. Kingsbarns and the Old Course at St. Andrews are the others, with players alternating between the three in the first three rounds before playing at St. Andrews again for the final round.
Rory McIlroy shot a 71 at Carnoustie and was even par after two rounds. Eleven shots off the lead, McIlroy is likely to finish a season without a victory for just the second time in his pro career.
Buy Photo Detroit PAL CEO Tim Richey, left, stands with development director Russ Russell at the new home of the nonprofit, which will 24 have snack stand. (Photo: Robin Buckson / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
The last pieces of artificial turf were stitched together and glued down last week at the corner of Michigan and Trumbull. Ignore the weather; for the Detroit Police Athletic League, it feels like spring.
Children will cavort come March on the sainted plot of land where Ty Cobb and Al Kaline became legends. Sponsors have been found for the ballpark, the playing surface and even the flagpole, the only thing left from the glory days at Tiger Stadium beside the memories.
Walking the grounds, CEO Tim Richey can point to splendors PAL has never had in its 48 years of shaping character by shaping swings. That row of steel columns will frame a locker room with showers. Up there, offices. Down that way, a snack stand that'll stay open 24 hours, serving coffee to cops.
“Who would have thought any of this was going to happen?” asks Russ Russell, the development director. PAL will still be migratory, offering thousands of games on more than 80 fields across the city in 11 sports. But now it has a home, and a home plate.
Millions of dollars, millions of possibilities. And OK, a bit of reasonable grumbling from the neighbors. But this is PAL and it put 13,800 youngsters in uniforms last year, so even the grumbling comes with a hug.
Dave Steinke, for instance, co-owns the Mercury Burger Bar and Ottava Via on Michigan, and he has another restaurant in the works near the ballpark. He was one of the people who wanted PAL to keep the grass field from Tiger Stadium, and like a lot of people in Corktown he's skeptical about parking, especially on the nights 10,000 people show up for a concert.
“I want to get some of the local businesses together,” he says, “to make a donation and adopt some players.”
Russell says they're working on parking, and concerts are a necessary part of the business plan as PAL makes the Corner a playground instead of a cathedral. Yanking out the grass infuriated some of the old ballpark's admirers, but PAL says heavy usage makes artificial turf a necessity — $884,070 worth of it, counting drainage and installation, unspooled from 10-foot-wide rolls.
The turf might not have roots, Richey says, but PAL does.
“If you're a Detroiter,” Richey says, “you played PAL or you knew somebody who did, or a coach lived on your street.”
Buy Photo The Corner Ballpark, at Michigan and Trumbull, hews dimensions of Tiger Stadium and will ultimately seat 2,000. (Photo: Robin Buckson / The Detroit News)
The organization emerged from the smoke two years after the '67 unrest, a way to keep youngsters active and keep cops from seeming like the enemy. There are still police involved in the Police Athletic League, about 100 of the 2,000 volunteers who make the whole thing work, but back then it was basically a subsidiary of the department.
Across two generations, a baseball program has evolved into everything from soccer, now the most popular sport, to football, tennis and cheerleading. Most sports will get some time on the turf at what's officially the Corner Ballpark presented by Adient, featuring the Willie Horton Field of Dreams presented by Meijer, in the shadow of the flagpole presented by an as-yet-unannounced company that ponied up $500,000.
The ballfield itself hews to the dimensions of Tiger Stadium, with the center field fence 440 feet from home plate and the flagpole still in play. High school and college teams will tussle in front of grandstands that will ultimately seat 2,000.
Some hours will be given over each week to the community, Richey says — a payback for the Corktown residents who enjoyed 18 years without crowds and clamor from the site. Movies are a possibility. So is a Sunday morning farmers' market.
Mostly, there will be children, grasping life lessons even when they're too young to catch many fly balls. T-ball coaches, Richey says, are asked to define for themselves what winning is, with the understanding that actual victory is not a correct answer.
“All my players develop a new skill,” some say. Or all the youngsters finish the season, or they come back next year, or they build a close friendship with a teammate.
“In a way,” says Thom Linn, “it's like scouting, but for urban children who are more interested in sports than running around in nature.”
Linn, a 69-year-old lawyer, grew up near City Airport. Now, he's the president of the Old Tiger Stadium Conservancy, which controlled a $3.1 million federal earmark for preserving the history and legacy of Tiger Stadium.
In 2012, PAL's board decided the nonprofit needed a permanent home, as opposed to the former ball bearing factory in Midtown where it rents space. In summer 2013, Linn's group called with an idea: Come to the Corner.
As PAL's staff of 30 prepares for a late January move-in, all but $900,000 has been raised for what became a $20 million project.
As for the kids, nearly all of them too young to have seen a game at Tiger Stadium, they're preparing to do what kids should:
Play ball, and make memories of their own.
nrubin@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @nealrubin_dn
Brick by brick
Eighteen years after the Tigers left the building, fans can leave messages at the former site of Tiger Stadium in the form of commemorative bricks.
The Detroit PAL fundraiser offers bricks in three sizes, with increasing numbers of lines for engraved messages: 4-by-8-inch with up to three lines of as many as 20 characters, $150; 8-by-8 with six lines, $250; or 12-by-12 with eight lines, $500.
To order, or for more information, visit detroitpal.org or email agardner@detroitpal.org.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iTlaj8
The Hyundai Ioniq Electric Vehicle (Hyundai Motor)
The Hyundai Ioniq electric vehicle has been named the greenest car in the United States, beating its global rivals the BMW i3 and the Toyota Prius Eco, the South Korean manufacturer of the car, Hyundai Motor Co., said Wednesday.The Ioniq Electric topped a list of environmentally friendly vehicles sold in the United States that was put together by a non-profit organization, the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy.The list, posted on the ACEEE's website, showed the car on top, followed by the BMW i3, the Toyota Prius Eco and the Fiat 500E.The US organization said Ioniq's top place finish was "quite a feat," noting the top spot had been claimed only by compact or subcompact vehicles over the past 10 years."The new midsize Hyundai Ioniq Electric tops the Greenest List with the highest-ever Green Score of 64," it added.The Ioniq, launched early last year, is also available in a plug-in hybrid version.Meanwhile, the list showed the Kia Soul Electric, produced by Kia Motors Corp., an affiliate of Hyundai Motor, ranked seventh after the Nissan Leaf and the Chevrolet Bolt. (Yonhap)
LAHORE, Feb 15 (APP)- Chairman, Pakistan Cricket Board, Shaharyar
M Khan said on Wednesday that PCB has not given up holding of the
Pakistan Super League final here on March 5 at Gadaffi stadium.
“We will not bow down to the terrorists or their heinous designs
and we are fully determined to hold the final of the mega event at
Lahore and we have informed the government in this regard”, he told
newsmen here.
He expressed his gratitude to Army Chief, Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa
for supporting PCB stance of holding the PSL final at Gadaffi stadium.
“We highly value the gesture shown by the Army Chief for the cause
of cricket in Pakistan and PCB has sent him a special message of thanks”,
he added.
He informed that security experts and managers of various cricket boards will soon be visiting Pakistan to access security situation
for the resumption of international cricket in Pakistan.
referring to cricketers, Sharjeel Khan and
Khalid Latif who were suspended on the allegations of spot fixing
in PSL,he said: “PCB wants to give them a fair chance for their defence.
Khan said PCB has zero tolerance for corruption in
cricket and added that there was no place for the cricketers in national cricket who are involved in the menace.
“Such cricketers will be given exemplary punishment in order to set precedent for young cricketers and to save the future of the game”, he added.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — The 46th Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta is set to begin Saturday and is expected to draw close to a million visitors to central New Mexico.
But concerns over crime in Albuquerque and the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas has organizers stepping up security measures.
Balloon Fiesta officials said authorities will check peoples' bags and purses at all entry gates and park and ride locations. No firearms will be allowed at Balloon Fiesta Park unless carried by law enforcement officers. Bicycles, skateboards, and displays of gang colors and gang signs also are banned.
The National Weather Service says much of Albuquerque is expected to see sunny weather throughout the week.
The Threat of Contagion
Each crisis is bigger than the one before. In complex dynamic systems such as capital markets, risk is an exponential function of system scale. Increasing market scale correlates with exponentially larger market collapses.
This means that the larger size of the system implies a future global liquidity crisis and market panic far larger than the Panic of 2008.
Today, systemic risk is more dangerous than ever. Too-big-to-fail banks are bigger than ever, have a larger percentage of the total assets of the banking system, and have much larger derivatives books.
To understand the risk of contagion, you can think of the marlin in Hemingway's Old Man and the Sea. The marlin started out as a prize catch lashed to the side of the fisherman Santiago's boat.
But, once there was blood in the water, every shark within miles descended on the marlin and devoured it. By the time Santiago got to shore, there was nothing left of the marlin but the bill, the tail and some bones.
An even greater danger for markets is when these two kinds of contagion converge. This happens when market losses spill over into broader markets, and then those losses give rise to systematic trading against a particular instrument or hedge fund.
When the targeted instrument or fund is driven under, credit losses spread to a wider group of fund counterparts who then fall under suspicion themselves. Soon a market-wide liquidity panic emerges in which everybody wants their money back.
Seven Tried and Tested Ways to Pinpoint the Fastest-Moving Small-Cap Stocks on the ASX Read this report…then watch your small-cap strike rate skyrocket Download your free small-cap guide today. Plus, get a free subscription to the daily financial email The Daily Reckoning Australia. Simply enter your email address in the box below and click ‘Send Me My FREE Report'. Register with Facebook Privacy Statement: We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time.
Four billion in cash
This is exactly what happened during the Russia/Long-Term Capital Management (LTCM) crisis in 1998. The month of August 1998 was a liquidity crisis involving broad classes of instruments. But the month of September was systematically aimed at LTCM.
I was right in the middle of that crash. It was an international monetary crisis that started in Thailand in June of 1997, spread to Indonesia and Korea, and then finally Russia by August of 1998. It was exactly like dominoes falling.
LTCM wasn't a country, although it was a hedge fund big as a country in terms of its financial footings.
I was the general counsel of that firm. I negotiated that bailout. The importance of that role is that I had a front-row seat.
I was in the conference or deal room at a big New York law firm. There were hundreds of lawyers. There were 14 banks in the LTCM bailout fund. There were 19 other banks in a $1 billion unsecured credit facility. Included were Treasury officials, Federal Reserve officials, other government officials, Long-Term Capital Management, and our partners.
It was a thundering herd of lawyers, but I was on point for one side of the deal and had to coordinate all that.
It was a US$4 billion all-cash deal, which we put together in 72 hours with no due diligence. Anyone who's raised money for their company or done deals can think about that and imagine how difficult it would be to get a group of banks to write you a check for US$4 billion in three days.
Systematic pressure on LTCM persisted until the fund was almost broke. As Wall Street attacked the fund, they missed the fact that they were the creditors of the fund. By breaking LTCM, they were breaking themselves. That's when the Fed intervened and forced Wall Street to bail out the fund.
Those involved can say they bailed out LTCM. But if LTCM had failed — and it was on the way to failure — US$1.3 trillion of derivatives would've been flipped back to Wall Street.
In reality, Wall Street bailed out itself.
Too-big-too-fail bigger than ever
The Panic of 2008 was an even more extreme version of 1998. We were days, if not hours, from the sequential collapse of every major bank in the world. Of course, the 2008 panic had its roots in subprime mortgages, but quickly spread to debt obligations of all kinds, especially money market funds and European bank commercial paper.
Think of the dominoes again. What had happened there? You had a banking crisis.
Except in 2008, Wall Street did not bail out a hedge fund; instead the central banks bailed out Wall Street.
And as I mentioned earlier, systemic risk is more dangerous than ever today. Each crisis is bigger than the one before. Too-big-to-fail banks are bigger than ever, have a larger percentage of the total assets of the banking system, and have much larger derivatives books.
The next crisis could well begin in the private bank debt market. The specific culprit is a kind of debt called ‘contingent convertible' debt, or CoCos.
These bonds start out like ordinary debt, but a bank in distress could convert them to equity to improve its capital ratios. The problem is that bondholders know this and start dumping the bonds before the bank can pull the trigger on the conversion clause. This can cause a run on the bank and trigger cross default clauses in other bonds.
Far from adding safety to bank capital structures, CoCos can make banks more unstable by igniting panics.
This is just one more example of capital market complexity. And it signals the fact that the next crisis will be worse than the last.
Also, new automated trading algorithms like high-frequency trading techniques used in stock markets could add to liquidity in normal times, but the liquidity could disappear instantly in times of market stress. And when the catalyst is triggered and panic commences, impersonal dynamics take on a life of their own.
These kinds of sudden, unexpected crashes that seems to emerge from nowhere are entirely consistent with the predictions of complexity theory.
Markets never healed from the last crisis
In complex dynamic systems such as capital markets, risk is an exponential function of system scale. Increasing market scale correlates with exponentially larger market collapses. This means that the larger size of the system implies a future global liquidity crisis and market panic far larger than the Panic of 2008.
The ability of central banks to deal with a new crisis is highly constrained by low interest rates and bloated balance sheets which, despite some movement in that direction, still have not been normalised since the last crisis.
For now, it's not clear which way things will break next. Markets are still in a precarious position, and volatility has returned. Regardless of which direction markets go from here, yesterday's threat of contagion is a scary reminder of the hidden linkages in modern capital markets.
Next time we may not be so lucky.
We've already had a correction this year. But the next correction could turn into a 30–40% crash.
The conditions are in place. But you can't wait for the shock to occur because, by then, it will be too late. You won't be able to get your money out of the market in time because it'll be a mad rush to the exits.
The solution for investors is to have some assets outside the traditional markets and outside the banking system.
All the best,
Jim Rickards,
For The Daily Reckoning Australia
For people who take their politics seriously, this is going to be a difficult election year. The rhetoric has been ratcheted up by several decibels with the election of Doug Ford as the leader of the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party, while the Liberal government gaslights us over debt and deficits and has us questioning our reason and understanding of math. Ontario voters will need to practise some serious self-care in order to survive the season with their sanity.
So, to help prepare ourselves for the upcoming months, I've come up with some self-care strategies to help recover from the rhetoric and assault on reason that the political season has already become. Politics presents conflicting positions; our adversarial system is harsh, a blood sport. The stress levels can get high, especially in a polarized political environment. Family gatherings can get heated, insults can fly, feelings can be hurt, something gets broken, and respect can be lost all in the span of a happy birthday party for a little kid or a planning meeting for a playground.
What does to in times of trouble?
The first and foremost piece of advice has to do with prevention, a good place to start. Avoid poking the bear. If you know a comment will raise ire and perhaps be received as a slight, consider if you're willing to engage with the consequences: a hungry bear with sharp claws. If so, and some are, then be sure you have a big stick of facts and examples, or a diversion with a delicious dinner.
Know when to walk away. Ask yourself: Do you want to be right or do you want to be happy? Is it possible to be happy and considered wrong? If you have a good sense of self and feel confident in your position, it is possible to walk away without engendering further response or retaliation. We don't have to resort to a further escalation of violence, from verbal to physical; we can walk away, either physically by leaving or mentally by checking out. Walking away is the No. 1 way to exit an argument. And it doesn't have to involve slammed doors, but remember how good that felt when you where a kid? Leave it as a memory.
During times of increased stress, exercise is a good regulator of emotions and it helps exhaust the animosity I feel building in response to the political rhetoric. The constant attack of party against party can infect your equilibrium. If news is your thing, it's hard to escape; it's everywhere, on the radio, in the papers, on the internet, at the coffee shop. It might just be the sweat, but I feel cleansed after exercise, successful in my challenge, and cleared in mind. It doesn't have to be that vigorous, a long walk along the escarpment or down by the waterfront can help with reflection and finding perspective. It's a big world and it'll go on long after this election ends.
Mindfulness is a practice that people are using more and more to manage emotion and handle stress. Being mindful means paying attention to the moment, not the last one or the next one, in a non-judgmental way. We get so caught up in our body's reaction to stress and it can take over our response to it. You can practise mindfulness through meditation. It doesn't take much, just practice, to sit quietly and be aware of your body, bring yourself into a position of peace and then continue with more composure.
Change the station. Remember media consumption is a personal choice. You don't like what you're hearing, change the station; there's more than one messenger on the dial and you can always come back to it when you've fortified yourself for more. Repeat radio and the internet allows plenty of opportunity for us to listen to, or watch that clip, one more time.
That's not a suggestion to create an echo chamber. I encourage everyone to read around, to listen to the opinions of others, to educate themselves on the issues that we're facing. It takes wide reading and listening to the experiences of others in order to form an informed opinion. Too many people let their party do the thinking for them and aren't aware of the platforms of the people they're voting for or the results of policies on people.
And above all, maintain a sense of humour. People get to believe what they want, even if you don't agree. Distance yourself from the gong show and remember that love conquers all.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The mum of a teen who donated his organs after taking his own life has said it helps her "knowing he is still out there".
Dean O'Shea was 18 when he killed himself in a field close to the family's house in Eyrecourt, Co Galway, Ireland last November.
After three days on a life-support machine at Portiuncula Hospital, mum Linda McEvoy decided to donate his organs so others could have another chance at life.
Just after Christmas she received a letter from an organ donor co-ordinaton team, confirming his heart, lungs and kidneys had saved FOUR people on waiting lists.
The recipients included a teenage girl and a married man in his sixties with two adult children.
Linda told The Irish Mirror : “It's a relief to know his heart is still beating and his lungs are still breathing, so he's not really gone.
(Photo: Irish Mirror)
“His body is gone and in the ground but parts of him are still travelling on new adventures.
“He's given someone else the best Christmas present and it helps me to know he is still out there.
“He would have loved to see how he has helped these people. He gave away everything, I literally have nothing of his, he gave away everything.
“If a child was sick or someone needed a heart he would be delighted to be able to help them.”
Dean's heart and lungs were both transplanted at the Mater Hospital in Dublin.
The man in his sixties was critically ill prior to getting Dean's heart but is now doing extremely well.
His lungs have given a new lease of life to a teenager who was also critically ill.
His kidneys were both transplanted the day after his death on November 17 at Beaumont Hospital, Dublin.
(Photo: Irish Mirror)
They went to a recently married man in his thirties and a man in his late twenties who had been on dialysis for four years.
His liver will be used for vital medical research at St Vincent's Hospital.
Linda said her selfless son was inspired to become an organ donor by a TV programme they watched together.
She added: “We were watching a medical programme about organ donation. It was showing people it had helped and Dean said if anything happened to him to do it.
“That it was better than them rotting in the ground when they could help other people.”
His sudden death three months ago shocked the family to its core as Dean had not spoken about feeling depressed and they were unaware of any mental health issues he may have been battling.
She said Dean was the kind of person to never keep anything to himself but would “give everything away.”
The last time Linda saw her son he was going for a walk with his girlfriend and her cat Cecil.
She then had a knock at the door from a member of a first response team.
Linda said: “I was very panicked. I could not find him. I went running up the road and a neighbour said she had seen them walk up the road with the cat.
“Then I saw others running down the road towards the field.”
Dean's girlfriend called an ambulance and he was taken to hospital but after three days doctors said he was brain dead.
Linda then made the brave decision to donate his organs for transplant.
That evening, a team from Dublin came to take his organs to the capital.
(Photo: PA)
She said: “I worried maybe his organs wouldn't be used then he would be completely gone.”
But Linda added it was a “brilliant feeling” to know they have gone on to transform lives.
Dean's aunt Anne McEvoy said her nephew was always laughing and joking when he was alive, had “great craic” and always lived his life to the full.
She said his death was a shock.
She added: “Dean has given someone else the chance to live, a child back his father, a wife back her husband.
“Dean would give you the last thing he had in his pocket, he would do anything for you.
“We can not understand why he did it.
“He was always saying to my children, ‘Do not do anything stupid, you can talk to someone.'”
The teenager loved nature and animals and had planned to do a horticultural course after leaving secondary school.
Linda said he took care of her garden and treated it as his “baby”, never letting her tend to it.
But he was still always thinking of others. At Christmas time the family discovered he had already bought their presents in advance and left them with a next door neighbour.
Linda also recalled a time he tried to sell his X box and games but couldn't get any money for them. On his way home he saw a boy and asked him if he would like a console and gave it to him for free.
His selfless gift of his organs has already inspired others to sign up for donor cards.
Linda said: “He was a bright light. All of our family and people in our village are getting organ donor cards.
“It's a great feeling.
“My sister was talking to a friend who said it was a brave decision to donate Dean's organs and she couldn't have done it.
“My sister said ‘Look if you needed a heart or a lung would you not be delighted if someone gave you one?' and she said she had not thought of it that way and went out and got a donor card.
“Dean's sister, Amy Louise is 21 and if she needed something like that I would like to think someone would donate it for her.
“If an 18-year-old can donate, surely everyone can.”
If you have been affected by any of these issues or know someone who has, you can call the Samaritans helpline on 1850 60 90 90 (24-hour helpline) or 116 123.
The people behind Bitfinex issue a virtual currency called Tether. Unlike most digitals tokens, every Tether is supposed to be backed by traditional money — the U.S. dollar. New Tether tokens are issued when investors give them dollars. One dollar is worth one token.
In December, Bitfinex was subpoenaed by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, a U.S. regulatory agency. The news, first reported by Bloomberg on Tuesday and confirmed by a source familiar with the subpoena but not allowed to publicly discuss an ongoing investigation, led to a sell-off in most virtual currencies.
A growing number of virtual currency investors are worried that the prices of bitcoin and other digital tokens have been artificially propped up by a widely used exchange called Bitfinex, which has a checkered history of hacks and opaque business practices.
Because of the credibility that comes with that tie to the dollar, Tether are often used to buy other virtual currencies like bitcoin.
In recent months, however, many investors have been raising alarm bells about Tether. Hundreds of millions of dollars worth of new Tether were created; almost always when the prices of other virtual currencies were heading down. The Tether were used on the Bitfinex exchange to make big purchases of bitcoin and other tokens, helping push their prices back up, according to multiple analyses of data from Bitfinex.
“This became more and more concerning, because every time the markets went down, you have seen the same thing happen,” said Joey Krug, the co-chief investment officer at Pantera Capital, which runs several virtual currency hedge funds. “It could mean that a lot of the rally over December and January might not have been real.”
Long before news of the subpoena, Bitfinex, which is believed to host more trading than any other bitcoin exchange in the world, had gained a reputation for a lack of transparency and a confusing structure, with European executives, offices in Asia and registration in the Caribbean.
It is not yet clear what information the regulators are seeking. Technically, the Tether tokens are issued by a separate company (called Tether) that is owned and operated by the same people who run Bitfinex. The CFTC subpoenaed that company at the same time that it subpoenaed Bitfinex, according to a person familiar with the matter.
Bitfinex has not commented on the subpoena or recent reports about Tether, and company officials did not respond to repeated requests for comment. In the past, the exchange's executives and spokesperson have said that its customers are simply using Tether to buy virtual currencies as they might otherwise use U.S. dollars.
Bitfinex had contracted with an American firm, Friedman, to audit its records and prove that its operation of Tether is above board. But last week, Bitfinex said it was cutting ties with Friedman, after waiting months for it to finish the audit. That news generated more suspicion.
“It's a signal to the market of what those who have scrutinized the situation already believe: There is a problem here,” said Jill Carlson, a former trader at Goldman Sachs who now consults with a variety of virtual currency companies. “The dissolution of a relationship between an auditor and a company is very rarely a good sign that the company is behaving in accordance with market best practices.”
The concern about Bitfinex is one of several issues that have helped depress the value of virtual currencies over the last month, after a roaring, yearlong rally. Regulators in several countries, such as South Korea and the United States, have expressed concerns about manipulation and fraud, and hinted at a crackdown.
In Japan, a large virtual currency exchange, Coincheck, was hacked in late January and lost nearly $500 million (U.S.) worth of a virtual currency known as NEM, raising questions about the relatively untested security practices of virtual currency exchanges.
Still, Japan is one of the few places where virtual currency exchanges are overseen by regulators. Many of the largest virtual currency exchanges, including Bitfinex, operate with essentially no regulatory oversight.
Bitfinex was hacked in 2015 and again in 2016, and Tether was hacked at the end of last year — with the combined losses totalling more than $100 million.
The company shared few details about these hacks. But after the biggest theft, in 2016, it was cut off by Wells Fargo and its banks in Taiwan.
The banking problems have made it hard for customers to get money in and out of Bitfinex, but traders have continued to use the exchange, in part because of Tether.
Tether offered a preliminary report last year from Friedman, the accounting firm, suggesting that it had bank accounts with dollars corresponding to all the Tether that had been issued. But the report was far from conclusive and Tether has never produced a real audit, leading to suspicions that Bitfinex may be printing virtual money backed by nothing.
The Tether currency has been valuable to traders because it allows them to hold a stable token, tied to the value of the dollar, and move it quickly between virtual currency exchanges.
But there is a downside. Because the identity of Tether holders is not always clear, the movement of the virtual token between exchanges — and across national borders — has raised concerns among lawyers about money laundering. The spread of Tether beyond Bitfinex has also spread the risk of its failure to other exchanges.
Market analysts have grown particularly concerned with the rapid pace at which new Tether have been issued and their timing. In a single week in mid-January, $450 million new Tether were created, bringing the total amount of Tether to more than $2 billion.
Several anonymous reports circulating among traders, including one posted to a website last week, have pointed to data from Bitfinex itself, showing the price of bitcoin has frequently gone up soon after new Tether were created, generally as a result of big trades on Bitfinex.
“This absolutely reeks of price manipulation,” a security researcher and market analyst, Tony Arcieri, wrote on his blog in mid-January.
Many investors and traders have pushed back against that criticism, noting that smart traders simply may be looking to buy when the markets are down.
“My personal biases make me inclined to believe that Bitfinex is not using Tether to manipulate the price of Bitcoin,” said Jeremy Gardner, a managing partner at the investment firm Ausum Ventures. “If they have attempted to do so, which would be deeply concerning, it's hard to imagine that such fraudulent issuance at its current volume could single-handedly buoy the price of bitcoin.”
But Krug, at Pantera Capital, said that if Tether were really being used by investors, they would probably also want to buy new Tether when the markets were going up, which has not been the case. Also, they would not always want it in exact increments of $100 million, as has been the case.
“After you see this enough times, you just start to wonder what's really going on here,” Krug said.
The bitcoin community is sensitive to the possibility of price manipulation because a team of academics published an article in early January suggesting that the price of bitcoin was artificially inflated in 2013 by a single player operating on the largest exchange at the time, Mt. Gox.
One of the author's of that paper, Tyler Moore, said it could be hard to tell if similar price manipulation were going on today, though he noted that a lack of transparency made it hard for anyone to be certain of anything.
“Greater assurances are needed that the trades taking place are in fact legitimate and reflect buying and selling by independent actors,” said Moore, an assistant professor at the University of Tulsa. “Unless and until such oversight is implemented, we cannot trust the exchange rate to reflect only legitimate sources of supply and demand.”
Reports: U.S. Intercepted Calls Between Trump Campaign Staff And Russian Intelligence
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
Reports: U.S. Intercepted Calls Between Trump Campaign Staff And Russian Intelligence Listen · 7:15 7:15
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
Reports: U.S. Intercepted Calls Between Trump Campaign Staff And Russian Intelligence Listen · 7:19 7:19
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
General Overseer of Christ Mercyland Deliverance Ministries, Warri, Prophet Jeremiah Omoto Fufeyin, was captured in a viral video trying to reduce a female congregant weight with prayers.
Fufeyin was seen praying hard for the obese woman to lose weight.
Video shows Prophet Fufeyin of Christ Mercyland Deliverance Ministries, Warri, reducing a congregant's weight spiritually.
In July, the warri based cleric was seen in another viral video where he asked his male congregants to handpick their spouses in the church.
Along with expansion in Germany, Microsoft said it's planning new data centres for Switzerland and its first cloud facilities in the Middle East more ...
Toronto FC defender Nick Hagglund will be out of action for six to eight weeks with a left medial collateral ligament sprain.
Hagglund suffered the injury in the first half of Toronto's 4-1 Major League Soccer home win against the Portland Timbers on Saturday. Hagglund was chasing down a Timbers attacker when he fell awkwardly and caught his left leg underneath his body.
The 24-year-old Hagglund had torn the same ligament on May 13, and was making just his second start since returning.
Toronto returns to action Saturday at Chicago.
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): An iconic Fort Wayne restaurant will close at the end of the year.
The Rib Room, located at 1235 E State Boulevard, will shut down. However, there are plans to reopen the location under a new name, according to our partners in news at ABC 21. The new restaurant will also have a different dining concept, but not many other details have been released regarding the new space.
This is not the first time The Rib Room has closed its doors. In October 2015, the owners closed up shop due to sagging sales. The longtime Fort Wayne institution returned in the early months of 2016, but then closed again November 2016 only to reopen under new ownership.
RELATED: The Rib Room Closes Its Doors After Nearly 60 Years
The Rib Room's history dates to the late 1950s and is currently owned by Matt, Kurt, and Chris Henry
RELATED: The Rib Room is making a comeback in Fort Wayne
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):Pakistan's ambassador to Republic of Kosovo (resident in Ankara), Muhammad Syrus Sajjad Qazi has presented his credentials to Kosovo's President Hashim Thaci in a graceful and dignified ceremony held at the Office of the President of Kosovo in Pristina.
According to a press release received here Wednesday, ambassador Qazi conveyed heartfelt sentiments and warm wishes on behalf of the President of Pakistan Mamnoon Hussain as well as the people of Pakistan for the peace and prosperity of the brotherly people of Kosovo.
President Thaci thanked the people and the government of Pakistan for their warm sentiments and support. Both sides expressed the desire to expand bilateral relations in all areas of mutual interest on the occasion.
The ambassador also called on the deputy prime minister of Kosovo Enver Hoxhaj and reiterated Pakistan's support for all efforts aimed towards peace and stability in the Balkans.
Views were also exchanged on issues of regional and international importance during the meeting.
Later, in the meeting with the foreign minister of Kosovo Behgjet Isa Pacolli, the entire spectrum of Kosovo-Pakistan bilateral relations came under discussion.
Both sides reiterated their commitment to institutionalize bilateral contacts in various areas of cooperation, and to expand the scope of the bilateral collaboration to include new avenues in the realm of political, economic, commercial, cultural, and educational fields.
The ambassador also held a meeting with the president of the Assembly of Republic of Kosovo Kadri Veseli and underlined that parliamentary diplomacy could play an important role in forging stronger relations between the two countries.
The need for exploring the possibility for the establishment of a Pakistan-Kosovo Parliamentary Friendship Group in the respective Parliaments was also agreed during the meeting.
In his meeting with the minister of Economy of Kosovo Valdrin Lluka the two sides reached an understanding on evolving institutional mechanisms to promote economic and commercial cooperation as well as to enhance awareness about trade and investment opportunities.
Ambassador Syrus Sajjad Qazi also held a meeting with the president of the Kosovo Chamber of Commerce Safet Gerxhaliu during which the two sides agreed to promote interactions between the Chambers of Commerce of the two countries, including the possible establishment of Pakistan-Kosovo Business Council.
This time of year is a good time to remember traditions that remind us of generations who came before us. One of the best culture keepers in this region was an Ellis County historian named Lawrence Weigel. He visited my classes each year in the early 90s to share tales about the Volga German customs involving Christ Kind, Belznickel, and New Year wϋnsching (winching) traditions with high school freshmen. Nodding heads confirmed that some youngsters' families still practiced these Old World activities.
At the same time, puzzled faces and blank looks revealed that others were clueless about such customs. My own Volga German family didn't pass on these stories so I was thrilled to learn them. Every January 1, I think of Mr. Weigel's anecdotes about families calling on one another on the New Year to share wishes for health, long life, good luck, peace and health, and eternal happiness after death.
As only a beloved grandfather figure can, our lecturer described a festive day of visiting, feasting, and a bit of tippling. Part of this practice involved parents teaching youngsters to recite a wish that ran something like this passage I found online, “ Ich wϋnsche euch ein glϋckseliges Neues Jahr. Langes Leben. Gesϋndheit. Fried und Einigkeit. Und nach dem Tod, ewig Glϋckseligkeit.” As families traveled door-to-door or farm-to-farm, children lucky to be the first visitor or a beloved relative earned a coin for their efforts along with a handful of nuts or sweets. I've listened to more than one elder tell stories of reciting this rhyme to collect spending money. Recalling such memories always brought a sparkle to their eyes and a lilt to their voices.
According to Mr. Weigel, this occasion was also a day for young men old enough to marry to court available local maidens. If I recollect correctly, he explained the Romeos announced their arrival with a shotgun blast to the sky. I'm not sure how romantic that was, but young women possessing several color-coded ribbons eagerly awaited noisy suitors. I can imagine girls biting lips and pinching cheeks to increase their rosy tint on an already cold morning. I'm guessing a certain amount of shy smiling and foot shuffling took place as well since adults and younger siblings stood nearby to supervise the show. Girls would pin their good will tokens on callers' lapels, saving a particular color for a special fellow. I'd love to hear one of these stories firsthand.
Storekeepers certainly would've encouraged this custom since so many families produced much of their only holiday food rather than buying it. Despite their customers' self-sufficient natures, demand for ammo and fripperies at the local mercantile would've increased merchant bank deposits during days leading up to this holiday.
This time of year on social media, I see folks sending one another this New Year greeting. I hope area families continue to share customs that crossed the sea and traveled overland with their ancestors. These are little traditions, yet they remind us of brave forebearers who left the familiar to offer descendants a better life. Many of us can honestly say this centuries old good luck wish has worked out well.
Native Kansan Karen Madorin is a local writer and retired teacher who loves sharing stories about places, people, critters, plants, food, and history of the High Plains.
Mr Fani-Kayode Reacting, Fani-Kayode has reacted to the ultimatum given him by Mr Rotimi Amaechi to retract his statement linking him to the $43m found in Ikoyi by the EFCC.
This was contained in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media, Jude Ndukwe, said: “We have been inundated with calls concerning about a threat by Rotimi Amaechi to sue Chief Fani-Kayode for defamation over the $43 million issue.
‘'We are not in any sleep over this matter. We have not received any court processes or letters from Amaechi but when we do so, our lawyers will respond vigorously and appropriately.'' I'm not aware of any suit .
Also reacting, Special Assistant to Ekiti State Governor on Public Communications and New Media, Lere Olayinka, said he was not aware of any suit originating from Mr Amaechi. Olayinka said: “I am not aware of any letter, I am not aware of any suit.”
During the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) press conference last week, one exchange stood out. Asked about a meeting scheduled by the finance ministry in New Delhi to discuss the RBI's policy, the governor of India's central bank, Urjit Patel, replied: “The meeting did not take place. All the MPC members declined the request of the finance ministry for that meeting.”
The MPC is the Monetary Policy Committee, a six-member council that sets India's benchmark interest rates. It's a new institution, less than a year old; Patel's predecessor, Raghuram Rajan, had full authority to set interest rates himself. But it seems India's government is not as comfortable as many had hoped with this new arrangement—summoning the MPC members to the finance ministry before they decided rates was widely seen as an attempt to interfere in their decision.
So it's a great relief that the RBI stood firm. Its independence has been questioned of late, partly because of the circumstances in which Rajan left, under pressure from lawmakers in New Delhi, and partly because of its supine acceptance of the government's controversial decision in November to withdraw 86% of India's currency from circulation. The government should never have asked for the meeting; but, given that it did, the members of the MPC were right to refuse.
Also read: India's war of the Mandarins leaves companies as victims
In any case, they knew what the government was likely to say: “Please, for the love of God, cut rates.” India is confronting a growth slowdown that is born, most agree, out of a sustained crisis in private investment. It doesn't take a meeting with the government for the MPC to know that. Yet it has ignored the pleas of officials—and of many in the private sector—and kept rates steady.
This determination emerges from another relatively recent reform: an agreement between the central bank and the government to shift to targeting consumer price inflation. A clear goal for the RBI—rather than a vague admonition that it should care about growth, prices and the exchange rate all at once—adds to its independence and clarifies its approach to monetary policy. But the government has grown increasingly frustrated. After all, not only is growth slowing, but the RBI has refused to reduce interest rates even as the inflation rate has fallen to historic lows.
Some argue that the MPC is simply ignoring or misreading the evidence. Even the RBI had to admit that its inflation forecast for the first quarter was off by an unusually large 1.4 percentage points. But it's not as if the RBI has completely ignored inflation dynamics: It revised its forecast for consumer price inflation sharply downward for the six months from April to September, from 4.5% to between 2% and 3.5%. That's well below its target rate of 4%.
So why didn't it cut rates? Two reasons. First, because this decrease in the inflation rate is probably one of the after-effects of the cash shortage. That caused prices for agricultural goods, especially the food staples that dominate India's consumer price index, to crash. The RBI worries that these effects are transient—which is, of course, the government's own view about the negative effects of “demonetisation,” as it's called.
And second, because the RBI feels the government isn't doing its job. Its statement last week was unusually blunt: “The current state of the economy underscores the need to revive private investment, restore banking sector health and remove infrastructural bottlenecks. Monetary policy can play a more effective role only when these factors are in place. Premature action at this stage risks disruptive policy reversals later and the loss of credibility.”
In other words, the RBI simply doesn't trust the government to take the measures needed to end India's investment crisis. The members of the MPC clearly feel that reviving investment is the government's job, not theirs.
Frankly, they aren't wrong. The government should never have summoned the RBI's decision-makers, because it looked like interference. But even more than that, the government needs to accept that a deus ex machina won't be saving India when it comes to growth. The central bank isn't going to swoop in from Mumbai and make things right. Its remit is inflation. The government's problem is reform. Rather than asking for meetings with the Monetary Policy Committee, the finance ministry should be hammering on the doors of other ministries in New Delhi, asking why the pace of reform is so slow. Bloomberg
Hello it's the fun police! Were you having a nice time engaging in nostalgia about the death of AOL Instant Messenger? Was it fun to look back on your old AIM login, how young you were, KrazyKat99, without a care in the world?
Yes, we at TechCrunch were also tempted to indulge in this requisite millennial nostalgia exercise! I do not blame you, but I will warn you.
Sharing old credentials online is a bad idea. From a security perspective, old AOL logins are a potential goldmine of personal details for anyone trying to hack your accounts. You may think that because your old AIM screen name is ancient that it isn't of use to anyone trying to hack you, but you'd be wrong.
All good things come to an end. On Dec 15, we'll bid farewell to AIM. Thank you to all our users! #AIMemories https://t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM (@aim) October 6, 2017
A lot of the screen names I've seen floating around contain things like pet names, important dates, hobbies and other personal identifying information that we'd be wise not to share in the open online. That kind of stuff, if not implicated in your current or past login/password combos, could be the missing piece for someone cracking a security question on one of your accounts. Particularly because security questions so often ask us things that longitudinally remain true throughout a lifetime, like your best friend's name or your high school mascot. Sure, a hacker might be able to find these personal details a different way, but by sharing your info on Twitter or wherever else, you've just made it searchable within seconds.
Furthermore, your old login information might still be searchable and connected to other online handles and identifying info. Remember that we didn't worry as much about repeating weak passwords and publicizing our login info way back in the glory days of AIM. For example, I searched one of my own AIM screen names from way back when and found pictures of the inside of my freshman year dorm on a message board service that I have no recollection of even belonging to. Creepy. It was a long time ago!
To protect yourself online, we recommend using two-factor authentication (2FA) that uses a local method — not SMS — to let you and only you into your accounts, whenever available. Beyond that, one of the most important things you can do is to shift your way of thinking: It's not a matter of if you get hacked, it's a matter of when. Until that day comes, and it very well already may have, do everything in your power to mitigate the risk.
Israel Aerospace teams with Czech co Aero Vodochody on jets
2018-04-24 20:44 | www.trend.az | 2
Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. (IAI) has signed a partnership agreement for technical and marketing cooperation with Czech aircraft manufacturer Aero Vodochody, which specializes in military light jets, Globes reports.
The cooperation draws on the tradition and experience of Aero Vodochody in the field of military light jet aircraft, the L-159 proven robust platform which has been successfully operated and tested in NATO joint operations, Red Air exercises and real combat missions, and IAI's innovative and cutting-edge technologies.
The partners have agreed to integrate new state-of-the-art avionics and other solutions, on the L-159 platform , and to jointly market the aircraft. This approach is focused on further strengthening the already proven L-159 and enhance its position in the light attack market.
Aero Vodochody president & CEO Giuseppe Giordo said, "Together with IAI, Aero will be ready to offer aircraft with the best available technology. The agreement brings us together with a strong international partner with access to new potential customers."
A makeshift memorial of flowers and a photo of victim, Heather Heyer, sits in Charlottesville, Va., Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Heyer died when a car rammed into a group of people who were protesting the presence of white supremacists who had gathered in the city for a rally. (Photo: Steve Helber / AP)
Richmond, Va. — The mother of the woman killed when a car plowed into a crowd of people protesting a white nationalist rally in Virginia said she doesn't want people to be angry about her daughter's death. Instead, she said she wants people to continue her daughter's fight against injustice in a peaceful way.
“I miss her so, so much, but I'm going to make her death worth something,” Susan Bro told The Associated Press in an interview Monday.
Bro described her daughter, Heather Heyer, as a courageous, stubborn, and principled woman who was a firm believer in justice and equality who died Saturday for those beliefs. Bro said she would prefer to grieve in private, but felt compelled to try to follow her daughter's example.
“Let's take from her death that we're going to move forward in conversation. We're going to move forward in understanding and listening to one another and seeing how we can come together,” Bro said.
Heyer, 32, was among the hundreds of protesters who had gathered in Charlottesville to decry what was believed to be the largest gathering of white supremacists in a decade — including neo-Nazis, skinheads and Ku Klux Klan members — who descended on the city to rally against plans to remove a Confederate statue.
Felicia Correa, a longtime friend of Heyer, said the slain woman was a “true American hero.”
Heyer grew up in Greene County and worked as a legal assistant at a law firm. Her boss, Larry Miller, said the young woman was active in the firm's bankruptcy practice and had a “big heart.”
“She cares about the people we take care of. Just a great person,” he said.
Two state troopers - Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M. M. Bates - also died when their helicopter crashed in a wooded area while deployed as part of a large-scale police effort to contain Saturday's violence. They were remembered for their commitment and love of their jobs.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe knew both troopers personally and expressed grief over their deaths. McAuliffe frequently uses state police aircraft to travel the state and said Cullen, 48, had been one of his regular pilots. Before joining the aviation unit, Bates has been a member of the state trooper team that guards the governor and his family.
“It was personal to me,” McAuliffe said Sunday morning at a church service. “We were very close.”
Cullen was a 23-year veteran of the department and head of the aviation unit. He is survived by his wife and two sons. Berke joined the department in 2004, and is survived by his wife, a son and a daughter.
“Both of them were great guys who loved what they were doing,” said Perry Benshoof, a retired trooper who worked with both.
Craig Bates said his younger brother had always wanted to serve others and to fly.
The younger Bates, who died one day short of his 41st birthday, worked for years as a trooper, first in Florida and then in Virginia. He'd recently gotten his pilot's license so that he could apply to work for the department's aviation unit. He got his wish, and joined the unit only last month.
“It was the culmination of a lot of dreams come true,” Craig Bates said. “This is something that he truly wanted to do. It was much too short but I'm grateful for the fact that he was able to do that.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w4iAPh
Barcelona will take a one-goal advantage to the Mestalla for the second leg of their Copa del Rey semi-final after a 1-0 win over Valencia in the Nou Camp.
Luis Suarez scored the only goal of the game, heading home Lionel Messi's cross at the back post via the arm of a defender.
Valencia had held firm up until Suarez broke the deadlock in the 67th minute but must now beat their illustrious opponents to reach the final.
See how the first leg unfolded below.
Barcelona: Cillessen, Roberto, Pique, Umtiti, Alba, Busquets, Iniesta, Rakitic, Vidal, Messi, Suarez
Valencia: Jaume, Montoya, Paulista, Vezo, Gayà, Carlos Soler, Parejo, Coquelin, Andreas Pereira, Vietto, Rodrigo
Trump warns Iran against restarting nuclear program
2018-04-24 20:30 | www.trend.az | 2
U.S. President Donald Trump warned Iran on Tuesday not to follow through with threats to restart its nuclear program, as he and French President Emmanuel Macron tried to find common ground on saving an international agreement on Iran's nuclear ambitions, Reuters reports.
Meeting Macron in the Oval Office, Trump heaped scorn on the 2015 nuclear accord negotiated by his predecessor, former president Barack Obama, and aimed at stopping Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.
Iran has said it will ramp up its nuclear program if the deal collapses and a senior Iranian official said on Tuesday that Tehran might quit a treaty designed to stop the spread of nuclear weapons if Trump scraps the agreement.
“If they restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they have ever had before,” Trump said without explaining what he meant.
Under the deal, Iran agreed to curb its nuclear ambitions in return for relief from economic sanctions. Tehran says its nuclear program is only for peaceful means.
KARACHI, Feb 15 (APP): The Exchange Rates Committee of Financial Markets Association of Pakistan issued the following exchange rates bulletin, here on Wednesday.
LIBOR FOR CALCULATING INTEREST ON SPECIAL US DOLLAR BONDS
VIDE SBP F.E. CIRCULAR NO.42 & 21.07.98 & 04.08.98 RESPECTIVELY.
LIBOR VALUE
6 MONTHS US DOLLAR 1.3379 15.02.17
CONVERSION RATES FOR 15TH FEBRUARY 2017 FOR FOREIGN CURRENCY
FOR FORWARD COVER FOR DEPOSITS (EXCLUDING FE-25 DEPOSITS)
SBP SETTLEMENT VALUE DATE FEBRUARY 17, 2017.
USD 104.8105
GBP 130.8559
EUR 111.2773
JPY 0.9229
Mrs. Loretta Nell Brown Morgan, 83, of Cleveland passed away peacefully on December 30, 2016.
Visitation will be 1-2 p.m. Thursday, January 5, 2017, at Ray Funeral Home.
A Celebration of Life Services will immediately follow beginning at 2 p.m. Thursday, January 5, 2017, at Ray Funeral Home with Rev. Larry Braswell officiating. Interment will be in New Cleveland Cemetery.
Mrs. Morgan was born on August 23, 1933, in Cleveland to Scott Brown and Jessie Gilmer Brown. On November 5, 1949, she married Ralph Lee Morgan in Shelby.
She is preceded in death by her parents Scott and Jessie Brown; brothers, Earnest Brown and Jack Brown; sons-in-law, Donald McMurry and Robbie Whitt; and grandson, Chris Roberson.
Mrs. Morgan is survived by her daughter Patty McMurry of Cleveland, Vicki Brooke of Cleveland, MS, and Scottie Morgan (Vickie) of Searcy, AR; sister, Betty Tekulve; grandsons, Ryan McMurry, Ty McMurry, Chandler Roberson, Tylor Roberson, and Chaz Roberson; and granddaughters, Austin Brooke, Lindsay Brooke and Morgan McMurry.
To view and sign the online guestbook, go to www.rayfuneralhome.net
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Continued innovation demands sustainable investment, but changing U.S. public policies on technology standards and patents may shut it down.
advertisement
Our world faces challenges more intricate and abstract today than at any previous point in history. As these challenges grow ever more tangled and complex, governments and businesses strive to create innovative technological solutions.
Unfortunately, creativity is not a matter of will. And the need for solutions is not itself sufficient to bring them about. Innovation demands the proper conditions — a balanced mix of flexibility and stability, spontaneity and forethought, risk and return. Increasingly, these conditions are under threat from the very institutions that have come to rely most heavily on the technologies they produce. The patent system and the standards system — two vital contributors to U.S. economic growth and consumer prosperity, that have together kindled a generation of unparalleled technological advancement — are being wrongly targeted by regulators, academics, and special interests as impediments to future progress.
A movement has taken hold in the United States and elsewhere to reduce the benefits of patent protection and to limit royalties available to technology inventors who contribute their innovations to industry standards.1 This movement has gained traction in courts, universities and boardrooms based on the mistaken belief that inventor protections increase the cost of standards-based consumer technologies. In fact, the opposite is true,2 and public policies aimed at weakening the patent and standards systems risk stalling the pace of technological advancement.
It is far from granted that technological progress will continue at recent rates. The social, regulatory, and financial headwinds faced by inventors intensify every year. Absent the legal and economic conditions required to continually foster innovation, there is no reason to believe technological progress will continue at any particular pace, and serious cause for concern that the promises of the fourth industrial revolution will go unfulfilled.
Take the extraordinary potential of 5G wireless systems — steadily moving from the abstract promise of “next-generation” technology to concrete and widespread use — to connect drivers with roads and other vehicles around them, to connect patients with medical practitioners, and to digitize industries across a vast spectrum of commercial endeavors. Shared industry standards are necessary to make these communications instantaneous, reliable and secure, but their future is threatened by an economic and regulatory system that increasingly favors technology implementers to the detriment of technology creators.
Already a member? Sign In Not a member? Member Free 3 Free Articles per month, $6.50/article thereafter. Free newsletter. Subscriber $75/yr. US Unlimited digital content, quarterly magazine, free newsletter, entire archive.
BEIJING (China) April 17 (APP): China and the US should tap the
potential for cooperation under the One Belt, One Road (B&R) initiative, taking the multi-billion dollar China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) as a starting point.
China is overtaking the US as the largest foreign investor in Pakistan.
The US has been gradually losing its dominance of foreign direct investment into the South Asian nation at a time when the Pakistani economy is steadily improving, according to an article published in daily ‘Global Times' here on Monday.
The UK and some other countries are currently eyeing investment
opportunities in Pakistan and have expressed an interest in partnering with the CPEC, which is a flagship project of the B&R initiative, but the US has lagged behind.
Washington's sceptical attitude toward China's B&R initiative is one of
the reasons why US companies have yet to take a bigger share of Pakistan's burgeoning market. In this context, China and Pakistan could encourage enterprises' cooperation to allow more US firms to participate in major infrastructure projects under the CPEC.
Companies from China and the US share great potential for cooperation in
fields like the green energy sector and it can be expected that business success achieved by US firms in the South Asian country will eventually influence Washington's attitude toward the CPEC.
We believe that China, which is a latecomer among big powers including
the US in terms of developing economic ties with Pakistan, will be happy to see more US firms take part in projects under the CPEC. US companies' rich experience in investment in the South Asian country could boost the progress of the CPEC.
As for Pakistan, it is clear that Islamabad also hopes its cooperation
with Beijing will have a positive effect in persuading other countries to increase their investment in the country.
With its efforts in stepping up industrialization along the CPEC,
Pakistan is integrating itself into the global industrial chain.
Although Asia's integration will be a very slow process, reconstruction
of the Asian industrial chain is likely to reshape the global economic landscape. Countries who refuse to participate in the process will suffer as a result.
Hopefully the decreased presence of US investment in Pakistan will ring
alarm bells for Washington to rethink its strategy toward the CPEC and other projects in China's B&R initiative.
EDINBURG, Texas (AP) -- Police in Texas acting on a tip found 16 immigrants locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a gas station about 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the border with Mexico, less than a month after 10 people died in the back of a hot truck in San Antonio.
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino says the immigrants may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler in Edinburg for at least eight hours before being freed by officers late Sunday morning. He had earlier said there were 17 immigrants locked in the tractor-trailer before correcting the number on Monday to 16.
Trevino said none of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention. He said they were hungry and thirsty and were given food and water at the scene.
Those found locked in the tractor-trailer included eight people from El Salvador, six from Mexico and two from Romania, said Manuel Padilla, U.S. Customs and Border Protection's Border Patrol sector chief for the Rio Grande Valley at Texas' southernmost point.
A man and woman who Trevino said are Cuban nationals were in charge of the rig and have been detained.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Nina Pruneda said no one has been charged yet in connection with the case but that the agency is working with state and local officials and talking to witnesses.
The discovery comes three weeks after 10 people died in a sweltering rig parked at a Walmart in San Antonio. Immigration officials say survivors estimated 100 people had been packed into the back of the 18-wheeler at one point. Officials said 39 people were inside when rescuers arrived, and the rest either escaped or hitched rides to their next destination. Nearly 20 of those rescued from the rig were hospitalized in dire condition, many suffering from extreme dehydration and heatstroke. The driver of that rig remains in federal custody, charged with illegally transporting immigrants for financial gain, resulting in death.
On Sunday, Edinburg police went to the gas station, a popular stopover for commercial truck drivers traveling through the region, after receiving an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer. Officers began knocking on the sides of trailers parked at the station and eventually received return knocks from the one holding the immigrants, police said.
The San Antonio incident demonstrated how smugglers regularly use big rigs in an elaborate network of foot guides, safe house operators and drivers. The immigrants discovered in San Antonio had been divided into groups and marked with color-coded tape. Six black SUVs were waiting at one transit point to take some to their destinations.
Authorities have not said if similar arrangements had been made for the immigrants found in Edinburg, about 230 miles (370 kilometers) south of San Antonio.
Trevino said that they discovered the immigrants after one of the people locked in the tractor-trailer called a relative in Mexico. The relative then called authorities.
Padilla declined to say if Sunday's incident was related to the San Antonio case, citing the ongoing investigation. But he said authorities had stopped more than 30 tractor-trailers since October in the Rio Grande Valley. That doesn't include Laredo, the Texas border city where authorities say the driver of the trailer in the San Antonio case said he stopped twice on his journey.
"You don't know how many you miss," Padilla told The Associated Press on Monday. "But ... the use of tractor-trailers to smuggle people out of this area is higher in South Texas, to include Laredo, than any other area along the border. And it goes right back to a weak border."
Most people apprehended crossing the United States' southern border are caught in the Rio Grande Valley, which includes more than 300 miles (480 kilometers) of the Rio Grande, the river separating the United States and Mexico.
Border apprehensions have risen each month since falling in April to a 17-year low.
Tractor-trailers emerged as a popular smuggling method in the early 1990s amid a surge in U.S. border enforcement in San Diego and El Paso, Texas, which were then the busiest corridors for illegal crossings. Before that, people paid small fees to mom-and-pop operators to get them across a largely unguarded border. As crossing became exponentially more difficult after the 2001 terror strikes in the U.S., migrants were led through more dangerous terrain and paid thousands of dollars more.
EDMONTON—A power outage hit more than 5,000 customers and shut off traffic lights during the evening rush hour on Wednesday.
At 5:16 p.m., EPCOR reported the outage in the neighbourhoods of Central McDougall and Queen Mary Park.
The fishermen also demanded that the centre declare the calamity as a national disaster. Photo: PTI
Thiruvananthapuram: Thousands of fishermen on Monday took out a march to Raj Bhavan in Thiruvananthapuram, demanding a coordinated search operation to trace missing fishermen and a visit by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Cyclone Ockhi-hit areas even as the toll rose to 42.
The fishermen from coastal villages in the district, under the aegis of the Latin Catholic church also demanded that the centre declare the calamity as a national disaster. The protesters, waving black flags and photos of the dead and missing fishermen, walked about 2km from Palayam to Raj Bhavan, raising slogans—bringing the traffic to a standstill on the busy stretch.
Addressing the gathering, Latin Catholic church head, archbishop Soosai Pakiyam, who led the march, said it was a matter of grave concern that still the authorities “are unable to come out with the exact number of fishermen missing in the cyclone”. He wanted a coordinated effort by the fisheries department, marine enforcement and coast guard, to trace the missing men, who had put out to sea on 29-30 November, when the cyclone struck the state.
The toll in the cyclone and rain-related incidents rose to 42 on Monday with the recovery of two more bodies, about 100-150 nautical miles from the shore between Vizhinjam and Kochi, official sources said. The search operations by multiple agencies to trace the missing fishermen entered the 11th day on Monday. On Sunday, the fishermen in the coastal villages of Vizhinjam, Poonthura, Pozhiyur and Adimalathura had observed a day of prayer and sought central funds for rehabilitation of the affected families.
A message, read out during the special prayer meetings in the churches, had said the cyclone should be declared as a national disaster and urged the centre to provide more funds for rehabilitation of the victims. As per the figures released by the Latin Church, more than 300 fishermen were still missing, while official estimate of the missing men is 95.
The state government has also demanded a financial assistance of Rs1,834 crore from the centre in view of the loss suffered due to the cyclone. On 9 December, the government had requested the navy, the coast guard and the Indian air force to continue the search operations for the missing fishermen for another 10 days.
KARL BURKE says stable star Laurens will bid to add her Group One tally in the French Oaks next month.
PJ McDonald's mount won her second race at the elite level when landing the Prix Saint-Alary at Paris-Longchamp last Sunday in a hard-fought finish.
Now the Prix de Diane Longines at Chantilly on June 17 – France's equivalent of the Oaks – is on the agenda for a front-running filly who was second in Newmarket's 1000 Guineas earlier this month.
Run over an extended mile and a quarter, the Leyburn trainer will then decide whether owner John Dance's horse of a lifetime should step up in trip for races like the Yorkshire Oaks and Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Burke told The Yorkshire Post that the filly has shown no ill-effects from a race that required great resolution to fend off the persistent challenge of With You.
“She's arrived back in great condition,” he said. “I am very happy with her.
“She loved it, the ground was perfect, just on the soft side of good.
“We will know a lot more after the Prix de Diane, whether we step up to a mile and a half or stay at a mile and a quarter.
“The Yorkshire Oaks is very much the plan if we step up and she's in the Arc at the end of the year.”
Meanwhile, Take Cover is set to head to Ireland for his next race before embarking upon two treble attempts.
Trainer David Griffiths is targeting the Listed Midsummer Sprint Stakes at Naas on June 18 after he shaped well behind Battaash in the Temple Stakes at Haydock on Saturday, on his first start since winning at Dundalk in October.
After that, the plan is for Take Cover to go for the City Walls Stakes at York on July 14, which he won in 2014 and 2017, and then bid for a third success in the King George Stakes at Glorious Goodwood on August 3. He lifted that Group Two dash in 2014 and 2016.
“He's had his normal, first-time-out race in the Temple Stakes and wasn't beaten far. He's come out of the race fine,” said Bawtry-based Griffiths.
Wild Illusion heads nine runners declared for tomorrow's Investec Oaks at Epsom.
Fourth in the 1000 Guineas, the task facing trainer Charlie Appleby's charge – the mount of William Buick – has been made easier by the absence of Aidan O'Brien's Magical.
Her rivals include Give And Take who won York's Musidora Stakes, a key trial, for Skipton-born trainer William Haggas and jockey James Doyle.
By Ed Rogers
Special to The Washington Post
Just as the cloaking media fog created by the Obama administration has begun to fade, former president Barack Obama is reportedly planning his reemergence into the political arena. Good - it seems to be perfect timing, as he has some explaining to do. Specifically, the willfully hidden deficiencies and delusions of the Obama administration's foreign policy are emerging as some of President Donald Trump's most consequential and urgent problems. Forgive me if this piece runs a little long, but any discussion of Obama's foreign policy blunders does not lend itself to brevity.
For starters, circumstances with Cuba and North Korea are the result of Obama-era blunders and the suppression of truth. Happy to help their liberal icon who could do no wrong, much of the mainstream media was compliant in publishing Obama's spin. Now, the problems are reemerging and they are more dangerous and urgent than Obama and crew wanted us to believe.
Also, it was discovered that in 2016, a possible "acoustic attack" targeted U.S. diplomatic staff in Havana. According to the Associated Press, American diplomats in Cuba have developed "severe hearing loss attributed to a covert sonic device." Some have even been sent back to the United States. While it remains publicly unknown who planned and executed the possible attack, the fact is that Obama and his administration withheld crucial information from the public. And it appears they did nothing in response to the apparent targeting of on our own people. They certainly didn't sound the alarm and demand answers from their Cuban friends. Why would that be? The only answer is that they wanted Obama's opening to Cuba to appear wise and unblemished, and they wanted to sugarcoat or ignore Cuba's sinister behavior.
Meanwhile in North Korea, the Obama administration failed to prevent further progress from being made on the Kim regime's nuclear weapons program, to say the least. Citing a recent confidential assessment from the Defense Intelligence Agency, The Post reported last week that "North Korea has successfully produced a miniaturized nuclear warhead that can fit inside its missiles, crossing a key threshold on the path to becoming a full-fledged nuclear power." This was known as far back as 2011. Yet the Obama administration suppressed the news and kept selling its policy of "strategic patience." Turns out "strategic patience" in Asia was a lot like "leading from behind" in the Middle East. Specifically, the United States did nothing, much of the media applauded, our problems festered and now a deadly crisis is at hand.
And while we're at it, the Democrats and their allies in the media went on a crusade to confirm nonexistent manipulation of American intelligence when President George W. Bush invaded Iraq in 2003, but I can discern no similar effort by the usual suspects on the left to expose the fact that Obama hid the truth of North Korea's rapid development of its nuclear weapons. Much of the media is obsessing over President Trump's "fire and fury" remarks, but they are ignoring the fact that it was Obama who allowed North Korea to get to this dangerous point.
As troubling as these revelations are, they should not come as a surprise. They were typical. Remember, the Obama White House boasted about its ability to manipulate the media during its capitulation to Iran. According to The Post, "One of President Obama's top national security advisers, [Ben Rhodes,] led journalists to believe a misleading timeline of U.S. negotiations with Iran over a nuclear agreement and relied on inexperienced reporters to create an 'echo chamber' that helped sway public opinion to seal the deal." The administration preyed on naive reporters who were either sympathetic to Obama or too inexperienced to see right through the scam. And as a result, anyone in Congress - or in the public for that matter - who disagreed with the Iran nuclear agreement was made out to be a heretic and warmonger. Well, the deceptive ploy to hide the truth and sell the Iran deal wasn't just a one-off rogue operation from Team Obama. It was standard operating procedure.
Given what we now know about Cuba and North Korea, it is important to reveal other realities that Trump has to deal with that were under-reported during Obama's presidency. Just to mention a few: Iraq is a client state of Iran; Afghanistan is beyond the brink; Obama kept a zombie regime in place in Kabul that couldn't last a month without U.S. support, and most of the countryside is either under the control of the Taliban or under the control of local warlords of uncertain loyalty; anarchy reigns in Venezuela; and, southeast Asia thinks the United States has become unreliable or has departed altogether. To our allies in the Pacific, China is viewed as the future. This is directly the result of Obama-era weakness and neglect. Say what you will about President Trump, but none of these problems started on Inauguration Day in January.
Even before he was elected, Democrats and their allies in the media heralded Obama as the chosen one. He was coddled and protected. They swooned when he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. The mainstream media was heavily invested in Obama from Day One, and it never exposed the reality of the American decline that he was leaving in his wake. Cuba and Iran still have Obama to thank. And while rattled by much of what they have witnessed from this White House, most of the rest of the world is hoping for Washington to provide leadership and for the United States to reemerge.
The Philippine archipelago is blessed with so many islands that are home to pristine beaches and crystal clear waters. So when summer comes around, we no longer need to travel far to get a taste of some vitamin sea. All we need is a little trip around the country!
This is exactly why Viajecito is the perfect bag for you this summer. The carryall is especially designed "to blend fashion and function seamlessly during travel." Additionally, it is a bag "born out of the desire to create chic and cool pieces modified with a personal touch."
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/viajecitoph
Co-founder Pia Ugarte even assures that "you can take them anywhere from the beach to the boardroom, depending on the colors you choose." She adds, "We've even used the body as an ice bucket! They are really fun! No fuss!"
IMAGE INSTAGRAM/viajecitoph
With prices starting at P3000, we find this bag a steal for its versatility, practicality, comfort, and accessibility. Definitely fit for the fashionable traveler like you!
IMAGE Viajecito PH
Howard Stern, seen here in 2015, is being sued for invasion of privacy after broadcasting a confidential call between a taxpayer and an IRS agent on 'The Howard Stern Show.' ( Ben Hider / The Associated Press )
Judith Barrigas had a question about her taxes, so she called the IRS. The agency's switchboard connected her with Agent Jimmy Forsyth. They spoke for almost 45 minutes on May 19, 2015 about a potential misapplication of her tax refund in 2014. It appeared the agency had applied her refund to outstanding liabilities from 2011 and 2012, even though she already had a repayment agreement in place. Not exactly the stuff of thrilling radio. At some point during that call, though, Barrigas' phone began lighting up like a Skrillex concert. Phone calls and text messages began pouring in. Strangely, Barrigas didn't recognize the numbers. It wasn't until later that she solved the mystery. Now, she's suing the U.S., shock-jock Howard Stern and the Howard Stern Production Company on grounds of unlawful invasion of privacy and negligence, among other things.
Article Continued Below
Before taking Barrigas' call, Agent Forsyth had called into the “The Howard Stern Show,” a long-running talk show airing on Sirius XM satellite radio. The show often attempts to mine anything off-kilter (some, perhaps many, would say in poor taste) for laughs, from men faking orgasms with attractive women to having famous sportscasters prank call small market sports shows. It's unclear why, exactly, Forsyth had called into the show. He was placed on hold by a producer and remained in that limbo when he took Barrigas' call on a different line. Only, something happened. Perhaps the lines got crossed, or perhaps he used two different phones and the first picked up audio from the second. Either way, the producers at “The Howard Stern Show” found themselves listening to the private call between Forsyth and Barrigas.
Then, according to the complaint filed on Monday in Massachusetts District Court in Boston, they aired it. Among the personal information that was allegedly broadcast to some of Siruis XM's 30 million subscribers was Barrigas' phone number. The show's fans, either acting as a band of merry pranksters or attempting to save the woman further embarrassment, began calling and texting in droves to inform Barrigas of what was happening. “As soon as I heard of this information I just started to quiver, and had what I would call an out-of-body experience,” she told WBZ at the time. “I couldn't believe it. At first I thought it was a joke.” She said the IRS informed her this indeed happened, but not until it was reported by local media, despite her many calls to the agency. “Only upon notice from WCVB did the IRS begin an investigation into the matter and place Agent Forsythe on administrative leave,” the complaint stated. “My phone number is out there, my personal conversation, and I just feel terribly violated, and I feel like I'm in jeopardy that my credit information might be out there and I'm just totally devastated,” she told the station. In a statement to WBZ, the IRS stated, “We are aware of this troubling situation, and we are currently reviewing the matter. The IRS takes the confidentiality of taxpayer information very seriously, and we have high standards that we expect and require employees to follow.” The clip seems to have been removed from both YouTube and Stern's website, but a news report including a portion of the show is still online. In it, Stern can be heard yelling “Jimmy!” seemingly in an attempt to get the IRS agent's attention, while co-host Robin Quivers says, “If he's working we can't interrupt him.” According to the suit, as a result of the call being aired, Barrigas “has had difficulty sleeping and eating ... and has sought treatment as a result.” She also allegedly has “had difficulty finding employment in her field, as the wide airing and publication of her private tax matter has affected her employment search negatively.” Barrigas seeks both compensatory and punitive damages along with “reasonable attorneys' fees, statutory interest, and the costs of this action.” As of early Wednesday, neither the Howard Stern Production Company nor the IRS have released a statement or responded to media requests regarding the lawsuit.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nearly a year on from the EU referendum, much of Britain returns to the polls on Thursday May 4 to vote in a number of elections.
All Welsh and Scottish councils, as well as English county councils, between them have thousands of seats up for grabs.
Voters in main cities meanwhile will go to the polls to choose six new-style 'metro mayors', with a key Labour-Tory fight in the West Midlands.
Polls are open from 7am to 10pm - but if you suddenly find you can't get there, you may still be able to vote.
Here's how...
What happens if I can't vote?
You can apply to vote by proxy. The deadline for advance applications is usually 5pm, six working days before an election.
But in exceptional circumstances applications they are still accepted.
This means if you're unable to go to the polling station for medical emergencies, occupation, service, employment or disability - then you can get someone to do it for you.
You can apply for an emergency proxy vote up to 5pm on polling day.
What does by proxy mean?
It's a convenient way of voting if you are unable to get to the polling station.
Voting by proxy means that you appoint someone you trust to vote on your behalf.
It can be useful if you can't get to the polling station on election day, for example if you fall ill or you are abroad.
How do I vote by proxy?
To do this you must be registered to vote then you have until 5pm on election day to fill in an emergency form.
There are two forms you can access on these links; one for people with disabilities and another for occupation, service or employment .
You must give a reason why you need to vote by proxy and may need a qualified person to sign your application.
You may be able to deliver the form by hand or send a scan of the completed and signed form via email to your local authority.
Who can vote for me?
Any person you appoint if they are 18 or over and are registered individually.
A person cannot be a proxy for more than two people at one election, unless they are a close relative.
Close relatives are the spouse, civil partner, parent, grandparent, brother, sister, child or grandchild of the applicant.
How does postal voting work?
If you can't get to your polling station on May 4, you can also apply for a postal vote. This is a better idea if you're planning to be away, for example on holiday.
The council will send a ballot paper out to any address you choose - even overseas.
You just need to fill it in, choose which way you want to vote and send it back so it arrives before 10pm on the day of the election.
All the instructions are on the ballot paper.
You must apply by 5pm on Tuesday 18 April.
If you have any questions about voting by proxy, go to www.aboutmyvote.co.uk or contact your electoral registration office.
If you watch Our Girl, you may have noticed a fan favourite character has been missing for a few weeks now. Social media certainly has. In fact, Twitter has been awash with viewers wondering what happened to Fingers in Our Girl, and when the longstanding 2-Section team member will be returning to the show. I mean, seriously, where has he been?
With Georgie Lane and Captain James' relationship taking a turn for the rather interesting in recent episodes, not to mention new character Bones stepping into the spotlight, perhaps it's not surprising that Fingers (played by Sean Ward), has taken a back seat lately. But that hasn't stopped fans missing the mischievous Fingers, who's been a part of the show for five years. The 2-Section soldier has been the source of much of the squad's jokes and affectionate mickey-taking since series one, and many fans have felt it just hasn't been the same without him. So, where has he been?
Well, after previously revealing that he was interested in becoming part of special forces last series (aka the team that swoops in and cleans up all of 2-Section's messes, or at least that's what Bones would like to think anyway), Fingers was picked for selection. Great news for him, not so great news for fans, as his potential career change has already meant less screen time and could lead to even more stints away from his 2-Section pals.
Unfortunately, a move to special forces could mean less Fingers airtime for viewers to enjoy, as he'll only be around when his team is. And despite having significant overlap, and what Elvis and Georgie's complicated relationship history might have made it seem, SF and 2-Section are actually two completely separate teams.
That being said, Bones is part of special forces and viewers have certainly been seeing plenty of him this season, thanks to his undercover operation and the tension between him and Georgie. Either way, as there's only a few episodes of the current series left, Fingers fans most likely don't need to worry about him being transferred away during this run. Surely the producers wouldn't be cruel enough to deprive the show of his jokes for any more episodes.
Ou Girl/BBC
Well, the good news is, he's definitely back for the meantime. Fingers finally returns to Our Girl in Wednesday night's episode. He'll be joining the rest of 2-Section, who are back from Belize and missing a leader thanks to Georgie and Captain James' misguided rescue mission (resulting serious-looking leg injury). Now, the team are working in Rohingya refugee camps. Overseeing them in their new assignment is Bones, but his tough-talking management style doesn't have the same effect on the team as Captain James' more softly, softly approach. He's already been threatening to send one of them home and call out a replacement, but with one man down as it is, can he really afford to let go of another?
BBC on YouTube
Thanks to Georgie's questionable choices in previous episodes, her place on the team is looking far from assured. But the 2-Section squad may have bigger things to worry about as they find a suspect parcel under a chair at a charity gala. Yes that's right, 2-Section is getting all glamorous for an episode, or at least for a little bit before the inevitable knife-edge drama ensues.
Confused and can't wait to find out more? Me too. Unfortunately while Fingers and most of the gang (bar Captain James) will be back in this week's show, viewers have had to wait an extra day for their weekly slice of Our Girl action, as Tuesday's episode was delayed until Wednesday, thanks to the football. But it's just for one show, as it will be returning to it's regular Tuesday night slot next week.
Our Girl continues Wednesday July 4 at 9pm on BBC One.
Daniel Osei Tuffuor, the Executive Director of ExLA Group
The Executive Director of ExLA Group, Daniel Osei Tuffuor has debunked claims which seek to suggest that the current number of staffers for the Office of the President is on the high. Speaking in a radio interview on an Accra-based local radio station, Hot FM, the leader of ExLA Group begun by breaking down the numbers constituting the 998 Presidential Staffers by stating that out of the total number is an already employed public and civil servants who constitute 706 which the current government met with their roles already defined. Therefore, the actual number employed by the current administration is 292.
Further, he explained that every government ascends the Presidency with a vision and the Nana Addo led government is no exception. With the number of priority projects being undertaken by the Administration, it is not out of order for the President to decide to appoint more competent hands which he has confidence in to deliver his mandate hence the extra numbers.
While the current number of staffers may appear huge on paper considering the numbers used by the past administration, Daniel Osei Tuffuor, believes that dueling on the numbers alone would not help to advance meaningful arguments. “What is important is finding out the exact assigned responsibilities of the employees and whether or not they are delivering on their mandates”, he continued.
He then bemoaned the propaganda in the media that has sought to stuff all the 998 staffers to the Jubilee House. He emphasized that although the staffers are deemed to be working at the office of the President, many of them are with the ministries of State and other agencies which seek to foster the governments overall vision for the nation. He stated that acts of deliberate misinformation and misrepresentation would only thwart the progress of our nation and must not be entertained.
The moment we've been desperately waiting for has finally arrived: French President Emmanuel Macron and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau have begun their long-anticipated bromance. Tbh, it's the greatest thing to happen in International relations since, well, EVER.
Understandably, the Internet has had a total field day with the burgeoning friendship. I mean, it's not just Justin Trudeau we're talking about (a viral heartthrob in his own right), but liberal hottie Emmanuel Macron. Have we been watching too much CNN, or is this the political equivalent of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds? Also, keep in mind, J.T. and Emmanuel probably converse solely in French **SWOON**.
STEPHANE DE SAKUTIN/AFP/Getty
STEPHANE DE SAKUTIN/AFP/Getty
Anyway, scroll down below to allow the Twitter-verse to make your day.
Apparently Justin Trudeau and Emmanuel Macron flew to Sicily for their wedding photoshoot. pic.twitter.com/7trjOsXlfi — tessa (@sherlockify) May 26, 2017
In the beginning, God created Emmanuel Macron and Justin Trudeau. And God said, "Let there be Macreau", and there was Macreau. pic.twitter.com/TaJIOAfdBM — neen (@the_ns) May 26, 2017
Let's get an UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN reboot with Trudeau and Macron asap thx pic.twitter.com/p4se5jfHDR — Slade Sohmer (@Slade) May 26, 2017
can't believe Justin has proposed already pic.twitter.com/r1kovkdeV5 — Marie Le Conte (@youngvulgarian) May 26, 2017
Find yourself someone who looks at you the way Emmanuel Macron looks at Justin Trudeau. pic.twitter.com/kM7RpgXFEf — Amanda (@Pandamoanimum) May 26, 2017
RELATED: Justin Trudeau Dons Firefighter's Jacket, Ignites Twitter *Firestorm*
We need fan-fic, NOW.
The debate of what's Australian and what's Kiwi has long raged.
From the Pavlova to Phar Lap to Russell Crowe and a tonne of sports stars – it seems everything is up for debate when it comes claiming “she's Australian, mate!”.
And now, as the nationality of our Deputy Prime Minister comes into question, we thought it was worth taking a look at the origins of some of our most hotly-contested personalities and items.
Pavlova
Who knew a meringue-based dessert could inspire such debate! But oh how the debate has raged for years.
Finally, it has been decided (by powers higher than us) the inventors were the Kiwis.
Russell Crowe
Russell Crowe
Ahhhh Rusty. At times both Australia and New Zealand have claimed him, and unclaimed him.
But Crowe was born in Wellington, New Zealand, and moved to Australia when he was four.
Then he went back to the land of the long white cloud in his teens before returning to Australia in his twenties.
He remains a Kiwi to this day.
Crowded House
Crowded House
No debate here, even Neil Finn has said Crowded House is an Australian band. The band was founded here and two-thirds of those founding members were Australian.
ANZAC biscuits
Apparently, the biscuit as we know it today, was invented in New Zealand.
Phar Lap in New Mexico in 1932 with strapper Tommy Woodcock.
Phar Lap
This giant-hearted horse won fame and glory for Australia in the late 1920s and early 1930s but he was actually foaled in New Zealand.
Flat White
Apparently this debate is still raging. American coffee company Starbucks claims the Aussie invented this, but others say it was the Kiwis in the 1980s. Do you know the truth?
Keith Urban
Keith Urban
This Australian country singer with an American accent was actually born in New Zealand.
He moved to Queensland, Australia, when he was 17.
He moved to America in 1992.
Fred Hollows
Fred Hollows
This Australian legend was born in Dunedin, New Zealand.
Weet-Bix
Turns out Aussie kids are Weet-Bix kids. Phew!
Despite the cereal being manufactured in both Australia and New Zealand it was developed in Perth, Australia, in the 1920s.
Lamingtons. Photo: Edwina Pickles
Lamingtons
We don't see what the debate is about here, clearly it's an Aussie treat.
It is believed the square cakes were named after either Lord Lamington, who served as Governor of Queensland from 1896 to 1901, or his wife Lady Lamington.
Photo: AP Photo/Themba Hadebe
Quade Cooper
This Wallabies player was actually born in Auckland, New Zealand.
He moved to Australia as a 13-year-old.
Karmichael Hunt. Photo: AAP Image/Dave Hunt
Karmichael Hunt
Hunt is another Aussie rugby player born in Auckland, New Zealand.
He played for the Queensland Reds in the Rugby Union and previously played League for the Brisbane Broncos.
He jumped codes again in 2009 to play AFL.
James Tamou. Photo: Wolter Peeters
James Tamou
Rounding out the rugby players is Kiwi-born Tamou who plays for the Penrith Panthers in the NRL.
Brendan Julian. Photo: Tamara Dean
Brendan Julian
Julian was a fast-medium bowler on the Australian cricket team between 1993 and 1999, but he was actually born in New Zealand.
Archie Thompson. Photo: Vince Caligiuri
Archie Thompson
Another Kiwi playing sport in Australia, Thompson played soccer for Australia and for Murray United in the National Premier Leagues.
Now to test your knowledge
So you think you retained heaps of information from our list? Put your brain to the test here (and expect a few other curve balls!)
The latest Powerball drawing offers another jackpot for someone who holds a lottery ticket with the right numbers.
Here are Wednesday's winning numbers:
17-23-26-46-68, Powerball: 20, PowerPlay: 2x
The estimated jackpot is $60 million. The lump sum payment before taxes would be about $35.6 million. If there is no jackpot winner, the amount grows larger for the next drawing.
A single winning ticket worth $315 million was sold in New Jersey on May 19.
Powerball is held in 44 states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.
A $2 ticket gives you a one in 292.2 million chance at joining the hall of Powerball champions.
The drawings are held at 10:59 p.m. Eastern Wednesdays and Saturdays. Deadline to purchase tickets is 9:45 p.m.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Maryland is on track to change its definition of rape after a state delegate, whose fraternity brother was raped two decades ago, sought to change how the law describes sexual assaults. The change follows complaints from victims that some cases over the years weren't being taken seriously. On April 5, the General Assembly passed a bill ...
Local residents watch as Grenfell Tower is engulfed by fire Wednesday in west London. The fire ripped through the 24-story apartment block. (Photo: DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS / AFP/Getty Images)
London — They banged on Windows, screamed for help, dropped children from smoky floors in a desperate attempt to save them. Terrified residents of the Grenfell Tower said there was little warning of the inferno that engulfed their high-rise apartment building and left 12 people dead — a toll that officials said would almost certainly rise.
The blaze early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London's North Kensington district also injured 74 others, 18 of them critically, and left an unknown number missing. A tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire.
More than 200 firefighters worked through the night and were still finding pockets of fire inside later in the day. A huge plume of smoke wafted across the London skyline and left a burned-out hulk in the working class, multi-ethnic neighborhood.
“In my 29 years of being a firefighter, I have never, ever seen anything of this scale,” Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said.
Up to 600 people lived in 120 apartments in the Grenfell Tower. After announcing the updated death toll of 12 in the afternoon, Cmdr. Stuart Cundy said that “we believe this number will sadly increase.”
Crews rescued 65 people, said Steve Apter, the fire brigade's director of safety and assurance.
Prime Minister Theresa May's office said she was “deeply saddened by the tragic loss of life” in the fire.
“My thoughts are with the victims, their families and all of those who had their homes destroyed,” she said. “It's impossible to comprehend the horror of what they've been going through.”
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said many questions must be answered about safety for the scores of other apartment blocks around the British capital.
The London Fire Brigade said it received the first reports of the blaze at 12:54 a.m. and the first engines arrived within six minutes.
Survivors told of frantic attempts to escape during the nighttime fire. Some initially feared it was terrorism-related, although authorities have not suggested that terrorism was involved.
“The flames, I have never seen anything like it. It just reminded me of 9/11,” said Muna Ali, 45. “The fire started on the upper floors. … Oh my goodness, it spread so quickly. It had completely spread within half an hour.”
Samira Lamrani said she saw a woman drop a baby from a window on the ninth or 10th floor to people on the sidewalk.
“People were starting to appear at the windows, frantically banging and screaming,” Lamrani told Britain's Press Association news agency.
When the woman indicated she was going to drop the infant, “a gentleman ran forward and managed to grab the baby,” she added.
Joe Walsh, 58, said he saw someone toss two children out a window on the fifth or sixth floor. Tiago Etienne, 17, said he saw about three children between the ages of 4 and 8 being dropped from around the 15th floor. There was no word on their fate.
Other residents told harrowing tales of their own escapes and frustration at not being able to help neighbors.
Ruks Mamudu, 69, said she ran to safety down one flight of stairs to the ground floor from her apartment wearing only her purple pajamas and bathrobe. She and her grandson sat outside the building, helplessly watching those trapped on higher floors.
“I sat there watching my house burn down and watching people cry for help who couldn't come down,” Mamudu said.
Nassima Boutrig, who lives across from the building, said she was awakened by sirens and smoke so thick that it filled her home as well.
“We saw the people screaming,” she said. “A lot of people said, ‘Help! Help! Help!' The fire brigade could only help downstairs. … They couldn't stop the fire.”
There was no immediate word on the cause of the blaze, but the Grenfell Action Group has been warning about the risk of fire at Grenfell Tower since 2013.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sqwbyt
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (Press Release): Ambassador Enterprises, a philanthropic equity firm based in Fort Wayne, IN, announced its strategic investment in the regional Riverfront Development Project. AE sees great potential for this project to increase the quality of offerings in this region and community. AE will invest a total of $500,000 in the Park Foundation to receive naming rights for the South Dock Amphitheatre.
“We appreciate Ambassador Enterprises' generous investment toward making our new riverfront park a world-class destination,” said Parks & Recreation Director Al Moll. “We look forward to the day when we open the South Dock Amphitheatre with a new name for residents and visitors to enjoy for years to come.”
The South Dock Amphitheatre at Riverfront Park is part of a series of open spaces and buildings along the river that create a waterfront promenade. The slope of the river bank to the water will be shaped into large steps to provide seating and create an open-air venue for performances, entertainment, and sports. The amphitheatre and surrounding greenscape area provide a total seating capacity of 850 people. The Canal Boat, owned by Friends of the Rivers, will be docked at the South Dock when not being used for tours.
“This investment is an opportunity to demonstrate our commitment to this region and to the people that live, work, and play here,” said Arlan Friesen, President of Ambassador Enterprises. “We look forward to seeing Riverfront Park become a gathering place enjoyed by families and friends for generations to come.”
If you are someone who enjoys traditional foods for festivals, this Chinese New Year (CNY) might leave you unhappy. Yes, due to bad weather CNY traditional food like abalone, scallops and fish are expected to become expensive and burn a hole in your pocket.
According to media reports, while a Song Fish dealer said that fishermen are not being able to go fishing as it is raining a lot, director of Hai Sia Seafood said the high demand shot up the price.
For instance, Chinese pomfret, a delicacy during this season, will be retailing at $60 per kg, double the previous cost at $30 to $40 per kg. Consumers will also witness skyrocketing price for the red garoupa, which will be 30 to 50 percent higher than the original price.
Other delicacies like Abalone and scallops are expected to retail at a 20 percent and 30 percent hike from last year respectively.
According to fishermen, this is mainly because of the frequent typhoons that hit the Japan coast last year.
However, chairman of Victoria Wholesale Centre Mario Chua said that price at the centre will not rise further even if demand increases more in the festive season.
Customers can resort to frozen fish and other dried seafood as their prices are expected to be more stable. Dried fish maw, sea cucumbers and mushrooms prices will be more affordable compared to next year, according to reports.
However, if you don't mind spending few extra bucks on your favourite fish, go for it as CNY comes only once a year and there should not be any holding back.
New Delhi: India and the European Union on Friday adopted a declaration to counterterrorism as they discussed ways to strengthen their cooperation in key areas of trade and security during the 14th summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the top EU leadership here.
"Leaders of India and EU agreed on stronger cooperation to act against global terrorists and terror entities including Hafiz Saeed, Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, Dawood Ibrahim, Lashkar-eTaiba, Jaish e Mohammad, Hizbul Mujaheedin, Haqqani Network, Al Qaeda, ISIS and affiliates," said Ruchi Ghanshyam, secretary in the MEA.
Also Read: India, European Union agree to combat terror, resume talks on free trade
PM Modi, while addressing a joint press event with the EU leaders, said,"We have agreed to strengthen our security cooperation and work together against terrorism. We will not only further strengthen our bilateral cooperation on this issue, but will also increase our cooperation and coordination in multilateral fora."
The Prime Minister said both sides agreed to cooperate on global issues and work together on climate change.
"Our multi-dimensional relations and strategic partnership is of prime importance," he said, adding that relations between the two sides had been reinforced following the 13th India-EU Summit at Brussels last year.
India and the EU also held extensive discussions on bilateral, regional and international issues, including the Rohingya crisis and volatile situation in the Korean peninsula.
Prime Minister Modi told reporters that the two sides have agreed to work in close cooperation against terrorism. "We have agreed to strengthen our security cooperation and work together against terrorism. We will not only further strengthen our bilateral cooperation on this issue, but will also increase our cooperation and coordination in multilateral fora," PTI quoted the Prime Minister as saying.
After the summit, India and the EU also inked three pacts which included one on an international solar alliance. "We have adopted a joint declaration on counter-terrorism in which we agreed to counter violent extremism and radicalisation, particularly online, and to deal effectively with the threat by foreign terrorist fighters, terrorist financing and arms supply," PTI quoted European Council President Donald Franciszek Tusk as saying.
The EU is India's largest regional trading partner with bilateral trade in goods at USD 88 billion in 2016. It also remains the largest destination for Indian exports and a key source of investment and technologies.
The two sides have been strategic partners since 2004 and held the 13th India-EU summit in Brussels last year during Prime Minister Modi's visit to Europe.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): State Minister for Capital Administration
and Development Division (CADD) Dr. Tariq Fazal Chaudhry on Friday
said that government was following policy of merit in all promotion
and appointment cases.
He stated this while responding to a Calling Attention Notice
(CAN) in National Assembly regarding non-availability of
Headmasters/Vice Principals (BS-18) in 25 Islamabad Model Schools
for Boys (I-X) Federal Directorate of Education despite availability
of Deputy Headmasters (BS-17). fulfilling the prescribed criteria
for promotion.
The minister said that it was not factual that 25 schools were
working without its heads. He said that 18 officers in BPS-18 were
working as Principals while seven senior teachers as per their
scales were working as headmasters in remaining seven schools.
The minister said that promotion cases of 26 teachers were moved
and Ministry of CADD had promoted 17 officers on merit while nine
cases remained pending due to cases of internal litigation. He said
there were 22 departments under this Ministry and merit policy had
been adopted in appointment or promotion cases.
The minister said that it was very unfortunate that such issues
related to government departments were taken through parliamentary interventions without any confirmation.
He said that there was no school in Islamabad, working without
head or having vacant seat of Principal of Headmaster.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Soft play centres can be a saviour for parents on those rainy days when you just need to get out of the house with the kids.
Some of the best childhood memories come from diving into ball pits and sliding head first down a cushioned slide, and everyone will have their favourite place.
But hundreds of Bristol parents will be shocked and saddened to learn that one of the area's most popular soft play centres has closed its doors for good.
Ugly Bugs Soft Play Centre, based in Warmley, made the shock announcement on its Facebook page yesterday, much to the disappointment of its many loyal visitors.
The post said: “We have closed down. Thank you to all our customers over the last 8 and a half years.”
More than 300 people have left comments on the post expressing their sadness at the news.
(Image: Ugly Bugs/Facebook)
One user, Lisa Davis, said: “Such lovely memories of our two growing up there. Ugly bugs, thanks for all our memories, my daughter was gutted when she was too old to visit, she is 10 now. We came nearly every week from when you opened, good luck with whatever you do next.”
While another, Caroline Hamilton, said: “Absolutely gutted for you and for my daughter who enjoyed playing at Ugly Bugs so much. Will miss the hour or 2 of sanity you'd give me each week.”
(Image: Ugly Bugs/Facebook)
In response to the overwhelming number of comments, Ugly Bugs said: “Thank you all for lovely kind words. It's been a very difficult and emotional decision. Been a big part of our lives for 10 years. Hopefully someone will get it up and running again in the future.”
The Bristol Post has contacted Ugly Bugs for further comment.
Offset has bought a car for the bystander who helped "save his life" two weeks ago.
The 26-year-old rapper - whose real name is Kiari Kendrell Cephus - ended up in hospital earlier this month when he ploughed his vehicle into a tree in Atlanta, Georgia, in a bid to avoid a "crackhead" standing in the middle of the road.
And, as a thank you to the man - identified only as Jamar - who rushed to his aid and helped pull him out of his mangled car, he bought him a grey Nissan Altima.
Taking to his Twitter account, Offset uploaded a photograph of Jamar's new vehicle along with the caption: "THANK YOU [JAMAR] FOR HELPING SAVE MY LIFE (sic)"
He also uploaded the same photo to Instagram with the caption: "HE WAS WALKING FROM WORK WHEN HE Has SEEN ME CLIMBING OUT MY CAR SO I BOUGHT HIM A CAR (sic)", but he has since deleted the shot from his account.
Thanks to Jamar and his quick thinking, the hip hop star was admitted to hospital with minor injuries and was released just hours later to recuperate at home.
However, the same can't be said for his green Dodge Challenger as it was badly damaged and was towed away afterwards.
Law enforcement revealed at the time that no police or emergency medical workers were called to the crash scene and no accident report was taken.
Offset has remained relatively tight-lipped on the incident but his fiancee Cardi B - who is expecting the couple's first child - shared some intimate details afterwards.
According to Billboard, the 25-year-old rap star said at the time: "Crazy how Set had to swerve and hit a tree cause a crackhead was in the middle of the road trying to get hit or kill himself. But God does unexplainable things! Luckily a man was walking by, walked him home and just vanished. The Lord is real. (sic)"
Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan sign new set of documents
2017-10-07 10:52 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Oct. 7
By Ali Mustafayev – Trend:
Delegations of Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan signed new documents on Oct. 6. The signing ceremony was held amid the second day of Kyrgyz President Almazbek Atambayev's visit to Tashkent.
The documents include an Agreement between Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan on Confidence-Building Measures in the Border Areas, an Agreement on the Intergovernmental Use of the Orto-Tokoy (Kasansay) Reservoir in the Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan, a Memorandum of Understanding between Uzbekhydroenergo and the National Energy Holding Company of Kyrgyzstan to construct Kambaratinskaya HPP 1, as well as a contract for supply of electricity in 2017-2018 from Kyrgyzstan to Uzbekistan, the Kyrgyz presidential press service said in a message Oct. 7.
On the first day of the visit, the countries signed a Declaration on Strategic Partnership, Strengthening Friendship, Good Neighborliness and Trust, and 12 other documents.
News: Teen Becomes Talk of the Town After Neighbor Catches Her 'Smoking' a Taquito Twitter has some choice words for the neighbors who accused Sarah Holder of smoking a cigar when in fact it was a taquito.
United Way's Annual Day of Caring Returns Wednesday
August 14, 2017
A yearly event dedicated to community service projects in Livingston County will return Wednesday.
Livingston County United Way's 16th annual Day of Caring will include approximately 1,450 volunteers performing over 130 community service projects in the area. United Way Executive Director Nancy Rosso says the projects range from collecting food donations and personal care items, yard work, home repair, painting projects, to cleaning and more.
Volunteers in blue shirts will give back in an effort to make the single largest day of community service in Livingston County a success. After the projects are completed, volunteers will be treated to lunch at the Howell City Park.
Event Chairman Pete Lindhout says this shows the caliber of people in Livingston County and their willingness to help one another. Rosso says the number of projects and participating volunteers will exceed 2016's event.
With regret, Rosso says it is too late to sign up to volunteer because groups have already been paired up with projects. She is giving the community an early notice though for 2018's Day of Caring, encouraging everyone to save the date for the third Wednesday in August of next year. (DK)
A huge seven car pile up caused long delays on the M5 this afternoon.
Emergency services were called to the southbound M5 between junction 20 for Clevedon and junction 21 for Weston-super-Mare shortly after 12.30pm on Monday, December 11.
Two of three lanes were closed following the incident, bringing traffic to a standstill in places.
There were miles of tailbacks stretching beyond junction 19 for Portishead as a result and travel time was more than an hour.
The incident also causes some congestion on surrounding routes as motorists divert to avoid the motorway gridlock.
We will bring you the latest updates below:
North Texas took home first place in the Bob Sutton Invitational, Spring Break Challenge in Irving, Texas. The team finished the three rounds with a score of +13 to par, to win the tournament which spanned from Monday to Wednesday.
“We are all very happy with this win today,” head coach Brade Stracke said. “This is our first tournament win since [October] 2015 so it has been a while and the guys played well down the stretch. We showed our toughness.”
North Texas maintained the No. 2 spot in the first two rounds of the Spring Break Challenge but were able to build up their momentum and rise to first place in the third round on Wednesday.
“We kind of got to a slow start the first day and progressively got better throughout the tournament and the guys performed well down the stretch in the final round,” Stracke said.
Junior golfer Ian Snyman led the men's team to victory with 14 birdies overall and finishing the final round one under par 70 (-1).
“It was just one shot at a time, I tried to hit the fairways, that was the most important part,” Syman said. “I just tried to keep it simple, not trying to get too fancy, not going in locations that I shouldn't be going in and I hit the ball really good.”
Snyman was also honored for his performance by winning third place overall for scoring two under par for the entirety of the tournament.
“I feel like I had 17 really good holes and one hole just put me out of the individual spot,” Snyman said. “But otherwise, it was really solid.”
Another notable performance was brought on by freshman golfer, Viktor Forslund who lead the tournament in eagles finishing with a total of two.
This tournament win becomes Stracke's 10th win in his nine years as head coach at the University of North Texas. The men's golf team are off to an impressive start to their 2018 season which has allowed them to gain attention throughout the university's student body.
Coming off this tournament win, the team heads straight to Ponte Vedra, Florida for The Hayt Tournament.
“[Plan is to] relax tomorrow and enjoy the day,”: Stracke said. “Then get back to business on Friday and to work.”
Featured image: North Texas junior golfer Thomas Rosenmueller hits the ball in the Trinity Forest Invitational on Sept. 26. Sara Carpenter
The lack of communication to nearby residents before several trees were felled in Kenilworth showed a lack of common courtesy, a district councillor has claimed.
Several healthy oak trees were felled on land off Rouncil Lane a couple of weeks ago, which caused heated protests.
Cllr Pat Cain has criticised the lack of communication about the felling by landowner Christine Archer
But the Forestry Commission had granted a thinning licence for up to 100 trees in the area and was satisfied the licence was being complied with.
Cllr Pat Cain, ward councillor for St John's, has now criticised the landowner Christine Archer for not informing nearby residents about the work in advance and said the angry reaction could have been avoided entirely.
She said: "The work is quite legal, but what has gone wrong is the failure of the owner to put up signs communicating the work with residents. Out of common courtesy, that should have been done.
"The people who came out to do the work had no copies of the thinning licence on them - they should have been handing them out.
The felling has stopped for the time being
"All these problems have been caused by the lack of information in the first place.
"They started felling trees within a couple of hours. People who see it think 'what?' and flare up - and quite rightly so."
The felling of the trees began on the morning of Thursday May 17 until Cllr Sue Gallagher and Joshua Tebby, the son of nearby Rouncil Farm owner Ray Tebby, turned up in protest and argued with Cllr Alan Cockburn, the leaseholder of the land and Christine Archer's brother-in-law.
Contractors then tried to start felling again on Monday May 21, but no felling actually took place after Joshua and his brother Ben, who were protesting the felling, were allegedly assaulted and police were called.
The felling was protested by nearby residents
The work was legal as the Forestry Commission had granted a thinning licence for up to 100 trees to be felled.
Despite the Forestry Commission approving the work, felling has stopped for the time being.
Christine Archer has been approached for comment.
MSBA session looks at do's and don'ts of the ex parte interview
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Lawyers know they are prohibited from speaking directly to an opposing party represented by counsel. But what if the opposition is a corporation or a government entity? A session Thursday morning at the Maryland State Bar Association's annual meeting in Ocean City will examine whom a lawyer can speak with directly at the opposing, represented business ...
Malawi Police in Rumphi have arrested a 25-year-old Ethiopian national Salam Ashoro for entering Malawi illegally. Rumphi police spokesperson Victor Khamisi said Ashoro was arrested at Chinyolo in Rumphi along Karonga-Mzuzu road after police received information that…
The post Ethiopian national arrested for entering Malawi illegally appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
“Lightning Men” by Thomas Mullen
c.2017, 37 Ink / Atria
$26.00 / $32.00 Canada
375 pages
BOOK REVIEW
by TERRI SCHLICHENMEYER
It struck in a second.
If you'd have blinked, you would have missed the flash but you'd've known it was there by the rumble that followed. There's nothing like the power and beauty of a summer thunderstorm to put respect into you – except, as in the new novel “Lightning Men” by Thomas Mullen, maybe the crack of a gun.
Even from the front of the truck, Officers Lucian Boggs and Tommy Smith could see that this was trouble.
They'd known for a time that if anyone was going to stop illegal substances from flowing into the part of Atlanta known as “Darktown,” it would have to be them. White police officers wouldn't bother arresting “Lightning Men” who brought drugs and moonshine in; they didn't care, but Boggs and Smith knew what those things were doing to the people of their community. And so, there they were, approaching a delivery truck in a narrow alley one night, guns in hand.
The subsequent lack of support from fellow officers came as no surprise, nor did the release of the men Boggs and Smith had arrested. That was the latest in a long line of slights from White Atlanta, which was busy being outraged that Black families were moving into formerly-white neighborhoods.
One of those neighborhoods was where Officer Dennis Rakestraw lived.
Rake really had no issue with “Negroes” moving into his neighborhood, but he knew his brother-in-law, Dale, did. Dale was an idiot, that was sure, and Rake was dismayed to know that he was also Klan. It was that part that got Dale into trouble before – but never as much trouble as Dale was in now, and he'd pulled Rake straight in the middle of the storm.
As tension heated up over neighborhood segregation, a similar tension simmered within the APD over “the colored experiment” within the department, a white banker assaulted by Klansmen, shoot-outs, beatings, and the return of someone who should've stayed away. Trust in Atlanta that summer was a rare commodity – between man and woman, between relatives-by-marriage, and even between two APD partners.
There's a lot going on inside “Lightning Men” – which is good, and it's not.
Rich in detail
and flavored by the presence of real-life people, this novel, set in 1950, also contains snippets of authentic racism, Jim Crow laws, and social mores of the post-War American South. This offers readers a fine tale with an atmosphere of confusion, beauty, and horror, in which author Thomas Mullen inserts two officers, both of whom are likeable characters and fit perfectly into this story.
But oh, it's a long story. Too long, in fact: plot lines stretch forever before tying up; dead characters strut on the sidelines; and a rotating cast numbers in the dozens, which can make a reader disoriented. A too-convenient ending is no fun, either.
And yet, readers of noir crime dramas might relish tackling this book and its meticulously-written lushness; if that's you, this is your kind o'book. For lighter readers or cozy-mystery fans, though, “Lightning Men” probably won't strike you.
Terri Schlichenmeyer is based in Wisconsin
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2010 mini e electric vehicle ev la auto show 010 Enlarge Photos
BMW Group's Mini brand was an early pioneer of mainstream electric cars. Some readers will recall the brand leased the Hardtop-based Mini E electric car on a trial basis late last decade to help gather feedback from users.
The BMW Group used the gathered feedback for the i3 launched in 2014. But with electric cars increasing in popularity, helped along by the hype surrounding the Tesla Model 3, it's now Mini's turn to launch an electric car.
Mini's new electric car is due in 2019. It will be based on Mini's signature Hardtop body style and be built at the brand's main plant in Oxford, United Kingdom. The powertrain will come from the same plants in Germany responsible for the i3's hardware.
According to Autocar, we'll get an early look at Mini's electric car in the form of a concept at next month's 2017 Frankfurt auto show. The concept is expected to preview both technical aspects and styling elements that will differentiate the electric Hardtop from the regular versions. The range on a single charge should be at least 200 miles.
The BMW Group is hoping that around 15-25 percent of its sales are made up by electrified cars, i.e. hybrids, plug-in hybrids and pure EVs, by 2025. Most of the core models in the BMW and Mini brands will offer hybrid or plug-in hybrid powertrains in the coming years, and more and more pure EVs will be launched in the same period. For example, following the electric Mini will be an electric BMW X3 due in 2020 and the much-hyped BMW iNext due in 2021.
The BMW Group currently offers nine electrified cars and sales of these totalled 50,711 units in the first seven months of 2016, an increase of 74.8 percent on the same period last year. This is the first time the BMW Group has sold more than 50,000 electrified cars in a single and year, and it also makes the BMW Group the world's third-biggest when it comes to sales of electrified cars.
This year's Frankfurt auto show gets underway on September 12. For more coverage, head to our dedicated hub.
SYDNEY, Australia — Australia won the toss and elected to bowl against New Zealand in their Twenty20 match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday.
Captain David Warner confirmed that Alex Carey and D'Arcy Short will make their Australian T20 debuts, with Short expected to open in place of the injured Aaron Finch.
New Zealand captain Kane Williams will have his full-strength bowling line-up of Mitchell Santner, Tim Southee, Ish Sodhi and Trent Boult.
It was the first match in a tri-series tournament also involving England.
It is going to be a long hard winter unless Bristol Rovers can get their act together. They can't play this badly at home again can they?
I have never seen a game where so many players turned in a poor performance at the same time. The difference between two sides in the same division was alarming, particularly as we were at home.
Someone asked what I was going to write after that performance? Well sadly there was plenty for me to vent my spleen over and it wasn't easy to know where to start.
Right from the first minute the writing was on the wall. Rovers kicked off but it was the Posh who looked better organised, sharper, full of energy, winning tackles all over the pitch and it was just a matter of time before they scored.
(Image: Neil Brookman/JMP)
Defenders I have always admired like Daniel Leadbitter, Tom Lockyer and Ryan Sweeney were left floundering and it was alarming how easy the visitors were carving Rovers open.
At one Rovers throw in just front of us in the West enclosure in the first half it was disappointing how none of our players was eager to receive the ball and seemed to be hiding.
In the end the 4-1 score line didn't flatter United but there were two crucial turning points. Billy Bodin turned on a typical piece of magic to smash in a shot that crashed against the crossbar leaving it vibrating for several seconds.
A fraction lower and we would have gone in for half-time at 1-1 although we didn't deserve to.
Darrell Clarke obviously got them fired up at the break as Rovers came out showing more attacking purpose.
A good move involving several players got the visitor's defence in a tangle leaving Ellis Harrison with a golden chance but the striker showed no composure in wildly swinging at the ball which should at least have hit the target.
A goal then and who knows what could have happened but Peterborough exploited more and more gaps in our defence as we desperately tried to push forward and took their chances.
Rory Gaffney came on to get our consolation but not one of the 12 players and staff on the bench got off their backsides to acclaim the goal. I was very disappointed at their reaction.
There was still a chance, with added time there were 10 minutes to go for us to get two more late goals but clearly if the bench has given up they cannot complain about the fans who were by then streaming out of the stadium.
Rovers must quickly put this game behind them and it will be interesting to see if Sam Slocombe gets a game in goal next Saturday while Tom Broadbent, Ollie Clarke and Gaffney might get a chance to turn things around.
And as I hear about the national airline being sold to private companies, I see one of their employees coming up to me. “What are you doing?” I asked my friend, who was part of the flying crew of one of the national carriers.
“Practicing to smile,” said my friend, as he contorted his face into a strange and hideous grimace. “But that's not a smile,” I protested. “Don't you know how to smile?” “Haven't done for years,” he said. “Didn't need to?” “Then what's the sudden reason to start?” I asked.
“We're being privatized,” said my friend, “any my colleagues in the other private airlines say that a smiling face is essential for me to keep my job.” “Yes,” I said, “but I don't think you are doing too good a job of it, maybe you should have been privatized a decade ago, before you face muscles got set into a frown.” “How's this?” asked my friend, looking at me with lips held apart with both his hands.
“I'm sure you chap will have to use your hands for other things on board the aircraft rather than pulling your lips into a smile all the time,” I said. “You'll have to help the elderly with their hand baggage, serve the passengers with their meals, help mothers with their children, and don't forget the Namaste when people leave the aircraft.”
“No!” cried my friend, “no, this is not what I joined the company for.” “Ah, ah!” I said, “don't forget you're privatized now. The rules have changed.” There was a knock on the door and another member of the crew burst into the room. “I'll be damned!” he shouted, “the passengers are suddenly becoming very cheeky.” “Offload them!” cried my friend, “That's the only way they'll learn a lesson.”
“I did,” said the other crew member, “and all of them walked over to the other booking counter and took a flight by the other airline.” “Very good,” said my friend with a smile, “You must have had a nice empty, comfortable flight back.” “Yes,” said his colleague bitterly, “and because of that there's no money to pay my salary!” I looked out of the window and saw the officers and staff of a local nationalized bank, standing outside and demonstrating.
“Tell us?” asked both the members of the crew looking at me, “what do you suggest we do?” “Well,” I said, “you can carry on practicing learning how to smile, or you can join those people outside the bank who are striking against privatization. One is life, the other is a slow death.”
I watched as both my friends, walked down and stood in front of the striking employees, and then I watched in amazement as the bank employees slowly put their hands on their cheeks and pulled their lips apart, imitating my two friends. “When will they ever learn..!” I whispered.
Related
LG announces UI for unannounced smartphone
As it often does ahead of a big new smartphone announcement, LG has started the process of pre-announcing It's next big thing. Today, a news release from the company takes the wraps off the LG V30's's software suite, giving us our first look at the UI we'll be using on the upcoming flagship. The new LG UX 6.0+ tunes up the visuals, with a rounded, Galaxy S8-style search bar, a simplified weather widget and a new Floating Bar feature, alongside new camera, security and Always-On Display tricks.
The Floating Bar is pitched as the successor to the LG V20's second display, effectively confirming the ticker panel's demise. LG doesn't go into great detail about what you'll be able to do with this panel, only saying it'll be used "for quick access to frequently used functions." The feature sounds similar to Samsung's Edge Display, though it doesn't appear to dominate the entire display like that feature does.
The new LG UI also brings new photographic capabilities. In today's presser, LG reveals its new "Graphy" feature in the camera's manual mode. Graphy will allow V30 owners to download and share presets (ISO, white balance, shutter speed, etc.) used by professionals to capture specific kinds of shots. LG also promises quick and easy GIF creation, and new movie creation tricks. (Think video highlights.)
LG's upcoming phone borrows a lot of new features from the Galaxy S8.
LG's Always-On Display has been re-tooled too, thanks in part to the V30's OLED panel. New features include the ability to display "Quick Tools" (likely some kind of shortcut menu), music controls, or your photos.
On the security front, the V30 will apparently include always-on face recognition, active even when the display is off, without pressing the power button. (Likely using some secondary sensors to detect motion, as keeping the front camera active constantly would be a massive battery drain.) And voice recognition through Qualcomm's Aqstic voice UI will allow V30 owners to securely unlock their phones through a predetermined wake phrase. (We'll have to see how convenient that ends up being.)
Not mentioned in today's press release: whether the V30 will follow in its predecessor's footsteps and be the first device to ship with a new version of Android. The V20 was (just about) first with Nougat in 2016, but LG hasn't said whether its latest handset will debut with Android O.
There's been plenty of LG V30 leakage in recent weeks, with major hardware specs set to include a Snapdragon 835 processor, 6GB of RAM, 64 or 128GB of storage and a new dual camera system led by an f/1.6 main shooter. We'll learn more at the official launch event in Berlin, German on August 31.
5 women Cristiano Ronaldo has been romantically linked with
Over the years, Cristiano Ronaldo has dated few of the most gorgeous woman in the world.
by Kevin Ronith Kumar Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 16:40 IST
Cristiano Ronaldo: The modern day Cassanova?
Cristiano Ronaldo has come a long from being the shy young 18-year-old who came to England back in 2003 to becoming one of the most desirable men in the world. Being one of the richest and most popular footballers in the world definitely has its perks and add to that the chiselled athletic body and the gorgeous face, Cristiano Ronaldo becomes the fantasy for any woman out there.
There haven't been many footballers in the past who had the same kind of wit, charm or talent that Ronaldo possess, maybe apart from David Beckham who decided to be a one woman man despite his many charms.
But unlike Beckham, Cristiano Ronaldo prefers to jump into the pool of the many beautiful single women out there in the world. The 31-year-old has had quite a few hook-ups throughout the years, and every single woman he has been involved with were either model's, celebrities or athletes themselves. We are not quite sure if it's Ronaldo's money, the fame or the looks that women fall for but we can agree that the list of woman he has dated are drop dead gorgeous.
Let's take a look at a list of 5 hot women Cristiano Ronaldo has been romantically linked with.
#1 Kim Kardashian
Kim Kardashian was spotted having a meal with Ronaldo
Yes! You heard it right Kim K who shot to fame in 2007 after her controversial sex tape with American singer; Ray J got leaked was reportedly seen hooking up with Ronaldo while on vacation in Madrid. This was after a bitter break up with former flame, Reggie Bush who is a running back in the NFL.
Kim K and Ronaldo were allegedly spotted in a nightclub having a nice time while sharing a meal. But what went on after that? Nobody knows. Sure she might be a devoted wife to Kanye West and also a mother now, but we all know how wild and happening a celebrity's lifestyle is. But Kim K's wild days seem to have passed as the 36-year-old looks settled with Kanye West.
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Aishah Ahmad as the deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN).
The name of the 40-year-old banker, who will clock 41 on October 26, has been sent to the senate for confirmation.
She is from Niger state in the north-central and replaces Sarah Alade, a deputy governor of the bank, who retired in March after working at the apex for 23 years.
Alade is from Kwara, also in the north-central.
“In accordance with the provisions of section 8(1) (2) of the Central Bank of Nigeria (Establishment) Act 2007, President Buhari urged the Senate President Bukola Saraki, to consider the expeditious confirmation of Mrs Ahmad, who would then resume work immediately,” read a statement signed by Femi Adesina, special adviser to the president on media and publicity.
The president also appointed four new members of the monetary policy committee (MPC), the highest policy-making body of the apex bank.
They are Adeola Adenikinju, Aliyu Sanusi, Robert Asogwa and Asheikh Maidugu. Their names have also been forwarded to the upper legislative chamber of the national assembly for confirmation.
“The four nominees are to replace MPC members, whose tenure expires at the end of this year,” read the statement.
“After senate clearance, the new members of the monetary policy committee are to resume duties next January.”
Content advisory: The video above may contain language that is offensive to some.
Tyler, The Creator's Tiny Desk performance was a first for many reasons. It was the Los Angeles rapper's first time performing at our offices, but moreover, it was the Tiny Desk's first nighttime performance, a special request from Tyler and his team in order to professionally light the "stage" themselves. Members of Tyler's lighting crew came to the office a day before to set it up, eventually bathing him and his band in shades of fuchsia, orange and blue — one for each song — during the early evening show.
Flower Boy, Tyler's latest album, is much like this Tiny Desk performance; a surprising departure from the expected. Four albums in, he has matured as a producer, rapper and human being. Often equated to hip-hop's class clown, the 26-year-old peels back his own mask of immaturity to reveal a young adult grappling with anxiety, fear and uncertainty of self.
After he was done, Tyler did something of a modified mic-drop, throwing his tambourine in celebration of what he and his band had accomplished. Always one to stay casually connected with his fans, Tyler made time — nearly an hour after the performance was done —- to pose for photos, sign merch and crack jokes with (and on) everyone around him.
Set List
"Boredom"
"See You Again"
"Glitter"
Musicians
Tyler Okonma (vocals, keys), Jaret Landon (MD/Keys) Dré Pinckney (Bass), Dalton Hodo (Drums), Kaye Fox (background vocals), Kiandra Richardson (background vocals)
Credits
Producers: Bob Boilen, Morgan Noelle Smith; Creative Director: Bob Boilen; Audio Engineer: Josh Rogosin; Lighting: Max McDougall; Videographers: Morgan Noelle Smith, Maia Stern, Beck Harlan, Alyse Young; Production Assistants: Paul Wichmann, Salvatore Maicki; Photo: Jennifer Kerrigan/NPR
For more Tiny Desk concerts, subscribe to our podcast.
Our Correspondent
Beijing
As ceremonial music echoed throughout the Great Hall of the People, Xi Jinping took his place on the podium. The music stopped as he reached a large red-bound copy of the country's Constitution.
The 64-year-old, in a dark suit, placed his left hand on the Constitution, raised his right hand to his temple and made a fist of solidarity. “I pledge my allegiance to the Constitution,” Xi began. “[To] safeguard the Constitution's authority, fulfill my legal obligations, be loyal to the country and the people, be committed and honest in my duty, accept the people's supervision and work hard for a great modern socialist country that is prosperous, strong, democratic, culturally advanced, harmonious and beautiful.”
He bowed, and the nearly 3,000 National People's Congress (NPC) deputies reacted with a spontaneous burst of thunderous applause. It was the first time a Chinese president had ever taken such an oath upon assuming office. The ceremony was watched by tens of millions of Chinese on television or on their smartphones.
On Saturday, Xi was unanimously elected as president of the People's Republic of China (PRC) and chairman of the Central Military Commission of the PRC. Xi first took over the presidency five years ago, pledging to push forward the great cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and strive for great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
“In face of the mighty trend of the times and earnest expectations of the people for a better life, we cannot have the slightest complacency, or get the slightest slack at work,” he said back then.
China has made historic achievements under Xi's leadership. The unanimous vote shows the strong support he enjoys among the people. Nearly five months ago, Xi was re-elected general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee. The Party's 19th National Congress enshrined in the CPC Constitution Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era.
The thought was added into the country's Constitution at the 13th NPC session as a guiding principle of the state. People have high expectations for the years ahead. The blueprint laid out at the Party congress is being turned into action plan.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP): Captain (Retd) Muhammad Safdar on Monday said Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf Chairman Imran Khan should face the same f accountability process which the former prime minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif and his family had faced.
Talking to newsmen outside the accountability court here, Captain Safdar said , “We are still appearing in courts as we respect the rule of law and the constitution.”
Terming Imran Khan a “fake captain,” he said, “I am a genuine military captain, whereas Imran is a fake tracksuit captain.”
Captain (Retd) Safdar said, if the opponents wanted to fight a political battle then the PML-N was very much ready to do so.
In a lighter mood, he said, “We played before and now it was opponents' term to face courts,” adding “We will not let Imran Khan escape.”
He said Imran Khan had never taken the courts seriously. He was dreaming to become the prime minister in the general election 2018, however his dream would never come true.
Hard graft isn't anything new to Maya Jama. She's been working since she was 15, when she spent her summer cleaning dishes in a local cafe. Fast-forward eight years and her drive is relentless. Over the last year alone, she's secured a gig at BBC Radio 1, hosted the MOBOs, launched a fashion collection with Pretty Little Thing, become the face of Maybelline Fit Me Foundation, and she's just released the second series of Freya Lingerie podcast, When Life Gives You Melons. Not bad, eh? But behind the scenes, Maya Jama has been living with anxiety.
Jama came across a little nervous while we chatted; she was talking at 100 miles a minute and was sitting huddled up with her arms tightly around her legs. "Anything you go through that's difficult is scary to talk about," she tells me. "Whether it's mental health, or loss, or death, or whatever it is. Something that's scary or something that hurts you sometimes is hard to talk about."
Reflecting on her own personal experiences, Jama tells me, "I suffer with anxiety loads. I'm a super anxious person." Describing what it's actually like, she adds:
"It's just feeling overwhelmed and sweaty and sick. All of those nervous feelings. You know that feeling like you're on a plane and your belly drops and then it just doesn't go away? It's like that feeling all day. It's like you're really nervous but everything is fine. You feel physically sick and you can't eat."
While Jama hasn't spoken openly about her mental health before, she first referenced it back in May on The Receipts Podcast, when she explained that she had stayed offline "for [her] own mental health" following the "abuse and death threats" she received after offensive tweets she posted as a teenager were uncovered on Twitter. The posts from 2012 and 2013, which included a reference to "dark skinned b*****s", resulted in accusations of colourism. Jama has since apologised, saying "colorism [sic] is not something to be entertained ever & I do not support it."
Despite the controversy, Jama tells me tries to learn from mistakes rather than focusing on regrets. "I think there will be terrible situations but there's always a lesson in them," she explained. "I don't think you ever go through something terrible without learning something from it. I'm thankful for all of it."
John Phillips/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Jama grew up in Bristol and was raised by her mum. Her father wasn't around very much because he spent much of her childhood in and out of prison. By the time she was 12, she decided to completely cut ties with her dad, but despite the emotional impact the situation must have had, mental health was never discussed at home. "I never really heard anybody talk about it," she tells me. "And if you did, it was like a shunned thing, like, 'Oh that person's crazy'. It was never like, 'Hey I deal with this and sometimes it makes me feel like this.'"
As a result, Jama remained completely unaware of conditions like anxiety and depression for a long time. "I didn't even know the word was 'anxiety' for eight years," she tells me. "It's probably only the last few years I've been like, 'Oh, that's what this is' purely because I've heard more people speaking about it."
Loose Women on YouTube
"I think it's one of those things that affects so many people I know and so many people I meet. It's so much more common than people think," she adds, and the statistics suggest she's right. According to Mind, in the UK, one in four people will develop some form of mental health problem every year. In England specifically, one in six will suffer with a condition like anxiety. The most recent Psychiatric Morbidity Survey shows that there are 3 million people with anxiety in the UK right now, reports Anxiety UK, and the Mental Health Foundation states that women are almost twice as likely to be diagnosed with anxiety than men.
Andrew Benge/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
"I've got the Calm app," she reveals of her coping mechanisms. "I want to meditate because I feel like that would help. I'm still not good at it but I try to do it before bed. My mind races at a million times a minute. I want to be able to silence my mind Complete zen and ultimate peace."
Another coping mechanism is to try to examine her thoughts more closely. Jama adds:
"I also do this thing where I'm like, 'What's wrong?' I break down everything that's going on and I'm either like, actually, nothing's really wrong in this moment in time. And if there is something wrong, it's like, how do I solve it? OK, if I can't solve it, then right, let's just try and get past it. It's talking yourself through the process of it all that helps me. There are different things for different people so I'd never want to advise."
Jeff Spicer/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Jama's openness about anxiety comes a year after her boyfriend Stormzy spoke publicly about his experience with depression. Explaining why he wanted to address the subject, he told Channel 4 News: "What convinced me to talk about it was the fact that if there's anyone out there going through it, I think to see that I went through it would help." Jama appears to sing from the exact hymn sheet.
As a result, mental health features heavily in the new series of her podcast show When Life Gives You Melons. "I'm quite open with it," she explains. "I feel like, nowadays, everybody should, if you understand it, you should express it and encourage people to speak openly about it as much as possible because the more that people speak about it, the more other people won't feel like they're the only ones."
When Life Gives You Melons is an all-female podcast brought to you by Freya Lingerie. It can be downloaded here.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home his 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns he downed last year.The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her down in winning the women's competition.That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Two Conservative Party politicians are urging City workers to contact their local members of Parliament and detail any problems Brexit poses them ahead of the next stage of negotiations.
Despite last Friday's historic agreement on the terms of the UK's divorce from the EU, the MPs say London workers must not assume any lobbying for a better or easier Brexit will be done on their behalf by other institutions.
MP...
That no-no was the first for the A's since Dallas Braden's perfect game against Tampa Bay in 2010. It had been almost exactly 25 years since the Red Sox were held hitless.
Manaea's father settled in Indiana after being stationed there in the Army, so except for his own family, he didn't grow up around the Polynesian-like culture known for producing big football players, many of them now in the NFL, instead of big league pitchers.
"I played basketball from fourth grade to my sophomore year. I was tall and it was something to do in the winter," he said. "It was fun for a while, but after my sophomore year, I was like, 'Yeah this isn't for me.' I can't dribble the ball, I'm not physical enough. I'm skinny."
Manaea continued to progress and excel in baseball. He went to Indiana State and had a standout summer in the Cape Cod League before the Kansas City Royals picked him 34th overall in the 2013 amateur draft.
The Royals traded Manaea to Oakland in 2015 when acquiring Ben Zobrist. Manaea made his big league debut the next season, and in his 58th career start Saturday threw his first complete game.
"The thing that impresses me the most is he's doing it differently than he did when he first got here," Melvin said. "Just his stuff, he could get away with making some mistakes. ... He's a three-pitch pitcher now. He commands both sides of the plate."
Melvin describes him now as a "true pitcher" and not just a thrower anymore.
Manaea didn't really get any sleep Saturday night.
"My mind was going a million miles a second, and I just couldn't get that moment out of my head," he said. "It's something I never really dreamed of. ... It's just a really, really cool moment."
Before watching the highlights over and over throughout the night, he had a video call with his parents, who over the years have become obsessed with baseball like their son.
"They love everything about the A's," Manaea said. "Ever since I started getting more and more advanced with baseball, they were always there for me, and they drove me to practices, drove me to games. They're all in on baseball."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Stephen Hawkins, The Associated Press
MENIFEE, California (AP) — A business owner says thieves smashed a window of a Southern California pet store and made off with six birds worth thousands of dollars.
Birds-N-Paradise co-owner Erik Schreiner tells the Press-Enterprise newspaper in Riverside that surveillance footage shows at least one shadowy figure stealing the birds early Friday.
He says the thieves took three Patagonian conures worth $950 each; a caique parrot worth $1,400; a rose-breasted cockatoo worth $2,200; and a yellow nape Amazon parrot worth $2,500.
Schreiner believes the theft at his shop in the city of Menifee is tied to other recent bird heists in the region. Thefts have occurred at a bird farm in Redlands and an exotic bird store in Cypress in the past few weeks.
The Riverside County Sheriff's Department says it's not clear if the crimes are linked.
Los Angeles Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers is in no rush to step away from the game he's been playing his entire life.
The 35-year-old Rivers is entering his 14th season in the league, and even though he is in the latter part of his thirties, the former North Carolina State Wolfpack still has the competitive fire that has made him so right all of these years.
While a guest on ESPN's NFL Insider Adam Schefter's “Know Them From Adam” podcast, Rivers said that as long as he can “help the team,” he'll continue to strap on the pads on Sundays.
“I don't want to hang on at the end and just be a guy that's hanging on,” Rivers said, per ESPN video.
“But if I still feel like I can help a team and I enjoy it the way I do and more importantly if the team feels that I can help them . . . I don't see myself shutting it down anytime real soon.”
Rivers, who was selected to his sixth Pro Bowl last season, has thrown for more than 4,000 yards in four consecutive seasons. With the weapons around him, it might be a while until we see Mr. Rivers hang up his playing career.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Oban Times – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Dunbeg Primary was a hub of activity on Saturday for the school's annual Christmas craft fair.
A variety of stalls lined the hall, selling everything from Christmas baubles to next year's calendars.
Residents and stall-holders alike were entertained by pipers and fuelled by a cuppa and a selection of cakes.
Argyll and Bute MP Brendan O'Hara, who brought his family along for day, including his dog Hamish, said: ‘We were here last year and had a great time. We said we would definitely be back.
‘It's a really good school and they do really good work.'
Gul Hamaad Faroqi
Chitral
Rescue operation by local volunteers and youth from Gujar tribe continue on second day to recover dead bodies of two persons who were hit by avalanche at Lawari top. A man and his son working for the PTCL are reported killed after an avalanche buried them on near Lowari top on Chitral side. SHO police station Ashriat told that Noor Uddin and his son Ubaidullah, residents of Naghra in Drosh, were working as watchmen of the PTCL tower on the Lowari top.
They were hit by an avalanche near the top of the snow-bound pass when they were going to work at PTCL tower at Lawari top. He said that his son in law survived miraculously and success to reach PS Ashriat who informed police and they started rescue operation from Thursday which is still continued but due to bad weather and rain it creates hurdles in the way of rescue. But independent sources revealed on phone from Lawari top that no rescue team officially has been sent to the area except local volunteers.
Helsinki
Fitch Ratings has kept Finland's credit rating at AA plus. In an analysis published recently, Fitch saw “some evidence” that the efforts to implement structural reforms were bearing fruit.
Fitch noted that following a labor market competitiveness enhancement, Finnish labor costs declined sharply compared to Sweden, Germany and the eurozone at large.
The agency said that the 2018 round of wage negotiations was due to start in September and this would create some uncertainty. Fitch assumed that the outcome of the wage negotiations would not lead to deterioration in external competitiveness.
Finland's recovery has mainly been driven by cyclical factors. Real GDP is set to grow by 2.3 percent in 2017, its fastest pace in five years, supported by the upswing in global trade. This is above the agency's previous forecast of 1.2 percent.
Fitch expected the Finnish GDP growth to slow gradually to 1.7 percent and 1.4 percent in 2018-19. Private consumption growth is set to moderate in 2018-19. Over the last two years, private consumption was partly supported by a rise in household debt and a decline in the saving rate.
Fitch noted that authorities continue to focus on implementing structural reform policies, which should help improve the growth outlook and public finances over the medium to long term. The political backdrop remains broadly supportive for reform implementation, the agency said, as the fall of the government coalition was averted.
Public debt dynamics are gradually improving. The general government primary deficit is set to improve gradually, moving to a balanced position after 2019. Downside risks would arise from any adverse developments on the reform agenda or from slower growth.
Finland's rating draws support from “a high value-added economy, political stability and very strong governance and institutional strengths”, said Fitch. Large pension assets also provide fiscal flexibility, the agency reminded.—Xinhua
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers, a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends.
The report, Cannabis Legalization and Regulation, also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services, and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old.
“The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians,” Camille Quenneville, CEO of CMHA Ontario, said in a statement Monday. “When taken together, our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue.”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018, CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward.
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens.
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot, especially for youth and heavy consumers “ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions,” as well as extensive public education campaigns.
The “most concerning” issue is driving high, with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana, the report says.
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment, it says.
“Because the technology to detect an individual's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time, CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition,” the report says. “A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle, and any passengers in the car. It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use.”
While the Canadian Medical Association, which represents the nation's doctors, called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21, CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19.
“Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people,” the report says. “However, there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources. Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market, and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it.”
aartuso@postmedia.com
With narrative podcasting on the rise over the last couple of years, it's no surprise, really, that television executives have begun looking at the medium as a resource for new shows. In fact, podcasting network Gimlet has been very open about the business model of licensing IP to movies and networks.
If there is a surprise in all of this, it's that Welcome to Night Vale didn't get picked up sooner. The podcast has developed an organic fan base through platforms like Twitter, several touring shows, spin-off podcasts and two novels. Now, it seems, it may finally be destined for TV, with FX optioning the rights from Sony Pictures Television for a Night Vale series.
“We've had to sit on that information for a bit,” Night Vale co-creator Jeffrey Cranor told TechCrunch. “We've been with Sony for a couple of years. It took us a while to find the right people to be involved with. We really like Night Vale a lot and don't want to just hand it off to anybody.”
Cranor and co-creator Joseph Fink launched the podcast in 2012 as a radio drama that's a little Twin Peaks, a bit X-Files and touch Art Bell. The format borrows heavily from old radio dramas, as it details the lives of residents in a small Southwestern town where supernatural goings-on are commonplace.
The podcast is primarily told through the monologues of narrator and main character Cecil Palmer — a format that doesn't lend itself particularly well to a more visual medium. “You can't have just a guy talking for an hour straight as a TV show,” explains Cranor. “You have to have characters and get on the ground. You have to think about the different relationships and how you can be weird with showing, rather than explaining.”
Of course, this is all still early days, but the show will be in the very capable hands of Gennifer Hutchison, who currently serves as an executive producer for AMC's hit Breaking Bad spin-off, Better Call Saul. Cranor and Fink will serve as executive producers, should the series be officially picked up by FX, and there's a good chance that some of the podcast's voice actors will come along for the ride.
“You can't write casting into a contract, but I think everyone is interested in the people we already work with,” says Cranor. “We work with real professional people and really good actors. I think anyone who's involved in the making of the show.”
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO) – The Fort Wayne Fire Department responded to reports of a stove fire in a home on Kelly Drive just before 3:30 a.m. Monday.
Once on scene, the crew found one adult and three children had escaped the fire and were waiting outside.
The firefighters extinguished the stove fire, but found it had extended to the second floor and attic.
No injuries were reported, and the fire was under control by 4 a.m.
John Stamos' fiancÃ©e Caitlin McHugh has been robbed on their wedding weekend.
The 'Full House' actor and his pregnant partner are due to tie the knot this weekend but Caitlin has been left devastated after $165,000 worth of jewels, on loan from the Neil Lane collection, were stolen from her bungalow at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Friday (02.02.18).
TMZ reports that Caitlin returned to her room to discover that burglars had broken in and taken the expensive jewels.
Police are investigating and have told the website there was no sign of forced entry.
John, 54, immediately rushed over to the hotel to comfort his fiancÃ©e.
The actor proposed to Caitlin in October and announced the happy news on social media.
He posted an illustrated picture of a couple embracing at Disneyland on his Twitter account and he captioned the image: "I asked...she said yes! ...And we lived happily ever after [ring emoji] (sic)"
And the excited dad-to-be previously revealed he has "always" wanted to be a father but was worried he had left it too late.
He said: "I always wanted to be a dad. Clearly, I had to do some work on myself first. I have a youthful thing. People say, 'Oh, you look young.' You start believing you're gonna live to be 150. And then you wake up and go, 'No, man, this is it. This is not a rehearsal.' ... People would say, 'You should have a child.' I was like, 'That ship has sailed.'"
The star tragically lost his father in 2001 and his mother in 2014, and although they are no longer around, John knows they'll be with him in spirit to see him enter parenthood himself.
Disrupt San Francisco 2018, TechCrunch's flagship technology conference, is back this fall on September 5-7, and it's bigger and bolder than ever. That's not just hyperbole, people. We've staked out new digs at Moscone Center West — that means three times the floor space and more than 10,000 attendees.
Bigger crowds lead to more opportunities, especially when you have a tool to help you cut through the clutter and connect with the right early-stage startup founder — or find the perfect venture capitalist to fund your dream. CrunchMatch is that tool.
We first introduced CrunchMatch, our free, founder-investor connection platform (powered by Brella), at Disrupt SF 2017. Buy a Founder, Investor or Insider pass and you'll be invited to fill out a CrunchMatch profile. Through the service you can suggest meetings, send, accept or decline invitations and reserve dedicated, private meeting spaces in the CrunchMatch Lounge.
Last year investors and founders used CrunchMatch to set up more than 1,300 meetings. This year, we expect that number to triple. Here's what Luke Heron, CEO of TestCard.com, had to say about his CrunchMatch experience:
We used the CrunchMatch platform to schedule a bunch of meetings on our second day of the show. We met with six or seven VCs and, by and large, they were very positive meetings.
Whether your company meets the investment criteria of a venture capitalist you just heard speak on the main stage or you see the perfect early-stage company pitch during Startup Battlefield, CrunchMatch will let you send a meeting invitation quickly and easily.
As a reminder, you'll find a special focus on these tech categories at Disrupt SF 2018: AI, AR/VR, Blockchain, Biotech, Fintech, Gaming, Healthtech, Privacy/Security, Space, Mobility, Retail and Robotics.
You'll find them all exhibiting in Startup Alley. Or you can join them and place your early-stage startup in front of thousands of potential customers, partners and investors. CrunchMatch will really save you time as you work your way through the Alley.
If you're looking to invest in early-stage startups — or looking for funding — Disrupt San Francisco 2018 is where you want to be on September 5-7, and CrunchMatch is the tool you need to use. Don't wait, purchase your Founder, Investor or Insider passes today.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
So that's a wrap for January 2018. It couldn't have been much different from 2017 in many regards.
No last day shenanigans involving a cross-town rival this campaign, but there was another big striker coming in. Swap Milan Djuric for Lois Diony.
Half the number of recruits too, from six (Djuric, Taylor, Hegeler, Wright, Plavotic and Hinds) to three.
Head coach Lee Johnson spoke during the window about the need for a squad to naturally evolve and so rolls on Bristol City.
Gone are the worries of relegation. Now it's just a question of 'how high can you fly?'
With three good reinforcements - who can all have an impact on the first team and who all fit with the club's philosophy - in the bag, the Robins were able to have a relaxed approach to the final day of the window and watch other Championship clubs scrabble around for the scraps.
The best thing: City retained all their stars.
Make no bones about it - there is significant interest in the Robins' best players. I know that there were six scouts from various Premier League sides at Ashton Gate against QPR and there have been others flocking to BS3 regularly.
In fact, Bournemouth chief of recruitment Andy Burton (formerly of Sky Sports) was there last Saturday - and interestingly his job, as I understand it, is to research player personalities and traits.
That leads me to believe there's major interest in City's stars, and why wouldn't there be? Aden Flint, Joe Bryan, Bobby Reid and Jamie Paterson and others are all class acts and one way or another heading to the Premier League.
The Robins are on the way too and given the club have been able to keep their stars and add some interesting players into the mix, there must be a very good chance of promotion.
The squad is choc full of young players who have represented their country at some level.
There have been a few farewells for some of the fringe, and good luck to Diego and Ivan, both of whom I was surprised to see move on given they have shown good talent previously but if they can find first-team football elsewhere all the best to them.
So keeping the Robins' best players was key, but adding the talents of Liam Walsh, Ryan Kent and Lois Diony is good work too.
Walsh is just 20 and already shown his talents, Kent is accustomed to the league already and offers valuable versatility while Diony could be one of the league's leading lights given the right nurturing.
"I don't think that transfer has made enough waves," Johnson told me earlier this week.
And I agree: IF he can find top form Diony could yet be the ace up the Robins' wing.
There may yet be a departure for Gustav Engvall but Matty Taylor stays and could make a contribution at the sharp end of the season.
All hugely exciting with second place in the Championship up for grabs and spending very little.
(Image: Robbie Stephenson/JMP)
If Lee Johnson is slowly piloting the Robins to the top tier then he is being ably assisted by the navigating CEO Mark Ashton and club owner Steve Lansdown.
The trio can only be commended and held up as examples of the right way to run a football club.
Regarding the signings and whether they ultimately come good the proof is in the pudding. But like many Bristol City fans, we are now eagerly awaiting the rest of the campaign licking our lips with spoon in hand.
Mark out of 10: 8
Moscow
Growth of two-way trade between China and Russia has been picking up speed, and is most likely to reach the previously set goal of 80 billion U.S. dollars this year, Russian experts have said.
“Considering the seasonality, reaching 80 billion dollars is quite possible, especially if we take into account the fact that metal prices have increased very much in the last month, including in anticipation of a decline in Chinese output and closure of ecologically harmful and surplus production capacities,” Alexander Gabuyev, head of the Russia in the Asian-Pacific program at the Carnegie Moscow Center, told Xinhua in a recent interview.
According to China's General Administration of Customs, the import and export turnover between Russia and China in January-July 2017 amounted to 46.82 billion dollars, an increase of 21.8 percent year-on-year. “Given the importance of raw materials in Russian exports, and if oil prices stay at the current level and metal prices remain high, then 80 billion will be achieved by the end of the year,” Gabuyev said.
Meanwhile, statistics show that Russia's non-resource exports to China are also growing, which in Gabuyev's opinion should be attributed to the cheap ruble and joint efforts of both governments to eliminate tariff barriers and improve infrastructure in order to promote the trade of food products. “Russia has significantly increased the supply of food products to China, and the assortment is gradually expanding,” managing director of the International Trade Promotion division of the Russian Export Center (REC) Mikhail Mamonov said, specifying that Russian confectionery, mineral water and vegetable oil are especially popular with Chinese consumers.—Xinhua
Published:
Share This
Jimoh Moshood, spokesman of the Nigeria police force, says the killing of seven officers in Abuja has shown the need for the special anti-robbery squad (SARS)There has been a campaign to scrap SARS over alleged excesses.Speaking with reporters in Abuja on Tuesday, Moshood said efforts were in place to arrest those who killed the officers in the line of duty.He said the force would not leave any stone unturned in bringing the perpetrators to book.“The killing of the policemen goes a long way to prove that the call for the disbandment of the SARS is not justified,” he said.Prior to the tragic incident, residents of Galadimawa raised security concerns in the area.https://www.thecable.ng/jimoh-moshood-officers-killed-in-abuja-shows-why-sars-wont-be-disbanded
Pro Kabaddi League 2017 Season 5 : Rahul Chaudhari vs Pardeep Narwal. Who is better? the numbers don't lie.
The unbelievable statistics behind these two men.
by Somesh Chandran Opinion 14 Aug 2017, 17:13 IST
Chaudhari and Narwal are among the best kabaddi players the sport has seen
Whether they play against each other, against other teams, or dont play at all - when you mention Rahul Chaudhari or Pardeep Narwal, it's extremely hard to not begin a comparison. We're now at a stage where we're compelled to assess Pardeep and Rahul against each other. It almost seems impossible to simply analyze one of them in a vacuum. It's an entitlement and a burden that comes with being the two best kabaddi players on the planet.
Since the beginning of Pro Kabaddi League season 3, the both of them have have been subliminally trading punches against each other. Whether they admit to it or not is a whole another ballgame. While Chaudhari firmly cemented himself among the elite from season 1 itself, a relatively younger Narwal found his footing from season 3 on wards.
To put things into perspective - Telugu Titans' star man and captain has notched up an impressive 296 raid points since the beginning of season 3. He's managed to score these points over a period of 37 games. That's an average of 8 points a game. Every single kabaddi coach on this planet would readily accept this average from his player. But it's when you compare it to Pardeep's numbers, things begin to get interesting.
At 36 games, Pardeep Narwal has played almost an identical number of matches. Unbelievably, he's also scored around the same number of points - 298, two more than Chaudhari. As a result, his average point tally per game stands at a marginally better - 8.2. Taking into account their massive yet ever so slightly different point tally, it becomes impossible to arrive at a conclusion.
Add in another variable and there is still no sight of a consensus. In the 36 games that he's been part of since season 3, every time he's gone up to raid, Patna's star man has successfully come back 226 times. Which means, every time Pardeep's raid ends successfully, on an average, he gets his team 1.3 points.
At 241 - Rahul's numerical success in attack stands at a slightly higher number. As a result, every time Chaudhari ends his raid successfully, on an average, he scores 1.25 points. Note - the writer hasn't taken into account the number of failed raid attempts. Once again, Chaudhari and Narwal just cant seem to separate themselves. The numbers dont lie. Five seasons into Pro Kabaddi and we still cant decide who is the better player.
It hasn't stopped players and coaches from voicing their opinion. Ever since the inception of season 5, numerous individuals have chipped in with their opinion on who they reckon is the better player. They may be subjective and biased opinions but they provide an interesting insight into the thoughts of the kabaddi fraternity on these two supreme athletes.
“The kind of footwork Rahul has, Pardeep can't match that. Rahul has every single skill, hand touch, kick, flexibility, turning, he has it all. Pardeep only has the dubki. There's no doubt that Pardeep is a good raider, his dubki is the best and can take out even the best defenders,” the words of Rahul Chaudhari's Telugu teammate, veteran allrounder, Rakesh Kumar.
“Of course I feel Pardeep Narwal is a better player than Rahul because he has a lot of tricks up his sleeve. He plays in a unique way. Rahul plays with a little pressure while Pardeep uses his mind. He targets the oppositions weakness and attacks in those areas,” Pardeep's Patna Pirates colleague, defender, Vishal Mane explained.
While Pardeep has always shied away from speaking about his rivalry with Rahul, the latter recently provided an interesting comparsion between himself and Pardeep - "If you compare him to me, I am still on top. The defenders in the other teams are very strong. In our team, when I get out, I have to sit out for fifteen minutes! If Pardeep Narwal gets tackled, his defenders bring him back in the very next raid," Chaudhari opined.
There seems to be no end to this fascinating yet difficult debate. Whatever said and done, as viewers we're blessed to witness two of the greatest kabaddi players of our generation, putting on a show, week in week out.
Kuala Lumpur
Ahmad Al Salih's injury-time free kick dealt China's already faint World Cup hopes another body blow as they were held 2-2 by Syria on Tuesday. China had fought back from Syria's first-half penalty to lead 2-1 before the bearded Al Salih skilfully converted from the edge of the ‘D' in the third added minute. Marcello Lippi's China now face the unlikely prospect of making up six points and four goals in goal-difference to snatch third place and a play-off spot in Group A. Victory over war-torn Syria would have lifted China's chances after third-placed Uzbekistan went down 2-0 to Iran. Only the top two teams earn an automatic spot at next year's World Cup. Mahmoud Al Mawas put Syria ahead in the 12th minute from the penalty spot — even after he was forced to take his kick twice for an infraction. China threatened but the clock was ticking down when Zhang Linpeng took a tumble in the box for what looked like a soft penalty, which was converted by Gao Lin on 68 minutes. Wu Xi earned China a 2-1 lead when he found space to swing his right boot and bury a volley in the 74th minute, putting his team on course for only their second win in the group. But Salih, who had complained bitterly about China's penalty, stepped up in injury time to place his free kick past the despairing dive of goalkeeper Zeng Cheng. Syria remains in fourth place in the group, ahead of China who play Uzbekistan and rock-bottom Qatar in their last two games.—APP
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Bristol man has been jailed for more than a year after he set up a fly-tipping business on Facebook and was caught dumping waste in the countryside.
Daniel Bryant, 44, was handed the harshest fly-tipping sentence the council has seen after he was caught dropping mattresses and driving while disqualified.
Bryant, of Duncombe Road, Speedwell, was jailed at Bristol Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, January 31 after he was caught by South Gloucestershire Council's environmental protection team.
He has now been jailed for 15 months.
South Gloucestershire Council's Cabinet Member for Communities and Tourism Heather Goddard said: “Fly-tipping is an issue that affects our communities and local environment and this activity will not be tolerated in South Gloucestershire. This particular case saw the offender disregarding the law and a previous conviction to deliberately dump the waste in a rural location.
“Through liaison with the police it was established he carried out these fly-tips while banned from driving, which helped us to secure this excellent result and considerable custodial sentence.
“There is no excuse for this type of behaviour. Waste crime puts the environment at risk and anyone found to be fly tipping in South Gloucestershire will be prosecuted. Residents also have a duty of care to ensure that they only give their waste to registered waste carriers.”
The court heard Bryant set up the business Magic Rubbish Clearances which he advertised using Facebook and business cards between January and August 2017.
He was first caught in March2017 when his vehicle was found at the scene of two fly-tips in South Gloucestershire. Bryant attempted to tip the waste on Siston Common but was spotted by a resident and left, instead dumping the waste in nearby Cattybrook Road.
It was established social media had been used to order a collection of the waste that Bryant then dumped.
On June 3, 2017, Bryant was photographed dumping a number of mattresses at Beach Hill in Upton Cheyney.
The pictures were posted on Facebook and seen by thousands of people.
Bryant then returned to collect the mattresses after seeing the Facebook post.
Bryant told council officers he had accidentally dumped the mattresses but admitted two offences at Cattybrook Road. He also admitted Waste Transfer Note offences and to processing waste at his home addresss.
During the council investigation, it emerged Bryant had been disqualified from driving in May 2017 and had been seen using his vehicle to fly-tip less than a week later.
Bryant pleaded guilty to the two Cattybrook Road offences and was jailed for 68 weeks and handed a £2,000 fine plus a £140 victim surcharge.
The magistrate drew attention to him driving while disqualified and activated a suspended sentence which was added to the initial 52-week sentence for flytipping.
Did you know that heart disease is the leading cause of death for both men and women in the United States? American Heart Month, celebrated in February, is an opportunity to raise awareness about heart disease and how people can prevent it.
Researchers and clinicians at Massachusetts General Hospital are working to improve treatment and care for patients with this disease. Over the next few weeks we'll be featuring some of their research – stay tuned for more!
We can all agree that carrying a lot of fat on our bodies isn't healthy. But when it comes to heart health, where the fat is located and the type of fat can make a big difference—especially for women.
New research from Massachusetts General Hospital finds that having a certain type of body fat known as ectopic fat in the midsection may put women at a greater risk for developing heart disease and other cardiovascular health issues in comparison to men.
Before we jump into the research, let's define a few terms:
Coronary artery disease (CAD): the most common type of heart disease and the leading cause of death in the United States in both men and women. CAD develops when plaque builds up in the arteries that supply blood to the heart.
Cardiometabolic risk: your risk of developing conditions including diabetes, heart disease or stroke
Ectopic fat: a dangerous type of fat that accumulates around vital organs such as the liver and abdomen
Previous studies have shown that the way fat is distributed in the body may be a health threat. For example, people with fat accumulation in and around their abdomen (often referred to as apple-shaped bodies) have a higher risk for coronary artery disease compared to individuals who store fat in their hips and thighs (commonly known as pear-shaped bodies).
Now new research presented at the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA) 2017 Annual Meeting, led by Miriam A. Bredella, MD, radiologist at Mass General, finds that gender also plays a key role.
Exploring differences between men and women
Bredella and her research team examined 200 overweight and obese but otherwise healthy adults. 91 of the participants were male, and all participants had a similar body mass index (BMI) and age.
The researchers found that female participants had more total body fat and more superficial “pinchable” fat in their thighs, but had a lower lean body mass (the amount of weight you carry on your body that isn't fat). Male participants had more ectopic fat in the abdomen (commonly referred to as a “beer belly”) and in their liver and muscle cells.
What's more, the study found that the risks of carrying ectopic fat at the abdomen differed for men and women. Ectopic fat did not increase men's risk of cardiometabolic disease but it significantly increased cardiometabolic risk in women with the same BMI.
“The detrimental fat depots deep in the belly, muscles, and liver are more damaging for cardiometabolic health in women compared to men,” said Bredella in an interview with Medical News Today.
This discrepancy could be due to the fact that men typically have higher muscle and lean mass, which are protective for cardiometabolic health.
More research is needed to better understand this discrepancy between men and women. More insights into the connections between body shape, gender and risk of CAD or other cardiometabolic disorders could also help to guide new treatment strategies for overweight patients.
However, there are actions that all individuals can take to reduce their cardiometabolic risk. Maintaining a healthy lifestyle with a balanced diet and exercise can help to increase muscle tissue and promote weight loss, both of which are beneficial to heart health.
This article was adapted from a post on Massachusetts General Hospital's Advances in Motion. Read the original post here.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
New concept image for B.A.P (TS Entertainment)
B.A.P (TS Entertainment)
Boyband B.A.P has released an image for the upcoming release of its new album.The band, slated to release the album in March, revealed the image via its official social media accounts. It showed a puzzle reminiscent of an old painting, with all but one-piece set in place.B.A.P is scheduled to kick off its world tour with a three-day concert at the Blue Square Samsung Electronics Hall from March 24-26.By Yoon Min-sik(minsikyoon@heraldcorp.com)
What is billed as the "first large-scale empirical study of media permissions and leaks from Android apps" has found that an alarming number can help themselves to your screen.
Over 89 per cent of apps in the Google Play Store make use of an API that requests screen capture or recording – and the user is oblivious as it evades the Android permission framework.
"Our study reveals several alarming privacy risks in the Android app ecosystem, including apps that over-provision their media permissions and apps that share image and video data with other parties in unexpected ways, without user knowledge or consent," the authors note.
"We also identify a previously unreported privacy risk that arises from third-party libraries that record and upload screenshots and videos of the screen without informing the user and without requiring any permissions."
Authors Elleen Pan (Northeastern University), Jingjing Ren (Northeastern University), Martina Lindorfer (UC Santa Barbara), Christo Wilson (Northeastern University), and David Choffnes (Northeastern University) studied 17,260 apps over a year from Google Play Store and other download sites, and used dynamic analysis on a subset of around 9,000 apps. Their paper is titled Panoptispy: Characterizing Audio and Video Exfiltration from Android Applications (summary and PDF).
They found that users and app developers, who purportedly set and control permissions, are unaware what third libraries are slurping. Or, in their words, the permission model is flawed because it's a) "coarse grained" and b) "incomplete".
There's a gaping void in Android security. "There is no permission required for third-party code in an app to continuously record the screen displayed to the user," they note.
Google captured over 80 per cent of the market by giving away Android for free, allowing it to dominate search, maps, video and more. But Google's main business is consumer data processing, selling the forensic targeting of users to advertisers. The more a phone knows, the more targeted and effective its ads can be.
Source: Panoptispy: Characterizing Audio and Video Exfiltration from Android Applications; Pan et al (click to enlarge)
On the upside, the authors "uncovered few instances of covert recording (ie, apps taking pictures or videos without users intentionally doing so)".
But they admit they may have missed a few as native code is not analysed. "Our static analysis approach focuses on methods from the Android SDK and not native code, so we may miss cases of media leaks. Likewise, we may miss leaks from dynamically loaded code."
The researchers plan to investigate third-party libraries on iOS next to see what slurping may be taking place there. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
In this image made available by Society 4 Climate Change Communication, Sierra Leone, mud and water flow in Freetown Sierra Leone on Aug. 14, 2017. Mudslides after heavy rains and flooding killed scores of people in Sierra Leone's capital on Monday. (Photo: AP)
Freetown, Sierra Leone — Mudslides and torrential flooding killed at least 250 people in and around Sierra Leone's capital early Monday following heavy rains, with many victims trapped in homes buried under tons of mud.
Survivors and volunteers dug through the mud and debris at times with their bare hands in a desperate search for missing relatives, and military personnel were deployed to help with the rescue operation in the West African nation.
Initial Red Cross estimates said as many as 3,000 people have been left homeless by the disaster, and the figure is expected to rise. Communications and electricity also have been affected.
The mortuary at Connaught Hospital was overwhelmed by the number of dead, and bodies had to be spread out on the floor, said coroner's technician Sinneh Kamara.
At least 250 bodies had been brought to the facility already, and that toll did not include the untold numbers buried alive in their homes as they slept. More bodies also were expected to be found as floodwaters receded.
In an interview with the Sierra Leone National Broadcasting Corp., Kamara urged the health department to deploy more ambulances to bolster the four belonging to the hospital.
The broadcaster interrupted regular programming to show scenes of people trying to retrieve the bodies of relatives, and some were shown carrying the dead to the morgue in rice sacks.
The president's office released a statement encouraging people to relocate to safer parts of Freetown and sign up at registration centers. The office made no mention of the death toll.
“The government is fully seized of the situation and in collaboration with our development partners, is undertaking a coordinated response to provide emergency services to our affected compatriots,” it said.
One particularly hard-hit area was the suburb of Regent, located east of Freetown.
“The mudslide swept down from the hills on the outskirts of Freetown early this morning and spared nothing in its path,” said Sasha Ekanayake, the Sierra Leone director for the charity Save the Children. “Houses are buried and entire families are missing, including children.”
Homes were destroyed by the flooding, while others were inundated by the floods, leaving many without shelter, Ekanayake said, adding that some children have been separated from their families.
“In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud,” said Abdul Nasir, program coordinator for the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
He said Red Cross volunteers have been digging with their bare hands and whatever tools available to search for survivors.
“They are also caring for and helping family members who are desperately waiting for news of their loved ones,” Nasir said.
Many of the impoverished areas of Sierra Leone's capital are close to sea level and have poor drainage systems, exacerbating flooding during the rainy season.
Freetown also is plagued by unregulated building of large residential houses in hilltop areas.
Deforestation for firewood and charcoal is one of the leading factors of worsening flooding and mudslides. Freetown's drainage channels also are often clogged because of garbage dumping due to insufficient sanitation services in many areas.
Keywords:
BC-AF--Sierra Leone-Mudslides,6th Ld-Writethru
Category:
News/World
Publisher:
DNATOM.a
Urgency:
Regular
Category (wire):
i
Supplementary category (wire):
-----
Transmission reference:
a1008
Edit status:
6th Ld-Writethru
Used in (by):
nw_compile tuesday briefs_09141517 (McMiller, Jim)
Copied by:
//
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uGRlqw
TORONTO — Ontario's new Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford is addressing supporters at a rally in Toronto tonight.
Christine Elliott, who placed second to Ford in the leadership race and initially contested his victory, is expected to introduce him at the event.
Members of the Tory caucus are also expected to attend the so-called "unity rally."
The Progressive Conservative leadership contest was triggered by the resignation of former leader Patrick Brown amid sexual harassment allegations.
Creative, The Magazine of Promotion and Marketing ISSN-0737-5883 is published on a bi-monthly basis by Magazines/Creative Inc., 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566, Tel. 516-378-0800. Form 3579 is requested. Second Class postage paid at New York, NY and additional mailing offices. Send address changes to Creative, 31 Merrick Avenue, Suite 60, Merrick, NY 11566 or via E-mail.
Creative is published in the interest of sales promotion and marketing executives who manage Point-of-Purchase Display, Trade Show Exhibit and Sales Promotion Programs. The annual subscription rate for the printed magazine is $30.00 in the United States and $50.00 in all other countries. The single copy price is $4.00 in the United States. The Annual Illustrated Guide is $20.00.
5 Players who could break Aaron Finch's T20I world record score
Prathmesh Patil FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 1.39K // 04 Jul 2018, 16:47 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Aaron Finch scored a record-breaking 172 runs off 76 balls against Zimbabwe
T20 cricket has revolutionized the game since its inception and had gained immense popularity after India won the inaugural World Cup in 2007 against their arch-rivals Pakistan in the finals.
The T20 format has not only made the game more entertaining but also changed the way ODI and Test matches are played. It has completely changed the batting style and has given batsmen more innovative ways to score runs.
It is a fast-paced game, and numerous records are broken in every match. Aaron Finch created history as he scored blazing 172 runs against Zimbabwe in a T20I match. During this knock, he bettered his own record of 156 runs against England.
Let us find out those players can break this batting record.
#5 Colin Munro (New Zealand)
Colin Munro clears the boundaries at will
Colin Munro is one of the most hard-hitting batsmen in world cricket. He plays an aggressive cricket right from ball one and can change the course of the game in quick time.
Munro has an impressive record in T20I cricket and also became the first player to score three centuries in this format. In 45 T20I matches, he has scored 1173 runs at an amazing strike rate of 163.59 with the highest score of 109 not out.
Though Munro has failed to replicate his performance in IPL, he is the number two T20 player in ICC T20 rankings and has performed on a consistent basis.
The Kiwi batsman has shown glimpses that he can get big scores consistently and if he continues his batting style, he can better the world record of 174 runs soon.
ALAMEDA, Calif. — Jon Gruden yelled out instructions, called out plays and ran an NFL practice for the first time since leaving coaching nearly a decade ago in Tampa Bay.
This was the day Gruden had been waiting for ever since he was hired for a second stint as Oakland Raiders coach.
The Raiders opened their first voluntary minicamp under Gruden on Tuesday with optimism that a change in coach can alter the fortunes of a team coming off a down season.
"The practice field has always been a laboratory for a coach," Gruden said. "That's where we earn our pay. We have to develop this team. We have to learn a lot about them quickly. We have a lot of things to teach, a lot of things to improve. It was fun to be out there. I don't want to be too deep or philosophical or I might start crying."
While only the first 30 minutes of practice were open to the media, there was a different vibe than in previous years with Gruden's loud voice replacing music as the soundtrack on the field.
There were even large video boards on the field, allowing players to watch replays of practice plays immediately after they happened to make corrections more quickly. Gruden said that was something his first saw watching Jim Harbaugh's practices at Michigan and adopted it himself.
Gruden viewed this minicamp as an examination to see how well the players have learned the plays and system in meeting rooms the past two weeks. Gruden said he tried to throw a few extra wrinkles at quarterback Derek Carr and was pleased with how he responded.
"He threw everything at me," Carr said. "He tried to get me to see if I was listening to him in the meetings. We had a lot of fun doing that. It's always fun to accept his challenge and hopefully do good at it and look at him or wink at him or something like that. We have fun together because we both have the same goal of putting the ship in the water and hitting this thing running."
Gruden takes over a team that fell from 12 wins in 2016 to just six last season, leading to the firing of coach Jack Del Rio and a second stint for Gruden in Oakland. The Raiders' facility looks far different than it did during Gruden's first tenure from 1998-2001 with a workout centre that Del Rio initiated and new fields.
The team needs plenty of work after last year's disappointment.
Patience key for US PGA victor Thomas
After falling short of the mark at this year's U.S. Open, Justin Thomas was able to learn from the experience as he won the US PGA.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 05:28 IST
US PGA Championship winner Justin Thomas
Justin Thomas pointed to lessons learned from his challenge at the U.S. Open after securing his first major title with victory in the US PGA Championship.
Thomas made headlines at Erin Hills in June with a nine-under 63 in round three, but ultimately finished in a tie for ninth - eight shots behind winner Brooks Koepka - following a final-round 75.
It was an altogether different story at Quail Hollow on Sunday as Thomas proved the class of the field, the 24-year-old American pulling clear of his rivals on the back nine to triumph by two strokes on eight under.
At the presentation of the Wanamaker Trophy, Thomas was asked what proved key to his success.
"Just patience," he replied. "At the U.S. Open, although Brooks had an unbelievable round, I didn't feel like I had my best stuff that day. I still learned that I needed to be a little bit more patient to have a better finish.
"Obviously you play to win and I had a great opportunity to win today, but I just knew that no matter where my game was at, I just needed to be patient. I felt like I had the game to get it done, it was just a matter of if I did it or not."
One Major goal achieved pic.twitter.com/98hW0L7gmY — The European Tour (@EuropeanTour) August 13, 2017
Close friends Jordan Spieth - who came up short in his bid to complete a career Grand Slam this week - and Rickie Fowler were among the first to congratulate Thomas beside the 18th green.
"All the guys that stuck around ... I mean, Bud Cauley, he finished before I even started, so for him to stick around and all the guys to be here, it's a cool thing we have going on right now with the young golfers," Thomas added.
"We're all rooting for each other and if we can't play well, we want the others to play well. Obviously it was great to win, but I feel like it's part of a little group now."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SUBMITTED PHOTO This Steamtown National Historic Site photo by volunteer James Benetzky will be featured in a stamp set focused on National Park Service sites.
For the first time in the Steamtown National Historic Site's 32 years, the park will appear on collectors' stamps sold across the National Park System.
Distributed by Eastern National, the Passport To Your National Parks 2018 Regional Stamp Set — collected by many park enthusiasts — now features Steamtown as its 2018 Mid-Atlantic Regional Stamp.
The historic site joins numerous parks featured on the stamps, which are placed inside Eastern National's passports books.
“There are millions of frequent National Park visitors, and we're all about trying to get more people to visit our park,” said Ruth Giardina, Steamtown gift shop manager. “One way to encourage people is the passport.”
Giardina was instrumental in getting a Steamtown stamp.
The stamp features a photo by Steamtown volunteer James Benetzky that shows a steam engine pulling through the park's turntable, a device used to turn trains. The park's other engines can be seen in the background.
“It is a very dynamic photo and stood out from the rest” because the photo doesn't feature typical landscape imagery, said Emily Geesaman, Eastern National marketing manager. “It's a more action-oriented and compelling image that showcases this particular site.”
Passport books vary in size and color; the most common is a 104-page guidebook mimicking the look of a United States passport. Its pages give detailed information about the national park system, while blank pages leave space to place the stamps and date cancellations found in most park bookstores. Cancellations mark the date and name of the park visited.
Eastern National, a nonprofit that supports the national park system by enhancing visitors' experiences with educational products, releases new commemorative stamp sets every year. This is the first year Steamtown, which opened in 1986 — the same year Eastern National started distributing the stamps — has made the cut. Eastern National runs Steamtown's gift shop.
Steamtown joins the Eleanor Roosevelt National Historic Site, Biscayne National Park and Appalachian National Scenic Trail, among others, on the new 10-stamp set, which cost $4.95.
“It brings more awareness,” said Steamtown Superintendent Debbie Conway. “There are a lot of people who definitely have their national park passport wherever they go.”
Collectors often comb through previous years' stamp sets in national park gift shops to find certain parks for their passports. The historic site is among 417 units of the National Park Service, which includes major destinations such as the Grand Canyon, recreation areas and military parks.
For details on the stamps and passport books, visit Eastern National on Facebook or easternnational.org. To purchase stamp sets, visit www.eparks.com. For details on the Steamtown National Historic site, visit www.nps.gov/stea.
Contact the writer:
kbolus@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100 x5114;
@kbolusTT on Twitter
As a saucepan clattered to the floor, Ro Hume's World War II veteran father rolled off the couch and shielded her with his body.
Hume, a member of Action Together NEPA Inc., shared his shaky reaction to a common kitchen sound Sunday as people gathered in support of protesters who demonstrated against a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Hume expressed anger at the promoters of fascist ideals her father and other soldiers fought a war to end.
“I cannot spend another moment condoning what is the resurgence of a belief that would kill people purely for the things they have no control over,” said Hume, a self-described baby boomer. “How dare they flaunt the symbols of murder and genocide on
American soil.”
The Rally in Solidarity with Charlottesville Anti-fascists and the Scranton Rally for Love at Lackawanna County Courthouse Square in Scranton came together in response to the events in Charlottesville on Saturday, where a white nationalist rally over the removal of a Robert E. Lee statue turned deadly.
Three people were killed including Heather D. Heyer, 32, of Charlottesville, who died when a car, driven by James Alex Fields Jr., of Ohio, plowed into a crowd of protesters. Near the end of the demonstration, a moment of silence was held for Heyer. Two Virginia state troopers also died when a helicopter deployed in response to the violence crashed.
In less than 24 hours, Action Together and Northeast Pennsylvania Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) rallied about 100 members of the Scranton community — young and old — to peacefully gather at the square. Groups organized similar events across the country, including in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Denver, Seattle and New York, the Associated Press reported.
“It's important that they not feel alone. It's not just them standing out against fascism. We have their back,” said Jon Christiansen, a delegate with IWW who helped organize the rally. “It's important for Scranton and other communities to say we're not going to accept fascism.”
Sabrina Hannon decided that silence is complacency. The 29-year-old from Clarks Summit and president of NEPA Now put her “money where her mouth is” Sunday and joined the rally.
Andrew Cutillo wanted to show his support for the Charlottesville victims Sunday.
“There are many people in the Scranton community who feel personally affected by some of the national tones that this movement represents and I think it's up to each of us to do what we can to show solidarity,” said Cutillo, 26, of Clarks Summit.
Many speakers, including Rabbi Daniel Swartz, addressed the crowd carrying glowing candles and signs with the words “Hate Has No Home Here” and “Scranton Does Not Welcome Hate.”
“We need to open our doors and love each other a little bit more,” said Swartz. “That's the future we need to build.”
Before the rally ended Sunday, Hume asked everyone to light a candle at 10 p.m. for Heyer. The groups, however, had few to give away.
“That's a testament to Scranton. ... You're going to have to find your own candle.”
Contact the writer:
kbolus@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100 x5114;
@kbolusTT on Twitter
An 81-year-old woman named Marilyn Hammerman from Rockville, Maryland went to an amusement park called Funland in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware last week.
And when she tried to ride the bumper cars, the person taking tickets noticed that Marilyn's didn't seem right.
The cops came, and it turned out the tickets were counterfeit, and apparently, it wasn't the first time Marilyn had used them.
Yes, this 81-year-old woman set up a counterfeit operation to make fake tickets to use to ride amusement park rides.
She was arrested for theft of services.
There will be an informational meeting about state tolls on Saturday, April 28, at 10 a.m. at Milford City Hall, 110 River St.
State Representatives Kim Rose (D-Milford), Dorinda Borer (D-West Haven), Philip Young (D-Stratford) and Joe Gresko (D-Stratford) will lead the meeting on the tolls study legislation in Connecticut.
Legislators will talk about and present current legislation that calls for a study of tolls and what impact that may have on residents and commuters in Connecticut.
Shares of the Torrent Pharma on Wednesday ended 1.05% down at Rs1,333.95 apiece on the BSE.
New Delhi:Torrent Pharmaceuticals on Wednesday posted 11% increase in consolidated net profit at Rs228 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 2018, driven by robust sales in domestic market.
The company had reported a net profit of Rs206 crore during the same period last year. Revenues for the fourth quarter rose to Rs1,722 crore, as compared with Rs1,434 crore in the January-March period of 2016-17, Torrent Pharmaceuticals said in a regulatory filing.
For the year ended 31 March, 2018, the company posted a net profit of Rs678 crore, down 27% from Rs934 crore in 2016-17.
Revenues during the year, however, rose by 2% to Rs6,002 crore, compared with Rs5,857 crore in 2016-17.
During the year ended 31 March, 2018, the company said its revenues in the domestic market grew by 19% to Rs2,351 crore, as against Rs1,976 crore in 2016-17.
In the US market, the company said its revenues declined to 1,100 crore in 2017-18 as compared with Rs1,346 crore in 2016-17.
The company's board recommended a final dividend of Rs5 per equity share of face value of Rs5 each.
Shares of the Torrent Pharma on Wednesday ended 1.05% down at Rs1,333.95 apiece on the BSE.
Broad Street High School freshman Jarkevious Johnson has continued to get noticed on the baseball diamond.
Johnson, 15, will be competing for the Southeast team in the USA Baseball National Team Identification Series in Cary, N.C. Johnson will be playing pitcher and outfield for the Southeast team. The series will begin on Thursday and will end on Sunday.
He was selected after playing with the Fort Bend Texans in the 14U East, USA Baseball Championships in Jupiter, Fla. during the month of June. He met all of the requirements to be one of 18 players on the Southeast team.
“I think it's a great honor for him,” Broad Street head baseball coach Ashkelon Stapleton said. “Not too many kids get the exposure especially if you're trying to get your name out there. He's very excited about it. He's worked hard this entire summer.”
Johnson, who played a key role in Broad Street winning the Region 3-1A Title in baseball this past season, has done a lot of work on his own.
“He's been doing some things correct,” Stapleton said. “His teammates come to see him in the evenings work out with the (Shelby) Sluggers. They make sure he does the right things as far as condition and techniques. You have kids behind him that are willing to put in the extra work. With the kids coming, he's leaving a trail behind for them to follow. It's a plus, plus.”
Around 80 killed in Brazil prison riot after lack of water
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
At least 80 inmates have been killed during a riot at a prison in Brazil's rainforest city of Manaus - sparked because of a lack of water, it has been reported.
The uprising at the Anisio Jobin Penitentiary began yesterday afternoon during visiting hours when a number of prisoners are reported to have escaped.
The bloodbath is now being blamed on rivalry between the city's two main gangs, Family of the North (FDN) and the First Command of the Capital (PCC), Brazil's largest criminal organisation.
Rioters have reportedly thrown many bodies out of the windows of the jail, while at least six victims had their heads decapitated, according to reports.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Getty Images South America)
A video taken by an inmate inside the prison shows dozens of bodies, some with their clothes removed, piled up on a blood-soaked floor.
Negotiations are continuing to release seven prison staff who are still being held hostage, police said.
Inmates' main demand is the return of the overcrowded jail's water supply, which police said was cut several months ago.
Some are also asking for their cases to be reviewed and prisoners who had been transferred there from semi-open prisons to be able to return.
(Photo: Getty)
The high-security prison which holds some of the northern Brazilian city's most dangerous criminals, has capacity for 454 inmates but currently holds 1,108.
Public security secretary Sergio Fontes called the rebellion a "massacre" and blamed the uprising on gang warfare not the jail's appalling conditions.
He said: "I say 'massacre' because six deaths for me is already a massacre.
"Everything points to an attack by the biggest faction against the smallest, to eliminate the competition."
Authorities have refused to say how many inmates had fled the prison, which is surrounded by jungle, but confirmed that 20 men have so far been recaptured.
© Aleksey Malgavko/Sputnik
The Russian military has reportedly accepted thatThe update on the trials of the missile comes from a source in the defense industry cited by TASS news agency. Almaz-Antey, the producer of the S-400 system, declined to comment on the news.according to open source data.There are conflicting reports about whether the missile is capable of engaging high-altitude targets, with some sources claiming it may have maximum altitude of 185km while others saying it is designed with a conservative ceiling of 30km.The first successful test of the 40N6E was reported in 2015. The S-400 is currently the backbone of Russia's long-range air defense architecture. The Russian military has been in the process of replacing older S-300 variant with the newer system since 2007. The older missiles that the S-400 can fire has a range of up to 250 km.
CALGARY — Sean Monahan scored the winner 59 seconds into overtime Saturday night as the Calgary Flames snapped a six-game winless skid with a 4-3 victory over the Chicago Blackhawks.
On an odd-man rush, TJ Brodie dropped the pass into the slot for Monahan, who made no mistake burying his team-leading 24th of the season past Jeff Glass on the blocker side.
Matt Stajan, Johnny Gaudreau and Michael Frolik also scored for Calgary (26-18-8). The two sides meet again on Tuesday in Chicago as the Flames open a six-game road trip.
Nick Schmaltz, Vinnie Hinostroza and Anthony Duclair scored for Chicago (24-20-8). The Blackhawks wrapped up their four-game road trip with a 2-1-1 mark.
Down 3-2, Calgary tied it at 9:50 of third period when Frolik fired a wrist shot past Glass after a pretty set-up by Mikael Backlund.
It was the first goal since Dec. 20 for the veteran Czech, who returned two games ago from a broken jaw that had sidelined him for 12 games.
Chicago broke a 2-2 tie at 14:13 of the second on Duclair's second goal since joining the Blackhawks in a trade with Arizona. Brodie bobbled the puck at the offensive blue line enabling Duclair to race away on a breakaway, beating Mike Smith on the blocker side.
Trailing 2-0, Calgary got back to even on second-period goals from Stajan and Gaudreau.
Getting the Flames on the scoreboard at 5:56 was the suddenly-hot Stajan. Sprung on a breakaway by an alert pass from Travis Hamonic, the veteran put a shot inside the post on Glass for his second goal in as many games and third in the last eight games. Stajan had just one assist in the season's first 34 games.
Just over five minutes later, Calgary pulled even when Gaudreau one-timed Micheal Ferland's pass behind Glass for his 16th goal.
German startup N26 is now live in 17 European countries, but many features first launched in Germany and never made their way to other markets. The startup is slowly expanding core features to other key markets. That's why the company is partnering with Younited Credit to launch consumer credit in France.
It works pretty much like the existing credit feature in Germany. In the app, you swipe to the credit tab and answer a few questions about yourself. You'll tell how much money you need, if you're single or married, if you're a homeowner, etc.
A bit later, the app will give you a clear quote telling you how much money you're borrowing, how much you'll end up paying in total, the effective or nominal interest rate and your monthly payments.
You can also adjust your credit line by adjusting the length of the repayment process or the amount you're willing to pay back every month. N26 doesn't try to hide anything from you.
If you're not familiar with Younited Credit, the company is a leading crowdlending platform in Europe. The startup has recently raised nearly $50 million in its latest founding round.
On Younited Credit's website, consumers can borrow anything between €1,000 and €40,000 for 24 to 72 months without talking to an actual bank. N26 users access the same product without any restriction.
The platform matches those credit lines with other users willing to lend money, as well as companies, pension funds, insurance companies, etc. And Younited Credit thinks it can build an efficient credit rating system from scratch.
N26 users won't have to sign up to Younited Credit to borrow some money. Everything happens in the N26 app using Younited Credit's API. And I'm sure N26 also takes a small cut on each transaction.
N26 recently partnered with Auxmoney in Germany to offer credit to more customers. It's another credit marketplace, and it shows that N26 is willing to partner with multiple companies in the same space if it makes sense. N26 wants to build a thorough financial hub so that you'll end up buying new all sorts of financial products through the N26 app.
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
OTTAWA—A B.C. firm connected to the Facebook data scandal defended their political work Tuesday, suggesting their high-tech campaign tools were no different than traditional electioneering techniques. Victoria-based AggregateIQ has been linked to Cambridge Analytica, the U.K.-based political consultants at the heart of the ongoing Facebook data scandal. But AggregateIQ chief operating officer Jeff Silvester downplayed his company's services as simply a modern version of time-tested political campaigning. Silvester said AggregateIQ helps political campaigns design and place advertising campaigns, and develops tools to keep track of voter outreach efforts. “The ads that we show, it's the digital equivalent of an ad on someone's lawn or on a street corner,” Silvester told MPs on the House of Commons ethics committee Tuesday. “You choose where you want it to go, you put your message on there and people drive by and see it. And it's the same for the internet and (the) same with going door-to-door and the same with making phone calls.”
Article Continued Below
The committee began a second week of hearings into the Cambridge Analytica/Facebook scandal on Tuesday. Cambridge Analytica is accused of purchasing the data of 87 million Facebook users, and selling their analysis of that data to help influence political campaigns in the U.S. and U.K. More than 600,000 Canadian Facebook users had their personal information harvested by Cambridge Analytica. Testifying before the U.K. parliament last month, whistleblower Christopher Wylie suggested AggregateIQ was closely tied to Cambridge Analytica. Wylie, a former colleague of Silvester's, said he believed AggregateIQ had access to Cambridge Analytica databases while working for the Brexit's Leave campaign in the U.K. AggregateIQ is also currently facing questions from authorities in the U.K. for their role in alleged campaign spending violations by the Leave campaign.
Silvester told Canadian MPs that AggregateIQ used data provided by SCL Group, a company also affiliated with Cambridge Analytica, for their work in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. But Silvester claimed AggregateIQ deletes their clients' data after every job. “(The data) did contain some scores or ranking within that information. Some of that was, for example, turnout score,” Silvester said, explaining that “turnout score” indicated the likelihood a particular citizen would vote. “But it also had five rankings for scores for personality in it.” Silvester repeatedly disputed Wylie's testimony about the connections between AggregateIQ, Cambridge Analytica, and SCL. But MPs were incredulous at the company's explanations. “We're talking about the integrity of electoral and democratic institutions around the world. Questions very straightforward about their corporate ties to SCL, their deep connections to Cambridge Analytica, their role in possibly undermining the Brexit vote … we couldn't even get the decency of an honest answer,” said NDP ethics critic Charlie Angus. “They didn't seem to be as honest or as fulsome as they should have been,” said Nathaniel Erskine-Smith, the Liberal's deputy chair on the committee. The committee was originally thought to be planning just over two weeks of hearings on the Cambridge Analytica scandal. But committee chair Bob Zimmer said it's likely the committee will extend those hearings, after the first three days of testimony have raised more questions than they've answered.
Read more about:
FIFA Mobile: Jackichand Singh becomes first Indian to have 80+ pace rating
Jackichand Singh crosses a landmark previously unscaled by Indian footballers on FIFA
by deevyamulani News 14 Aug 2017, 19:36 IST
Jackichand Singh has been touted as the rising star of Indian football
What's the story?
Star Indian national team forward Jackichand Singh has become the first Indian to receive a pace rating over the 80-point mark in any edition of the FIFA series. The striker reaches this landmark ahead of much-renowned teammates like Sunil Chhetri and Jeje Lalpekhlua on FIFA Mobile.
In case you didn't know...
The Indian national football team has been included in all editions after 2014 due to the immense popular demand for football in the country. The Blue Tigers on FIFA have not yet seen their overall rating cross the 70-point mark and the nation of a 1.6 billion people is still a one-star team on FIFA.
FIFA Mobile is an offering of EA Sports but it is a mobile-only video game. Player ratings are updated frequently and every new update brings about better graphics and updated player ratings. With the game's size less than 100 MB, FIFA Mobile has become hugely popular among football fans with over 50 million downloads on android devices.
Progress is being made with the development of football in the country and it is evident with the rumoured inclusion of the Indian Super League in the upcoming EA Sports instalment, FIFA 18.
The heart of the matter
Jackichand has been preceded by highly recognised Indian footballers like Chhetri and Jeje but with the latest FIFA Mobile update, he became the first Indian player ever to have breached the 80-mark when it comes to pace ratings.
The striker is one of the fastest players in the national side on the game with his pace rated at a level of 83. This rating is considerably higher than the next best player, Eugeneson Lyngdoh, who has a pace rating of 78.
What's next?
Further analysis reveals that Jackichand Singh is the only top level Indian player on FIFA Mobile to have any attribute over the 80-point mark. No one from the ranks of known Indian players like Jeje Lalpekhlua, Sunil Chhetri and Lalrindika Ralte have crossed the mark.
Even Gurupreet Singh Sandhu, the goalkeeper who famously became the first Indian to ply his trade in a first division team in Europe with Norwegian side Staebaek does not have any attribute over 80.
Author's take
While the above statistics are a damning indictment of Indian football, the positive side is that the signs of progress are present. Nobody had ever crossed the 80-point barrier in the history of the Blue Tigers on FIFA (console and mobile) but Jackichand's achievement is a step in the right direction. With football gaining a massive fan base in the country and an ever larger number of youth taking it up as a sport, expect Indian footballers to start regularly crossing the 80 mark on FIFA soon.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The only person wrong in this debate is, as usual, Isiah Thomas.
Because what the Hall of Fame point guard and failed New York Knicks coach told ESPN on Monday when he stuck his nose into the Michael Jordan-LeBron James debate ranks as undeniably stupid.
“What I'm witnessing in LeBron James is a complete basketball player dominating this period of time,” the former Detroit Piston said. “I haven't seen anyone else do that in our league with the exception of two people. That's Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Bill Russell.
“But when you talk about just a basketball player, a complete basketball player, LeBron James is a much better basketball player than Michael Jordan.”
Well, we've learned over the years to take Isiah's views with a grain of salt. Reading between the lines, it's clear he's casting the spotlight on Russell's dominance in the 1950s and early '60s and Kareem's in the 1970s without mentioning Jordan's dominance in the 1980s and 1990s, which also is the era Thomas played. Fair enough.
What's not fair, to either his Airness or King James, is the tone of the comment.
LeBron is a “much better basketball player” than Jordan?
We live in an era where opinions have to be extremely hot and incredibly pointed to be heard, but Isiah Thomas should know better. It's impossible to be a “much better basketball player” than the man who might have been the most transcendent athlete ever.
That's not to say it's impossible to be better.
Tonight, the NBA Finals start in Oakland as the powerhouse Golden State Warriors take on what technically is the Cleveland Cavaliers but, in all reality, the opponent will be viewed as LeBron himself. All alone.
The “he does it all by himself” argument is not a knew one in sports, and it's most often ridiculous. But with
LeBron and these Cavs, it's difficult to dispute there's not some merit. Glance at the roster, and it's not only difficult to picture this team sitting four games away from another championship without him on the roster, it's almost impossible to argue this would be a sure playoff team, even in the East.
In 18 playoff games this season, LeBron is averaging 34 points, 9.2 rebounds and 8.8 assists. A near-triple double in the postseason. In the two Game 7s the Cavs had to play to get out of the East, he averaged 40 points, 11.5 boards and eight assists.
Statistically, he is one of the great postseason players of all time, and this might be his best one. Consider that 46.1 percent of the points the Cavaliers scored this postseason were scored by LeBron or courtesy of a LeBron assist. Speaking of assists, he has 70 in these playoffs just on 3-point baskets.
There's no other player on the Cavaliers who have that many assists on any type of bucket. Not even close. George Hill's 33 are second-best on the team in the playoff.
LeBron James has 158 assists, and he's not a point guard.
So, as LeBron's latest run at a championship starts tonight, and the LBJ vs. MJ debate is in full force nationally through social media and even the broadcast of the games, understand this: It's hardly an illegitimate discussion. As great as Jordan was, and for those of us who cut our teeth as sports fans in his heyday, he was Babe Ruth and Jim Brown and Wayne Gretzky on the court and a marketing trendsetter away from it, LeBron James is worthy of being in the argument. He might be worthy of being called better.
We'll never know, though. That's the nature of arguments between eras.
Is, for instance, Jason Giambi a better hitter than Babe Ruth? At first blush, it's a ridiculous question. Giambi was the bigger, stronger athlete. There's no question that Giambi played in an era where the ball is livelier, where pitchers threw harder, where specialized relievers were brought in to get him out late in games. There's no debate if you had a pitcher throwing a hard, biting slider and you had to send one of those hitters up in a key situation, there's good reason to give the nod to Giambi. He, after all, has seen more sliders, and splitters, and all the different types of changeups hitters see today.
You can make that kind of argument across any era. Athletes change. The games change. Would you rather hand the ball off to Jim Brown, or Saquon Barkley? Isn't it not just possible, but likely, that a hard-hitting tennis player today, say John Isner, would completely overpower Bjorn Borg in his prime?
LeBron and Jordan don't have generations separating them, but they are from different times in different types of games, and the bottom line is, they're both great. It's so close, and isn't that the ultimate compliment to King James? If he wins the NBA Championship next month, as big an upset as many would see it, in practically a 5-on-1 setting, does that mean the torch is passed?
Or is it just a sign that there shouldn't only be one torch to begin with?
DONNIE COLLINS is a sports columnist for The Times-Tribune. Contact him at dcollins@timesshamrock.com and follow him on Twitter @DonnieCollinsTT.
IF Parliament – and the Government – want to show that they're on the side of ordinary people, they will get behind Sir Greg Knight's Private Member's Bill that intends, if enacted, to hold rogue parking operators to account.
Though archaic Parliamentary procedures mean such Bills have very little chance of becoming law, the East Yorkshire MP deserves credit for proposing a new mandatory code of practice that stops motorists paying the price for “poor signage, unreasonable terms, exorbitant fines, aggressive demands for payment, and an opaque appeals process have no place in 21st century Britain”.
As all those drivers who have been clamped in the tourist village of Haworth, or other locations, know to their cost, the current rules and regulations have been exploited. And, as Sir Greg says, the only people who have anything to fear from his reform are those unscrupulous operators whose sharp practice gives their industry a bad name.
By Jessica Estrada | February 14, 2017 | Watches & Jewelry
Haven't jumped on the hoop earring bandwagon yet? The trend is back and better than ever. Hop on with these stylish hoops of all different sizes and styles.
Lana Jewelry
Reckless Rose Hooked On Hoop, Lana Jewelry ($1,995). lanajewelry.com
At once edgy and classy, these simple gold hoops with dazzling black diamonds make a major statement.
ERA Jewelry
Brick Brigade Hoops, ERA Jewelry ($713). erajewelrydesigns.com
Although dainty in size, this baby rose gold hoops will turn heads thanks to their darling dangling white sapphires.
Erickson Beamon
Wild Thing Gold-Plated Swarovski Crystal Earrings, Erickson Beamon ($235). net-a-porter.com
Why rock one pair of hoops when you can rock three? These not-so-subtle hoops combine gold, crystals, and box chain into a wearable piece of art.
Gorjana
Shimmer Hoops, Gorjana ($65). gorjana.com
Whether you wear them with your hair up or down, these shimmery hoops will elicit tons of compliments.
Lionette
Kerala Earrings, Lionette ($338). lionetteny.com
Boho and glam come together to create these dazzling hoops covered in Swarovski crystals.
Jennifer Zeuner
Tenley Hoops, Jennifer Zeuner ($198). jenniferzeuner.com
If you're more of a minimalist when it comes to jewelry, these subtle, go-with-everything hoops are for you.
Alexander McQueen
Swarovski Crystal and Faux Pearl Earrings, Alexander McQueen ($1,395). net-a-porter.com
Go big or go home with these decadent Alexander McQueen gold-plated hoops decked out with crystals and pearls.
Rosantica
Carmen Beaded Hoop Earrings, Rosantica ($298). intermixonline.com
Add some color to your jewelry collection with these vibrant hoops. You'll feel like you're on an exotic vacay every time you put them on.
Aurelie Bidermann
Diana Black Twisted Hoop Earrings, Aurelie Bidermann ($331). aureliebidermann.com
You'll definitely want to don sleek, swept back hair with these enamel hoops with a cool 1960's vibe.
Isabel Marant
Perky Beaded Hoop-Drop earrings, Isabel Marant ($165). matchesfashion.com
In true Isabel Marant fashion, these hoops are the epitome of bohemian chic with their gold hue and eclectic mix of colored beads.
Swarovski
Crystaldust Hoop Pierced Earrings, Swarovski ($59). Miracle Mile Shops, 3663 S. Las Vegas Blvd., 702-732-7302
There's no denying that these crystal-encrusted hoops pack a major style punch.
NEW YORK — A French-Italian crew has won the first leg of the Atlantic Cup by reaching New York an hour and a half ahead of an American crew after sailing 648 nautical miles from Charleston, South Carolina.
Skipper Catherine Pourre and Pietro Luciani on Earendil sailed into New York ahead of the American crew of Amhas, Micah Davis and Rob Windsor.
Earendil moved into the lead after a long, intense battle with Amhas. The French-Italian duo played the conditions perfectly, allowing it to gain a tactical and speed advantage after gybing in from the Gulf Stream to race along the New Jersey shore.
The second stage of three-stage race, to Portland, Maine, begins Saturday. The race will cover 1,008 nautical miles and is being sailed in Class40s.
FOX NEWS:
Nearly 200 people from Mexico and Central America were stuffed inside large trucks and caught trying to enter the United States illegally during three huge January smuggling busts that occurred in just nine days.
Officials in southern California said 77 people, including 5 children, were found near the Mexico border Monday packed inside a sweltering truck that had been painted to resemble a UPS truck.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reported a U.S. border patrol agent in Boulevard, Calif., noticed the truck was riding low and “could smell body odor mixed with a distinct type of pungent soap which is commonly used in Mexico.”
Inside the truck's cargo area, officials found people sweating and standing shoulder-to-shoulder.
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 10:40 am |
WASHINGTON (Reuters) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 10:40 am |
The United States on Wednesday imposed sanctions on six Iranians and three Iran-based entities, including Tehran's Evin Prison.
The sanctions, announced by the U.S. Treasury on its website, also targeted the group Ansar-e Hezbollah and the Hanista Programming Group.
Amazon today put its new range of Fire TV Edition televisions up for preorder. The Toshiba-made sets start at 43 inches for $329, scale up to 50 inches for $399, and finally hit 55 inches at $479.
As the name implies, they use Amazon Fire TV as their operating system, which means you won't have to plug in any other boxes or dongles and will still have access to pretty much every streaming service you can think of.
Hardware wise, each is an LED backlit TV with 4K UHD resolution (that's 3840x2160) and a 60Hz refresh rate.
You'll find a couple of HDMI ports, a single HDMI-ARC port, antenna input, optical audio out, two USB 2.0 ports, an Ethernet jack (10x100MB), and RCA audio out.
The included remote control also serves as an Alexa voice remote. (Because everything has Alexa these days, especially if it comes from Amazon.) It's got a smattering of dedicated service buttons, so you have one-touch access to Amazon Prime Video, Netflix, PlayStation Vue, and HBO.
For everything else, there's the Amazon App Store, which will give the TV access to a ridiculous number of applications that'll run on the Amazon Fire TV OS.
The TVs are available for preorder now and will be delivered June 22.
See at Amazon See at Best Buy
Street Code Academy hosts IM|Possible StreetCode Showcase at Facebook
Stanford grad Olatunde Sobomehin founded StreetCode Academy in East Palo Alto in response to a “lack of access to high-tech training for youth and young adults in communities of color, and consequently, a diversity deficit in the technology industry” with the mission of equipping them with “the skills to hack, hustle, and design the future.”
What they've accomplished was showcased at Facebook yesterday evening with participants ranging in age from 7-79 displaying their products. “Some have built their own websites, created business and are selling into the community,” emailed StreetCode volunteer Ivan Temes. “More than 20 tutors from Stanford, Duke, other universities, and companies like Google, have voluntarily assisted with their technical expertise the past five months.”
We wandered around the very high-energy event, stopping to talk briefly with Lasela Brown (pictured above), who works with Senita ‘uhilamoelangi on H202 Homes, an East Palo Alto-based startup that's focusing on homelessness, just one of many of the showcased companies and/or products that is coming from that town, thanks to StreetCode Academy.
Explains the Academy in its literature: “We believe that when communities of color are equipped with technical and social capital, they become whole producers off technology.” Since its inception , the Academy has provided $1 million of tech training, 15,000 hours of training, which has reached 2,100 community members.
StreetCode is seeking $300,000 to fund summer and fall programs, serving 120 students each quarter. Ninety percent of the funds go toward direct programmatic costs. Donations can be made online.
Photos by Linda Hubbard (c) 2017
There's been an explosion of medical startups centering their tools around machine learning to help doctors with predictive tools — and now Netflix's former chief product officer Neil Hunt wants to enter the fray with one that hopes to get the right information from patients themselves.
That's the hope for Curai, a machine learning-driven startup that helps patients deliver the right information to doctors to help medical professionals figure out the best diagnosis — and reduce the overhead for doctors so they can work with more patients without the grunt work. Patients can send photos of rashes, describe their symptoms, or MRI results and help navigate those results to come to the best conclusion with doctors and have more readily available access. And the hope is that Curai will also develop into a system that can detect potential problems from symptoms that a patient might not even realize are relevant.
“We want to build a patient-facing system to commoditize healthcare knowledge, that helps patients and their doctors know and understand the decisions they ought to make, whether those are simple questions about health, diagnostic or treatment, in lots of different ways,” Hunt said. “[It's based on] the idea that you let computers do what computers are good at, and that's data and knowledge and reasoning and logic. You let doctors do the things that humans are good at: coaching, intuition, empathy, and helping patients make decisions.”
Hunt was previously the chief product officer at Netflix. Curai's other cofounders include Xavier Amatriain, the former VP of engineering at Quora, and Neal Khosla, a previous startup founder with a history at Stanford and Google. The company said it has raised around $10.7 million in a round that includes General Catalyst, Khosla Ventures and a variety of other angels.
In a lot of ways, Curai — and other startups focusing on machine learning to empower doctors to make better decisions — is a response to people just searching around the Web and getting answers from Doctor Google. That, in the end, generally ends up with what can be frightening results that are probably out of line with reality, Hunt said. The idea is that if patients can give a more robust history and set of symptoms, Curai can help doctors sift out what are some of the real underlying causes.
It then takes all that and packages it together in a sensible way for doctors, who will work with those patients to figure out the best treatment options. It's supposed to be a way to get around a doctor having to pull up a medical history, which might contain either too much information — or just a record so large that they have to invest a lot of time trying to sift through everything. As the company is able to collect more data (like other startups, Hunt said that's locked down and following typically strict regulations around healthcare), those algorithms improve over time, though getting enough quality data is part of the critical process of building a competitive moat in an otherwise increasingly competitive space.
“In some ways, the challenge with healthcare on the web is, you tend to discover you have cancer or diabetes, and they have nothing to do with what you came in for,” Hunt said. “If you imagine a system that can engage with the patient and [surface] the real facts and take those into consideration, like the history that a patient might not realize, it can point you to relevant information that's something a bit more balanced.”
But getting that information may be a bit of a tall order, especially for more sensitive cases where patients might not want to disclose information. I've actually asked about this before of David Ebersman, who runs a startup called Lyra Health focusing on mental health, and he said the challenge is giving patients the confidence that they're navigating a safer space to operate — which might help them be even more willing to work with a tool rather than expose some of those deeper problems face-to-face with someone. (Lyra Health recently announced it raised $45 million.)
“There's a good degree of evidence that suggests an impersonal consumer facing product might be easier to talk to with things like drinking or sexual partners or thing that you might be embarrassed about, or that you might feel some difficulty talking to your doctor,” Hunt said. “Certainly in some of the work we've done so far, there's a much bigger lean toward the embarrassing to talk about situations than you would expect if you were a practicing physician. I would suspect people are more ready and talk sooner to an impersonal interface than they would talk to a human doctor.”
There are certainly a lot of startups looking to take some of the pressure off doctors when it comes to more menial tasks — ones that could easily be accomplished by computers, but haven't quite been tackled in medical offices — that come in a lot of different flavors. There are tools like Lyra Health, or a sort of “Alexa for doctors” from startups like Suki, which has also raised $20 million. All of this is designed to help take some of the workload of doctors and assist in building a better pattern-matching system, which gives them more time to work with patients.
HUDDERSFIELD TOWN missed the chance to put the pressure on Newcastle United after they were held to a draw at Derby County - confirming Brighton's promotion to the Premier League.
Former Town midfielder Jacob Butterfield levelled with two minutes to go to finally break the spirited Huddersfield defence.
ON TARGET: Huddersfield's Collin Quaner . Picture: Bruce Rollinson
The Terriers had led since Collin Quaner's strike in the ninth minute but Butterfield, who played 50 times for the Yorkshiremen in the 2014-15 season, rifled an unstoppable effort past Danny Ward on 88 minutes.
The Terriers, who registered just one shot on goal, had defended resolutely throughout to frustrate the Rams.
The win leaves the Terriers seven points behind Newcastle with a game in hand and five points inside the play-off places. They also cannot catch leaders Brighton, who beat Wigan earlier in the day.
Quaner expertly slotted home Martin Cranie's cross on nine minutes for his second goal in as many games as Huddersfield got off to the perfect start.
Darren Bent was denied an instant equaliser when his header was chalked off for offside.
The Rams enjoyed an excellent spell of possession for the next 20 minutes but were unable to break down the solid Town defence.
Bradley Johnson scuffed a shot on the edge of the box after the ball fell kindly on 36 minutes.
Christopher Schindler hacked the ball away from inside his six-yard box as Ikechi Anya's whipped cross flashed across goal and Matej Vydra hit an effort wide in stoppage time when he should have done better after a quick free-kick caught the Terriers defence napping.
Derby won two quickfire corners early in the second half as they came out with renewed fight and Ward tipped Anya's shot around the post on 52 minutes as Huddersfield were pushed back.
Alex Pearce cleared from inside his six-yard box after Rajiv van La Parra's brilliant run and cross failed to pick out an attacker.
Derby again took charge of possession and territory, with Huddersfield happy to sit back and soak up pressure.
Bent smashed a free-kick well over for Derby on 75 minutes as chances remained few and far between.
Huddersfield were unable to make just their second corner of the game count on 80 minutes.
Bent headed Anya's free-kick over the bar with five minutes left while under pressure from two defenders but the equaliser finally arrived courtesy of Butterfield - though the celebrations would be the loudest over 150 miles away on the south coast.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pay just £20million for a Premier League forward who scored 19 goals last season? To Sam Allardyce, the response was instant: ‘It's a no-brainer'.
So Theo Walcott returns to the Emirates on Saturday evening two weeks after leaving, having confirmed Allardyce's analysis in just 14 first half minutes on Wednesday night, with two goals announcing his arrival at Everton .
As the dust settles on Arsenal's transfer window activity, one glaring trend becomes apparent: They have flogged off the crown jewels in football terms — goals.
Walcott hit those 19 last term, while Alexis Sanchez got 30 and Olivier Giroud 16.
(Image: Everton FC via Getty)
So Arsene Wenger has gambled on Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrik Mkhitrayan proving to be consistent scorers... and financed it by selling 64 goals from last season.
For Everton, there is no such gamble on Walcott, with £20m at today's eye-watering prices looking like the steal of the January window.
And while Allardyce drew the line at directly criticising old foe Wenger, he admitted he didn't need a second thought on whether to sign the England international — because goals are priceless currency in the Premier League.
“I can't say what Arsene thinks but the opportunity to take a player with last season's goals record and that quality wasn't a big decision for me,” he explained, before the Blues' trip to north London.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“The bigger decision was (£25m for) Cenk Tosun because that is a much bigger risk (on a player new to English football) but we are short of goals.
“With Theo, a lot of things have been said - he hasn't reached his full potential and all that – but I don't know how you could say that after last season's performance: 30-odd games, 19 goals.
“He can be a key player for Everton now.”
Walcott quick return to face his previous club couldn't be more painfully timed for Wenger — his Arsenal side lost heavily to Swansea in midweek, while the 28-year-old - who he strangely ignored all season before flogging him off on the cheap – was producing a fine display against Leicester, capped by two brilliant goals.
(Image: Reuters)
The message won't be lost on Gunners fans wondering about their activity in the window, as the club swapped proven goal-scoring quality for risky potential.
If Walcott's move to Merseyside was a surprise, then perhaps the bigger shock was the relatively low fee, which looks a fine piece of business for a player who was the third-highest scoring Englishman in the Premier League last season.
Yet Allardyce defended Wenger's decision to sell at that price when he explained: “I think a lot of negotiation was done by Theo: Because of his service to the club and the fact he would accept what Arsene was doing — he is not a troublesome player who would throw the toys out of the pram — that respect between him and the club resulted in the move.
“He could have gone back to his hometown club Southampton, who were our big rivals, but the challenge he sees at Everton – can he get Everton to where they want to be? - he would help in that.
“There are no easy negotiations with Arsenal, believe you me, but eventually the insistence for the first time ever from Theo that he wanted to leave, plus the respect they have for each other and the service he gave, probably was a factor.”
Allardyce sees the partnership Walcott can forge down the right flank with full-back Seamus Coleman – who he described as “superhuman” after his incredible comeback from 10 months of injury on Wednesday, as being key over the next few years.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
And if he had one message about the player's quality, then it was this: “I think if he'd have been playing a lot this year, he would have been happy to finish his career at Arsenal.
“That's the level. This time around, because he wasn't getting his game time, he looked at his career and decided he had to leave. He chose us and he can be a key player for us.”
Allardyce will check on Coleman before the game.
Young striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin is set to return after a break, and new defender Eliaquim Mangala is likely to be on the bench after his deadline-beating loan from Manchester City.
Big Bang's Taeyang and sweetheart Min Hyo Rin have finally tied the knot.
On February 3 afternoon, the couple held a private ceremony at a church in the Gyeonggi Region of Seoul where family and friends attended the couple's nuptial ceremony.
Good friend and singer Zion T performed the congratulatory song and actor Ki Tae Young officiated Taeyang and Hyo Rin's wedding.
It has been reported that Big Bang member Daesung will also officiate the wedding after-party.
Also read : Actor Ki Tae Young to officiate Taeyang and Min Hyo Rin's wedding: Twilight's designer to plan ceremony
YG Entertainment has also released a statement regarding the wedding party by saying, "We'd like to thank everyone congratulating Taeyang and Min Hyo Rin on their marriage. The wedding ceremony that took place today on February 3 went very well thanks to love and attention they received. The private ceremony was held at a church for family, friends, and colleagues at 3 PM and lasted about an hour. It was officiated by actor Ki Tae Young and Zion.T sang the congratulatory song.
The wedding after-party held at Paradise city will be hosted by fellow Big Bang member Daesang and the congratulatory song will be sung by CL and Seungri. We thank once again for the limited press, we hope that you'll continue to watch over them warmly. They'll pay all the love by living a happy life. Please give them lot of support on their new beginning. Thank you."
The couple was blessed with the presence of celebrity friends such as Big Bang member Seungri and others, Sandra Park, Black Pink members, Ki Taeyoung and many more.
The hashtag #DopeWeddingCongratz dedicated to Taeyang and Min Hyorin's wedding is currently trending on Twitter where fans have congratulated and wished them a happy married life.
Fans are busy giving updates on the couple's wedding. Check out tweets:
Solar is making a major impact in Africa
The amount of power from solar grew by more than 50%, and has officially increased energy output globally at a faster rate than any other fuel.
The International Energy Agency's 2017 report on renewables says that off-grid solar will “bring basic electricity services to almost 70 million more people in Asia and sub Saharan Africa” in the next five years. It will also lead to new business players bringing innovative payment solutions that allow low-income populations initial access to electricity services.
The socio-economic impact is significant in Asia and sub Saharan Africa.
Off-grid capacity will almost triple by 2022 – reaching more than 3000 MW from industrial applications, solar home systems, and mini-grids.
The report found that the amount of power from solar grew by more than 50%, and has officially increased energy output globally at a faster rate than any other fuel. The report specifically highlights off-grid solar as a ‘dynamic' sector set to accelerate this growth.
CEO of Lumos Nigeria, Yuri Tsitrinbaum, said: “This is the latest evidence that off-grid solar is providing the answer to growing energy demand in Africa. There is no other option available that can provide energy that is as affordable, reliable, and clean.”
Market and policy frameworks need to evolve in order to cope simultaneously with multiple objectives, including providing long-term price signals to attract investment, ensuring efficient short-term electricity dispatching, pricing negative externalities and unlocking sufficient levels of flexibility as well as fostering a portfolio of dispatchable renewable technologies, including hydropower, bioenergy, geothermal and CSP.
Guiseley are just a point above the National League drop zone after sliding to a 2-1 home defeat at the hands of Tranmere Rovers on Easter Monday, writes Tom Feaheny.
Guiseley are just a point above the National League drop zone after sliding to a 2-1 home defeat at the hands of Tranmere Rovers on Easter Monday, writes Tom Feaheny.
But the Lions' fate remains in their own hands with two matches to go, and boss Adam Lockwood said: “We are disappointed with the loss, but performance-wise I cannot criticise the lads, we gave it everything but we just couldn't get the result we wanted.
“We know how important Bromley on Saturday is and we will be going with the intention of doing the good things from this Tranmere loss.”
Guiseley played at a high tempo and nearly took the lead when James Wesolowski fired wide from just outside the area.
Rovers also went close when from a corner, Andy Cook poked the ball towards goal, but Connor Brown was in the right place to clear it off the line.
The home side took the lead when Derek Asamoah saw his looping 25-yard effort go into the top right-hand corner leaving Scott Davies with no chance.
The second half began with Tranmere on the front foot, they equalised with their first attack when a Jeff Hughes corner found James Norwood who scored with a free header.
The visitors got a second when when Liam Ridehalgh floated the ball into the area, and Cook controlled it well and fired past Jonny Maxted.
Guiseley: Maxted, Brown, Palmer, Lawlor, Williams (Preston 83,) Wesolowsi (Purver 70), Walton, Hurst, Hatfield, Rankine, Asamoah.
Tranmere: Davies; Vaughan, Ridehalgh, McNulty, Ihiekwe, Buxton, Hughes, C Jennings (Dunn 63), Wallace, Cook (Stockton 68), Norwood (Mangan 90).
Three big-name CEOs have put some space between themselves and the US President: today they resigned from the American Manufacturing Council, President Donald Trump's panel of advisors formed to create more manufacturing jobs in the United States by bringing together titans of industry to share their experience.
On Monday night, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich quit in the aftermath of deadly white supremacist rallies in Charlottesville, Virginia, at the weekend, penning the following 255 withering words:
I resigned to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues, including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing. Politics and political agendas have sidelined the important mission of rebuilding America's manufacturing base. I have already made clear my abhorrence at the recent hate-spawned violence in Charlottesville, and earlier today I called on all leaders to condemn the white supremacists and their ilk who marched and committed violence. I resigned because I want to make progress, while many in Washington seem more concerned with attacking anyone who disagrees with them.
Kaznich's remarks about personal attacks refer to President Donald Trump's furious outburst at Merck boss Kenneth Frazier, who also quit the advisory panel on Monday in horror at the tepid White House response to the marches in Charlottesville. Frazier, like many in the country, felt Trump had not gone far enough in condemning Nazi-worshipping fascists marching on Virginia's streets.
Frazier tweeted:
Trump's rational, measured response to Frazier's resignation was a pair of tweets, as follows.
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Sports apparel vendor Under Armour's Kevin Plank also quit by tweet.
I love our country & company. I am stepping down from the council to focus on inspiring & uniting through power of sport. - CEO Kevin Plank pic.twitter.com/8YvndJMjj1 — Under Armour (@UnderArmour) August 15, 2017
President Trump eventually condemned the neo-Nazi rallies today, a move seen as an effort too little, too late.
Earlier this year, proximity to the White House proved too vexing for Elon Musk, who in June decided watching rockets fly-or-fry is easier on the nerves than sitting on the President's Business Advisory Council. ®
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Photo: Mohd Zakir/HT
As India celebrates the 71st Independence Day on Tuesday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort for the fourth consecutive year after coming to power in 2014.
A day earlier, in his maiden address to the nation, on the eve of Independence Day, President Ram Nath Kovind urged people to become partners in the development process of the country. “Our nation has been built by a partnership between citizen and government, between individual and society, between a family and the wider community,” he said in the address to the nation.
Here are the latest updates from the Prime Minister's Independence Day speech at Red Fort on Tuesday.
8.30am—Jai Hind! Bharat Mata ki Jai!
8.29am—We will take part in this run for progress. I Invoke team India to run for a new India.
8.28am—By then poor shall have concrete houses. Where the farmer income shall double by 2022 in a new India. Where youth and women will get ample opportunities. An India which is free of casteism, terrorism, corruption, nepotism. A clean India.
8.27am—If a work is not done at the right time then right results are never achieved. We shall take the pledge that we shall make a new India by 2022.
8.26am—We have developed our own technological innovations. The SAARC satellite is helping our neighbouring nations. RUPAY card will be one of the largest such initiatives globally.
8.25am—Cheap medicines are helping the poor. The prices of stents and knee replacement are coming down. Earlier dialysis was only available in the state capitals. We have taken it to the districts.
8.24am—Today what is paper currency will get converted into digital currency. We should use BHIM app for our transactions. A less cash economy should be carried forward. The government ‘ schemes are meant to save money for the ordinary citizens.
8.23am—With banks getting more money, loans are being made available at a lower rate of interest. This is helping the economy. We are in the 21st century. The world's largest youth population here.
8.22am—After GST (goods and services tax), greater transparency will come. In the case of transportation, there has been a 30% reduction in time taken for goods movement as the checkposts have been removed.
8.21am—Have closed 1.75 lakh such shell companies. There have been instances where 400 shell companies where running from a single location.
8.20am—18 lakh people have been identified where their assets are more than their known source of income. Of this 4.50 lakh people have accepted their fault. Interestingly, 1 lakh had never heard about income tax. Shell companies were run by black money operators. Data mining has showed that 3 lakh companies were shell companies
8.15am—Rs3 trillion has come back to the banks after demonetisation. More than Rs1.75 trillion under scrutiny; Rs2 trillion in black money has reached banks.
8:12am—We have called 20 universities to set up world class university where government will even provide help up to Rs1,000 crore. In last 3 years we have set up 6 IITs, 7 IIMs and 8 IIITs.
8:11am—We have increased the maternity leave to 6 months to engage more women in Indian workforce.
8:08am—Along with GST, may it be the matter of toilets or Swacchch Bharat Abhiyan, all the states are successfully working with centre.
8.07am—Violence in the name of faith is not acceptable, terms casteism and communalism as poison.
8.06am—Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana has helped crores of youth to become self-reliant, says Modi.
8.05am—India achieved record crop production despite natural calamities; production of pulses saw a record, and the government bought 16 lakh tonnes. By 2019, 99 irrigation schemes will be completed.
8.04am—Demonetisation has helped check corruption.
8.00am—We can reach Mars in 9 months but a 42-year-old rail project was stuck—we have focused on resolving such things.
7:58am—We have repeatedly asked terrorists to join mainstream. Today government of India is launching such a website which will have details of all those who won gallantry awards to aware people about their sacrifice.
7:57am—Kashmir problem will neither be solved by bullet nor by abusing each other. It will be only solved by embracing the fellow Kashmiris.
7:56am—In fight against terrorism, India is not alone today and is being actively supported by several countries across the world.
7:53am—Bank accounts of 29 crore poor people were opened and soil health cards were given to over 9 crore farmers.
7:52am—Through GST, a new boost is given to cooperative federalism. Today railway and road tracks are being made at twice the speed.
7:51am—Today honesty is being celebrated and this gives a new confidence. The government has confiscated Rs800 crore worth ‘Benami' property and when this happens it gives confidence to common man.
7:50am—Whether land or sea, cyber or space, India is self sufficient in every kind of security measure and we are ready to face any kind of challenge.
7:49am—Our uniform and armed forces have always stood forward and never stepped back, whether it is left wing extremism, terrorism or infiltrators or other internal security disturbances. When surgical strike happened the world had to accept our strength and might.
7:46am—For people born in the 21st century, this is an important year because when they turn 18, they will decide the future and fate of India. I welcome all these young people to their opportunity to decide the course of the country.
7:44am—When we focus our hard work towards the betterment of the nation, the fruits of the hard work increase manifold.
7:43am—New India must be powerful, strong and self sufficient in every field.
7:38am—This is an important year for India. We just celebrated the anniversary of Quit India Movement. We will also be celebrating the anniversaries of Sabarmati Ashram and Champaran.
7:37am—In the last few days many parts of the country have faced natural calamities. We lost the lives of innocent children too. I assure people that in such a difficult time we will not leave any shortages in taking steps to tackle the issue.
7:36am—Greetings to my fellow Indians on the occasion of India's 71st Independence Day.
7:34am—PM Modi begins his address.
7:24am—PM Modi reaches red fort to address the nation on India's 71st Independence Day.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Over the last decade, the Pennsylvania Turnpike has developed its own tradition to welcome the new year: toll hikes.
Come Sunday, the most common toll — a trip between two interchanges — will rise from $1.80 to $1.95, about 8.3 percent, the ninth consecutive year the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission voted to raise rates.
The turnpike, which raised rates only five times in its first 68 years, will keep raising them annually for the foreseeable future unless the state acts, turnpike Chief Executive Officer Mark Compton said at a House Democratic Policy Committee meeting in September in Moosic. He blamed the annual toll hikes on ongoing needs to pay off existing turnpike bonds, upgrade its 550 miles of highway, pay increasing pension costs and continue funding mass transit statewide.
“It needs to be solved and it has to be solved because this can't continue,” state Rep. Mike Carroll, D-118, Avoca, a House Transportation Committee member, said last week.
A state transportation law adopted when Gov. Ed Rendell tried to get tolls on Interstate 80 and privatize the turnpike undoubtedly contributes heavily to the annual hikes. The federal government rejected the state's attempt to toll I-80, the main east-west highway across Pennsylvania, but the transportation law still requires the commission to give the state Department of Transportation $450 million a year until 2022 when the amount drops to $50 million. The money, once used partly for roads and bridges, now exclusively funds mass transit.
Mr. Carroll said the solution should end “a shell game” that goes on in annual state budgets. The turnpike gives the $450 million to PennDOT, which must give about $800 million a year from its motor license fund to the state police, about 65 percent of that agency's budget. Motor license fund money began flowing to the state police, which patrols the state's major highways, in 1990 at less than a quarter of the current level.
Mr. Carroll said the state should stop using the motor license fund money for the state police. One possible alternative revenue source: a full-blown natural gas extraction tax — known as a severance tax — rather than the fee the state charges, Mr. Carroll said.
He acknowledged other budget demands could siphon severance tax revenues.
“It doesn't solve every problem, but before you do anything else ... you have to do a severance tax,” Mr. Carroll said.
He said some local drivers might suffer daily because of the toll hikes, but turnpike usage here falls far short of usage in southeastern Pennsylvania — Philadelphia and its neighboring counties.
October vehicle traffic data at the four interchanges between Wilkes-Barre and Clarks Summit — almost 26,000 vehicles a day — made up a third of all traffic on the turnpike's northeast extension, which runs from near Norristown to Clarks Summit. The northeast extension's almost 84,700 vehicles a day in October amounted to only about a third of the turnpike's busiest stretch, the one near Philadelphia, which averaged 245,200 vehicles a day.
That means a lot of the toll increases fall on southeastern drivers, but much of that money helps pay for road and bridge maintenance statewide, Mr. Carroll said.
Steve Miskin, the spokesman for House Republicans, acknowledged the problems and blamed “Gov. Rendell's failed attempt to privatize the turnpike and toll I-80.”
“Everybody realizes it's a problem,” Mr. Miskin said. “It is something we'll probably look into in the coming session.”
He suggested the discussion could include merging PennDOT and the turnpike commission.
Contact the writer:
bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com
Stitch Fix CEO Katarina Lake did not express much concern over Amazon and its entrance into fashion with Prime Wardrobe at the Code Conference today. Lake says that while she does think about Amazon, that Amazon offers a “fundamentally different” value proposition.
With Amazon, Lake said, the value proposition is about having a “sea of choice.” With Stitch Fix,”in a lot of ways ours is almost the opposite,” she said.
Stitch Fix is an e-commerce company that aims to figure out your personal style, and then send you a handful of items the company thinks you'll like. As a side note, this product has worked horribly for me but quite well for some other people.
Stitch Fix went public last year and part of being public, Lake said, is having fiduciary duty to do what is best for the company and its shareholders. With that in mind, Lake said, “I can't say never” on selling to Amazon, “but I think this is a company that has a lot of value in and of itself.”
To date, Stitch Fix has not “had any serious discussions around combining companies” with Amazon.
“Right not, we feel really confident on the path that we're on,” Lake said.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Minister for Interior, Ahsan Iqbal on Monday directed Inspector General of Police (IGP) Islamabad to expedite crackdown against menace of narcotics in Capital.
He was talking to IGP Islamabad, Sultan Azam Taimoori, who called on him here and briefed the Minister on different initiatives.
Ahsan Iqbal said Islamabad police should be made exemplary for the provinces while honest and professionally capable officers be posted in Islamabad.
The Minister further directed the IGP to accelerate implementation of Model Police Station project while recruitment of anti-riot police should also be done immediately.
He said Islamabad traffic police should ensure implementation of helmets and seat belts rules and police officers should show politeness with public, while leadership training of Station Head Officers (SHOs) should also be conducted.
Female SHO should be appointed and policewomen be encouraged.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A gang of drug dealers sent out 'block text messages' to all their junkie contacts to let them know they were coming to the area and 'available for business'.
Nasar Ali, Shuqat Ali, Mohammed Rahman and Lukman Majeed travelled to Blackburn, Lancashire, from Manchester on almost a daily basis to sell drugs.
But they were caught in a sting by Lancashire Police when an undercover officer posing as a drug user recorded secret footage of the gang, reports the Manchester Evening News .
The four men were jailed for more than 18 years at Preston Crown Court after admitting conspiracy to supply class A drugs .
(Photo: MEN)
Nasar Ali, 29, was caged for six years and eight months, with a separate four-month concurrent sentence for possession of class A drugs on another occasion.
Rahman, 31, was jailed for four years and eight months; Majeed, also aged 31, was handed five years and eight months behind bars, while Shuqat Ali, 39, was jailed for two years and four months.
Prosecuting, Jeremy Grout-Smith, said the gang sold an estimated 840g of heroin and cocaine with a street value of £40,000.
But the court heard this value was a ‘conservative estimate' and in all likelihood the value was far greater.
(Photo: MEN)
The gang travelled from their homes in Greater Manchester to Blackburn, then sent out the block text messages advertising the drugs and letting users know they were in town and 'open for business'.
Customers would place orders and meet the gang in their car at meeting points across Blackburn town centre.
Officers went undercover as drug addicts on a number of occasions to meet with the gang, to buy drugs and collect evidence.
Judge Robert Altham praised the officers for their work.
(Photo: MEN)
He said: “One needs to commend the considerable bravery of those who carry out work such as this.
“This was pro-active selling, pushing of class A drugs, not simply waiting for the users to come to them but making sure the users knew they were in the area and had these dangerous drugs to sell.”
The court heard that Nasar Ali boasted he was the head of the operation with the other men working on his orders.
Shuqar Ali said he was only involved as the driver and would ferry the men between Manchester and Blackburn.
But Judge Altham said: “Drug dealers, in order to ply their trade, need a vehicle and often they need a driver.
“Mr Ali, regrettably, decided to involve himself in that role. He drove drug dealers around, knowing what they were doing.”
Nearly a third of Britons say apps are making their finances worse, either by encouraging them to spend more or making them lose track of their outgoings.
Many are being encouraged to indulge in “out-of-hours spending” by the convenience of apps which enable them to make purchases on their phones and PCs, according to the research from the Financial Services Compensation Scheme.
One in seven admit to spending using apps while at work and around half to doing so from the comfort of their bed.
Nearly two-thirds of people surveyed say apps made it easier to part with their cash, while nearly 31 per cent said they had a negative impact on their finances.
Women spend £131 via apps in a typical month, while men hand over around £115, the research suggests.
Men are more likely to pay out via apps on gambling, travel, socialising, entertainment and music, while women are more likely to use apps for food and general shopping.
Some apps are available that help people manage their budgets more easily and identify areas where they may be overspending. But fewer than one in five people surveyed had installed one.
The Financial Services Compensation Scheme is the UK's savings safety net that protects consumers' savings in banks and building societies in the event that a firm goes bust, up to an £85,000 limit.
Its head of communication, Mark Oakes, said: “Being able to make purchases at the touch of a button removes the thinking time you would usually have if you were in a shop.
“It requires discipline to stay in control of your money, not only spending but also saving, but it's worth doing. Setting aside just a little a month can add up to a big sum; we are here to make sure your money is protected.”
The survey included more than 2,000 people from across the UK.
10:34 by Vince Musewe Have your say: The foundations of the Marshall Plan with Africa
The Marshall Plan with Africa is being proposed by The Federal Ministry of Economic Cooperation of Germany which recently put out a discussion paper titled “Africa and Europe- a new partnership for development peace and a better future.”
Seoul/Beijing: Tensions on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea`s president said resolving Pyongyang`s nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and key U.S. officials played down the risk of an imminent war with North Korea.
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has underpinned a spike in tensions in recent months.
U.S. President Donald Trump warned at the weekend that the U.S. military was "locked and loaded" if North Korea acted unwisely after threatening last week to land missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
"There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully," South Korean President Moon Jae-in told a regular meeting with senior aides and advisers.
"I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours," he said.
While backing Trump`s tough talk, U.S. officials including National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster played down the risk on Sunday of the rhetoric escalating into conflict.
"I think we`re not closer to war than a week ago, but we are closer to war than we were a decade ago," McMaster told ABC News` "This Week".
U.S. Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un might well conduct another missile test but talk of being on the cusp of a nuclear war was overstating the risk.
"I`ve seen no intelligence that would indicate that we`re in that place today," Pompeo told "Fox News Sunday".
World stocks rallied on Monday as investors took heart from the less bellicose rhetoric.
However, North Korea reiterated its threats, with its official KCNA news agency saying "war cannot be blocked by any power if sparks fly due to a small, random incident that was unintentional".
"Any second Korean War would have no choice but to spread into a nuclear war," it said in a commentary on Monday.
MISSILE DOUBTS
South Korean Vice Defence Minister Suh Choo-suk agreed North Korea was likely to continue provocations, including nuclear tests, but did not see a big risk of the North engaging in actual military conflict.
Suh again highlighted doubts about North Korea`s claims about its military capability.
"Both the United States and South Korea do not believe North Korea has yet completely gained re-entry technology in material engineering terms," Suh said in remarks televised on Sunday for a Korea Broadcasting System show.
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty.
Tension in the region has risen since North Korea carried out two nuclear bomb tests last year and two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July, tests that the North often conducts to coincide with important national dates.
Tuesday marks the anniversary of Japan`s expulsion from the Korean peninsula, a rare holiday celebrated by both the North and the South. Moon and Kim, who has not been seen publicly for several days, are both expected to make addresses on their respective sides of the heavily militarised border.
Trump has urged China, the North`s main ally and trading partner, to do more to rein in its neighbour, often linking Beijing`s efforts to comments around U.S.-China trade. China strenuously rejects linking the two issues.
Trump will issue an order later on Monday to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force U.S. firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property, senior administration officials said on Saturday.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said that Beijing has said many times the essence of China-U.S. trade and business ties is mutual benefit and that there is no future in any trade war between China and the United States.
"The (Korean) peninsula issue and trade and business issues are in a different category from each other," Hua added. "On these two issues, China and the United States should respect each other and increase cooperation. Using one issue as a tool for exerting pressure on another is clearly inappropriate."
China`s Commerce Ministry issued an order on Monday banning imports of coal, iron ore, lead concentrates and ore, lead and seafood from North Korea, effective from Tuesday.
The move followed the announcement of United Nations sanctions against North Korea earlier this month which have to be enforced within 30 days by member-states.
U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford told South Korea`s Moon in a meeting on Monday that U.S. military options being prepared against North Korea would be for when diplomatic and economic sanctions failed, according to Moon`s office.
Anne Artz, an Encinitas resident and teacher at The Preuss School UCSD, will spend her summer vacation a little differently this year. Approximately one week after she finishes the school year on June 23, Artz will head to Vietnam for a six-week teaching stint as part of the Fulbright Distinguished Awards in Teaching Short-Term grant. Artz is one of nine U.S. citizens selected to participate in the prestigious program offered by the U.S. Department of State and the J. William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board. Recipients of Fulbright grants are selected on the basis of academic and professional achievement, as well as demonstrated leadership potential.
During her time in Vietnam, Artz will work at Lao Cai Teacher Training College, the only college in the mountainous Lao Cai province responsible for training and re-training teachers. Artz will be working with current teachers and teachers-in-training to build their capacity to teach science, mathematics and information technology in English.
“I'm looking forward to exploring how other countries teach STEM,” said the science educator, who has taught at Preuss – a charter middle and high school on the UC San Diego campus – since 2005. Artz teaches advanced biology, environmental science and marine science at the school, in addition to serving as STEAM coordinator.
“I'm also interested in working with new and emerging teachers,” she added. “Investing in quality teachers is the best way to ensure students are successful, regardless of which country they are from.”
This is not the first time Artz has traveled to promote and enhance education. As an Albert Einstein Distinguished Educator Fellow she spent 11 months in Washington, D.C., providing input on legislation, meeting with congressional constituents to discuss education policy, and attending hearings to promote the importance of STEM education. As a Bezos Scholar, she spent a week at the acclaimed Aspen Ideas Festival engaged in dialogue with some of the nation's top students and engaged educators as well as visionaries from around the world. Through the Teachers for Global Classrooms program, Artz was one of 12 teachers who traveled to Brazil, visiting schools, teachers and administrators as part of a collaboration to examine and evaluate global education practices.
“Anne is an excellent example of the outstanding faculty we have here at The Preuss School UCSD,” said Principal Scott Barton. “We are very proud of her achievements.”
Established 18 years ago, The Preuss School has become known as one of the best high schools in the nation. Newsweek named Preuss the top transformative school in the nation for three consecutive years, citing the school's ability to lead the way in getting low-income and first-generation students ready for college and beyond. The school also has been consistently ranked as one of America's best high schools by Newsweek, The Washington Post and U.S. News & World Report, among others.
To learn more about the Fulbright Distinguished Awards in Teaching Short-Term Program, visit the awards website. To learn more about The Preuss School UCSD, visit the school online.
— Submitted press release
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
It appears Volkswagen's motorsport division has been busy since ending its dominant run in the World Rally Championship at the close of the 2016 season.
VW has confirmed it will be returning to the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb in 2018, with 2017's winner Romain Dumas set to hop behind the wheel of a custom race car called the ID R Pikes Peak.
The wild car, which is linked with VW's upcoming ID family of road-going electric cars, will compete in Pikes Peak's Electric Modified Class, in which VW aims to set a record time. The time to beat is the 8:57.118, set in 2016 by New Zealand's Rhys Millen. The overall record for Pikes Peak remains the insane 8:13.878 set in 2013 by Sébastien Loeb in a custom 875-horsepower Peugeot racer.
All we know about VW's ID R Pikes Peak is that it will have four-wheel drive. Its powertrain is said to be related to the one in VW's MEB modular electric car platform that will underpin the new ID family of cars. VW says it's using the race as chance to prove its technology in the harshest of conditions.
The last time VW was at Pikes Peak was in 1987. Driving a beast of car derived from a humble Golf, Jochi Kleint came close to tasting overall victory but was forced to retire a few corners from the finish when his car suffered mechanical issues. The honors that year ended up with Walter Röhrl in an Audi Sport Quattro E2.
“We want to be at the forefront of electro-mobility with Volkswagen and the ID family,” VW R&D boss Frank Welsch said in a statement. “Competing in the most famous hill climb in the world with the ID R Pikes Peak is a valuable test for the general development of electric cars.”
The new motorsport project is just one part of VW's efforts to transform itself into the leading producer of electric vehicles, post the diesel scandal. Recall, the automaker is heavily focused on electric cars and expects to have 23 available by 2025.
The 2018 Pikes Peak International Hill Climb is scheduled for June 24.
Rain is often cricket's enemy in Durban, but on Saturday it helped the Dolphins earn a share of the spoils in the One-Day Cup (ODC) final against the Warriors at Kingsmead.
Friday's first attempt to play the match ended damply when the weather prevented a ball being bowled after 39.4 overs of the first innings, in which the Dolphins scored 154/6.
But that was 39.4 overs more play than was had on Saturday, when the rain continued for long enough to force the replay to be abandoned completely. Scheduled to start at 1.30pm, it was called off at 5pm.
Five of the six T20 matches the Dolphins were had played at Kingsmead in the T20 competition in November and December were washed out.
All those unearned points helped put a team who won only three of their 10 round-robin games in the final — in Centurion, where they were dismissed for 100 and the Titans cruised to victory by seven wickets.
Rain wasn't a factor for the Dolphins in the ODC, in which they earned their crack at the title the hard way by winning three of their four home games along with three successes away.
But the weather returned to have the last laugh, although some will see poetry in the fact that the only team who beat the Dolphins at Kingsmead in the ODC this season were also their opponents on Saturday.
The Warriors won that January 19 clash by seven wickets.
This time the rain was on top and the trophy was shared.
It was to have been the first time a senior domestic one-day final was played at Kingsmead since February 2002, when KwaZulu-Natal beat Western Province by 28 runs.
This is the moment that early-stage startup founders across Europe have been waiting. We've flung open the application window for Startup Battlefield, which takes place at Disrupt Berlin 2018 on November 29-30. No more reason to wait — take the plunge and apply today.
TechCrunch's Startup Battlefield is where Yammer, Mint, Dropbox, Cloudflare, and hundreds of others companies launched their products to the world. If you need a refresher, here's how Startup Battlefield works.
Our experienced team of TechCrunch editors reviews every application in a highly competitive vetting process. Our acceptance rate is typically around 3%. Ultimately, we'll choose around 15 early-stage startups to compete. Prior to their time on stage, each team receives expert pitch coaching from seasoned TechCrunch Startup Battlefield editorial team.
All competing teams have six minutes on the Disrupt Main Stage to pitch their company and demo their product to a panel of judges — consisting well-known investors, and entrepreneurs. Then they have 6 minutes to answer any follow-up questions the judges may have. Notable judges from last year's Battlefield included Eileen Burbidge (Passion Capital), Sonali De Rycker (Accel), Roelof Botha (Sequoia Capital) and Carlos Eduardo Espinal (SeedCamp), and you can be sure that this year's crop will possess equally impressive bonafides.
The judges winnow the field down to around five teams that go on to a second and final round of pitching. And from that elite group comes one champion who will hoist the Disrupt Cup, bag a $50,000 equity-free cash prize and become the investor-and-media darling of Disrupt Berlin.
All of this non-stop action takes place in front of a live and riveted audience — filled with thousands of startup fans, media outlets and potential investors and customers. What's more, we live-stream the entire event around the world (and make it available later on-demand) on TechCrunch.com, YouTube, Facebook and Twitter.
Winning certainly has its privileges, but you don't even have to win to reap significant rewards. Take Aircall for example. This French startup — a cloud-based call center solution — competed in the first round of Startup Battlefield San Francisco in 2015. Even though the company never made it to the finals, it just received a second round of funding. We're talking $29 million. In the three years since it competed in Startup Battlefield, Aircall has raised a total of $40.5 million. That's a mighty fine consolation prize.
Plus, all Startup Battlefield teams join the ranks of the Startup Battlefield alumni community. This community consists of nearly 800 companies that have collectively raised more than $8 billion in funding and produced more than 100 exits and IPOs. Companies like Mint, Dropbox, Yammer, TripIt, Getaround and Cloudflare. Imagine the networking possibilities that await you in this elite group.
This is as good a time as any to remind you that applying to and competing in Startup Battlefield is 100 percent free. TechCrunch does not charge any fees or take any equity from startups.
Startup Battlefield goes down at Disrupt Berlin 2018 on November 29-30 at Arena Berlin. This is your chance to launch your early-stage startup to the world. It could be a life-changing event. What are you waiting for? Apply today.
Special Correspondent
Karachi
Rear Admiral Imran Ahmad has taken over the charge of Logistic Command of Pakistan Navy in an impressive change of Command ceremony held at PN Dockyard here on Monday.
He took over the command from Rear Admiral Sajid Wazir Khan. Rear Admiral Imran Ahmad would now be In-charge of logistic support to all PN units, ships, establishments and repair, maintenance facilities of the naval force. A guard of honour was also presented to the newly appointed Commander Logistics during a ceremony.
Later, Commanding Officers of the units under Command were also introduced to Commander Logistics. The ceremony was attended by a large number of officers, civilians and sailors of Pakistan Navy.
New York
Automakers reported mixed US car sales in January, with strong demand for SUVs and pickup trucks continuing to provide a cushion in a declining overall auto market.
Ford and Fiat Chrysler reported declines in year-over-year sales, while General Motors scored a modest increase and Toyota saw a more substantial jump.
US car sales fell last year for the first time since the financial crisis and are projected to decline again in 2018. Still, analysts and industry executives expect US sales this year to come in above a solid 16 million vehicles amid low unemployment and strong consumer confidence.
“US economic factors are very healthy and we're seeing the effect in the auto industry—not just in strong demand for SUVs and pickups, but in demand for high trim versions of vehicles,” said Mark LaNeve, Ford's vice president for US marketing.
Ford's January sales dropped 6.6 percent from the same month of 2017 to 161,143. Within the total, car sales slumped 23.3 percent, including big drops for the Fusion and Focus, but that was partially countered by increased sales of the market-leading F-Series pickups.
Fiat Chrysler (FCA) saw sales fall 13 percent to 132,803, with gains for the Jeep brand offset by hefty declines in other models.
And in contrast with the trend for strong sales of pickup trucks, the Ram truck brand fell 16 percent. However, FCA introduced a revamped fleet of the popular pickup at the Detroit Auto Show last month.
Meanwhile, GM posted a 1.3 percent increase in overall sales compared to January 2017 to 198,548. The biggest US automaker pointed to strong sales of larger vehicles, including the Silverado pickup truck and Chevrolet Equinox SUV.
Toyota leads the pack with a 16.8 percent jump last month to 167,056, on gains in light trucks and in its sedan business. —APP
The Royal Wedding was a celebration that caught the entire world's attention. Millions of people were glued to their TVs, computers, and phones as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle said "I do." The day was full of symbolic meaning and every detail seemed to have been chosen for a reason, which is why the Rolls-Royce that was used to bring the bride-to-be to the church on time quickly fell under the spotlight, too. Some commentators are now suggesting Meghan Markle's wedding car has a secret past and once you find out what it is, I'm sure you'll agree that pretty much any other vehicle would have been more suited to the new Duchess.
The luxurious Rolls-Royce Phantom IV that ferried the bride and her mother from the Cliveden House Hotel to St. George's Chapel has such a rich history behind it and was the ultimate Easter egg for royal watchers obsessed with the big day. According to reports by the Daily Mail, the maroon-coloured vintage car is in fact the very same car that in 1972 was used to bring American socialite Wallis Simpson to the funeral of her husband, the Duke of Windsor and former King Edward VIII. While it's likely this is just an unfortunate coincidence, it's perhaps a little strange that a car that was used previously to bring a wife to her husband's funeral was the one chosen for this particular task.
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
To add further fuel to the fire, this isn't the first time Markle and Simpson's names have been mentioned in the same sentence. Despite never having met and having absolutely noting to do with each other, comparisons between the pair have been circulating for some time as both women were American born, and both come from outside the traditional aristocratic circles of their husbands.
Then there's the other matter of each woman being a divorcée. Although divorce is much more common now, back in Wallis' time, her relationship history caused uproar and resulted in many claiming that she was not the right fit for the new king.
Gamma-Keystone/Getty
Markle divorced her first husband, American film producer Trevor Engelson, after two years of marriage in 2013. Simpson, on the other hand, who went on to marry the Duke of Windsor in 1937, was not only divorced but still married to her second husband when she met the Duke. This became a bone of contention between the couple and the Royal Family at the time.
But despite what his relatives and advisors had to say, the Duke ignored everyone around him and went ahead with the relationship, eventually abdicating the throne in 1936 so he could marry Simpson. The couple stayed married for 35 years until his death in 1972. She did not remarry afterwards.
Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
The bizarre comparisons between Markle and Simpson have tended to focus on the American divorcée detail, but equating the Duchess to Simpson at all seems totally unfair, as the latter was broadly disliked, partly because she was perceived as precipitating a constitutional crisis. Though the two women are undeniably groundbreaking, they share little other in common than the fact they were both divorced, American, and didn't come from a royal background.
Princess Diana's biographer Andrew Morton, who recently published a new biography titled Wallis in Love, believes that both women have changed the monarchy. However, he told Fox News that he thinks it's important that Markle learns from Wallis' mistakes. "Don't spend hundreds of thousands on your clothes or jewellery and then do nothing other than sit around because people don't appreciate that," he said. "People like to feel that the Royal Family live well, but at the same time give back." Given Markle's independent background working for humanitarian and feminist causes, it seems highly unlikely that would ever happen.
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Morton added: "[Markle and Harry were married] at St. George's Chapel, the same place the body of Wallis was carried out [of] in 1986 when she died. It's a very, very significant moment. And it shows how divorce has changed over the last 80 years or so. [But] the huge difference is that Meghan Markle seems to have a sense of wanting to give back, whereas Wallis only ever wanted to take."
Markle is a self-made woman, who before marrying into the Windsor family, led an incredibly successful life dependent on nobody but herself and her talents as an actor. If the Duchess has proved anything so far, it's that she is ready to blaze her own trail and more than capable of overcoming anything that comes her way.
The world seems to be full of illusions—and we're not talking about fake news from Macedonia.
Holograms appear to be all around us now. Long-dead rapper Tupac Shakur showed up at the 2012 edition of the Coachella music festival. Microsoft's HoloLens seems akin to a wearables version of Star Trek's holodeck, allowing its user to interact with 3D objects in an augmented reality. Startups like Edinburgh-based Holoxica can create digital 3D holograms of human organs for medical visualization purposes.
While some of these light shows are far from mere parlor tricks, none of these efforts are holograms in the sense depicted most famously in movies like Star Wars. True hologram technology is mostly still a science fiction fantasy, but earlier this year scientists revealed innovations to move the technology forward a few light years.
A study published online in Nature Photonics by a team of researchers in Korea has developed a 3D holographic display that they write performs more than 2,600 times better than existing technologies. Meanwhile, researchers led by a team in Australia claimed in the journal Optica to have invented a miniature device that creates the highest-quality holographic images to date. The papers were published within three days of each other last month.
Holography is a broad field, but at its most basic, it is a photographic technique that records the light scattered from an object. The light is then reproduced in a 3D format. Holography was first developed in the 1940s by the Hungarian-British physicist Dennis Gabor, who won the 1971 Nobel Prize in physics for his invention and development of the holographic method.
Most holograms are static images, but scientists are working on more dynamic systems to reproduce the huge amount of information embedded in a 3D image.
The difference is in diffusion
Take the work being done by researchers at the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST).
Our ability to produce dynamic, high-resolution holograms—think Princess Leia pleading with Obi-Wan Kenobi for the Jedi's help—is currently limited by what's called wavefront modulators. These devices, such as spatial light modulators or digital micromirror devices, can control the direction of light propagation.
An imaging system with a short focal length lens can only create a tiny image that has a wide viewing range. Conversely, a system with a long focal length can generate a larger image but with a very narrow viewing range. The best wavefront modulator technology has only been able to create an image that is one centimeter in size with a viewing angle of three degrees.
It's possible to do better by creating a complex and unwieldy system using multiple spatial light modulators, for example. But the team at KAIST came up with a simpler solution.
“This problem… can be solved by simply inserting a diffuser,” explains YongKeun Park, a professor in the Physics Department at KAIST. Because a diffuser diffuses light, both the image size and viewing angle can be dramatically increased by a factor of a few thousands, according to Park.
But there's still one more problem to overcome: a diffuser scrambles light.
“Thus, in order to utilize a diffuser as ‘a holographic lens,' one needs to calibrate the optical characteristics of each diffusor carefully,” Park says by email. “For this purpose, we use ‘wavefront-shaping technique,' which provides information about the relationship between impinging light onto a diffuser and outgoing light.”
Park's team succeeded in producing an enhanced 3D holographic image with a viewing angle of 35 degrees in a volume of two centimeters in length, width, and height.
“The enhancement of the scale, resolution, and viewing angles using our method is readily scalable,” he notes. “Since this method can be applicable to any existing wavefront modulator, it can further increase the image quality as a better wavefront modulator comes out in [the] market.”
Near-term applications for the technology once it matures include head-up displays for an automobile or holographic projections of a smart phone's user interface, Park says. “[Holograms] will bring new experiences for us to get information from electronics devices, and they can be realized with a fewer number of pixels than 3D holographic display.”
For true tech heads, physicist and science writer Chris Lee, writing for Ars Technica, provides an in-depth description on how the KAIST system works.
Optics for a new age
Meanwhile, physicists from the Australian National University unveiled a device consisting of millions of tiny silicon pillars, each up to 500 times thinner than a human hair. The transparent material is capable of complex manipulations of light, they write.
"Our ability to structure materials at the nanoscale level allows the device to achieve new optical properties that go beyond the properties of natural materials,” says Sergey Kruk, co-lead on the research, in a press release from the university. “The holograms that we made demonstrate the strong potential of this technology to be used in a range of applications."
The researchers say they were inspired by films such as Star Wars. “We are working under the same physical principles that once inspired science fiction writers,” Kruk says in a video interview.
Kruk says the new material could someday replace bulkier and heavier lenses and prisms used in other applications.
“With our new material, we can create components with the same functionality but that would be essentially flat and lightweight,” he says. “This brings so many applications, starting from further shrinking down cameras in consumer smart phones, all the way up to space technologies by reducing the size and weight of complex optical systems of satellites.”
And now for something completely different
Speaking of space exploration: What if the entire universe is a hologram? What does that mean for pseudo-holograms of Tupac Shakur? Not to mention the rest of us still-living 3D beings?
Theoretical physicists believe they have observed evidence supporting a relatively new theory in cosmology that says the known universe is the projection of a 2D reality. First floated in the 1990s, the idea is similar to that of ordinary holograms in which a 3D image is encoded in a 2D surface, such as in the hologram on a credit card.
Supporters of the theory argue that it can reconcile the two big theories in cosmology. Einstein's theory of general relativity explains almost everything large scale in the universe. Quantum physics are better at explaining the small stuff: atoms and subatomic particles. The findings for a holographic universe were published in the journal Physical Review Letters.
The team used data gleaned from instruments capable of studying the cosmic microwave background. The CMB, as it's known, is the afterglow of the Big Bang from nearly 14 billion years ago. You've seen evidence of the CMB if you've ever noticed the white noise created on an un-tuned television.
The study found that some of the simplest quantum field theories could explain nearly all cosmological observations of the early universe. The work could reportedly lead to a functioning theory of quantum gravity, merging quantum mechanics with Einstein's theory of gravity.
“The key to understanding quantum gravity is understanding field theory in one lower dimension,” says lead author Niayesh Afshordi, professor of physics and astronomy at the University of Waterloo, in a press release. "Holography is like a Rosetta Stone, translating between known theories of quantum fields without gravity and the uncharted territory of quantum gravity itself.”
Heavy stuff no matter what dimension you come from.
Image Credit: Shutterstock
If your child is starting a new sports season this spring, that initial parent meeting will look a little different than it has in the past. That's because Rowan's Law came into effect in March, making it mandatory for all sports organizations to establish concussion codes of conduct, as well as strict protocols for removing from play — then gradually returning — any athletes with suspected concussions.
Ottawa native Rowan Stringer, centre, died in 2013 after suffering multiple concussions while playing rugby. Rowan`s law now makes it mandatory for sports organizations to establish codes of conduct, and strict protocols for removal from play. ( Family photo )
The law is named after Rowan Stringer, a 17-year-old Ottawa student who lost her life in 2013 after sustaining three concussions in a short time, a condition called second-impact syndrome. Rowan's parents, Kathleen and Gordon Stringer, were in Toronto recently to talk about their daughter, the new law and the importance of treating concussions with caution. Their experience is one every parent wishes desperately to avoid. The Stringers say working to help keep other young athletes safe has been therapeutic in some respects.
Article Continued Below
“When we came out of the hospital that night alone, and came back to a house with an empty bedroom, we went to bed and didn't sleep that much,” Kathleen said in an interview with the Star. “But the phones started ringing and the first call was Trillium Gift of Life telling us that all of her organs had been transplanted successfully. So that gave us an immediate sort of peace and solace, to know that she still lives on.” The phone kept ringing, and it was the media. “We had to make a decision very quickly on whether we should just tell them to not bother us … But we both decided, when we found out her death was preventable, that we could do something to make sure no other family had to go through such a devastating loss.” Their efforts have led to legislative change that many says should become a model for other provinces to follow.
In addition to requiring sports organizations to have what are known as both remove-from-sport and return-to-sport protocols, the bill also updates part of the Education Act with a new section that requires boards to comply with concussion policies and guidelines for pupils. What this looks like on the soccer or baseball field this summer, though, should begin at that first family meeting to kick off the season, says Dr. Charles Tator, a brain surgeon and director of the Canadian Concussion Centre at Toronto Western Hospital.
Article Continued Below
“When kids sign up for a sport at the beginning of the year, there will be pre-season meetings. They will have to sign off that they know something about concussions and that the players are willing to abide by the code of conduct for that sport,” says Tator. In hockey, for example, that code of conduct is going to read that hitting from behind is “terrible misbehaviour and will be dealt with harshly,” he says. Teams will also be required to share with families their detailed protocols for removing kids from sport when concussion is suspected in the slightest, as well as gradual, physician-led steps for getting athletes back on the field, court or ice. “What Rowan Stringer taught us with her fatality is that during the recovery process it's extremely important not to get another concussion, because getting another concussion can in fact be fatal,” says Tator. “Fortunately, what happened to her is a very rare thing, but it does happen from time to time.” Knowledge of concussion has advanced in recent years and one underlying theme is that no parent or sports coach can look at a kid who has just hit his head and decide whether or not he's concussed. Only a medical doctor or nurse practitioner can screen for and diagnose a concussion, says Stephanie McFarland, an occupational therapist in pediatric brain injury at Holland Bloorview Kids Rehabilitation Hospital. Holland Bloorview works with kids who've sustained brain injury to help them gradually get back to school and sport. It also offers a lot of free resources on youth concussion that can be found on its website. McFarland says that one of the things the hospital is trying to get across to parents is the importance of striking a balance between total inactivity and doing too much. She says parents need to “make sure that kids are doing safe activities, that they're trying things, but not putting themselves at risk for secondary injury.” Gordon Stringer says he hopes youth and their parents take to heart this mantra: “Don't give concussions a second chance.” Getting good treatment and clearance from a doctor or nurse practitioner before returning to learn and play is vital, he says. “We don't ever want the message to be one of having our kids running around in bubbles and not doing anything, because there are so many benefits from sport and physical activity. But when [concussion] does happen, you have to be vigilant and to take the time to ensure they get the care they need,” says Gordon. Kathleen echoes what her husband says. “I'll have parents ask me, ‘Would you put Rowan into sports knowing what you know?' I say, ‘Yes I would.' Rowan was one of those kids who had boundless energy. I don't know how we would have been put up with her if we didn't put her in sports. We used to have to pay her in the car to stop talking: 25 cents if she ever lasted one minute.” Sports helped their daughter acquire leadership skills that led her to becoming a team captain admired by her fellow athletes, says Kathleen. Sports also further developed her natural drive to help people, which had spurred Rowan's plans to attend nursing school at the University of Ottawa, where she'd been accepted to attend in the fall. “If Rowan was watching this she'd be like ‘Look, there's a law named after me and every one knows my name!' She was a good kid. Lots of fun…,” says her mother. “When you lose a child there's a real fear that over the years they'll be forgotten. And we feel that we've really done a good job making a positive legacy for Rowan and that maybe people won't forget her name.”
If you're looking for a kid-friendly refuge from the heat and the congested downtown core this summer, it's worth a trip to the peaceful Aga Khan Museum of Islamic art with its quiet reflecting pools surrounded by greenery, and Diwan, a sit-down restaurant that just launched a new menu and is taking part in Summerlicious with a three-course, $33 lunch starting Friday. The menu is designed by chef Shen Ousmand, who worked up the ranks under chef Mark McEwan's restaurant group, which runs Diwan. You'd never know it tasting his succulent harissa chicken thigh and no-knife-needed braised lamb shank with coconut-kale sambol, but being a chef wasn't Ousmand's first career choice.
Chef Ousmand released a new menu for the attraction's Diwan restaurant, influenced by foods of the Islamic world spanning North Africa, the Middle East and South Asia. ( Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star ) Assemble fetteh dish by first arranging pitas in an even layer on a large serving platter. Place dollops of baba ghanouj and mint yogurt around pitas. Sprinkle chickpeas on top. ( Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star ) Chef Shen Ousmand prepares his tomato salad recipe at the Aga Khan Museum. ( Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star )
Prior to leaving his hometown of Colombo, Sri Lanka, Ousmand worked in sales and marketing. At 23 he fled the country to escape the civil war and eventually ended up in Toronto where his aunt lived. After learning that tradespeople such as electricians, plumbers and cooks were in demand, rather than salespeople, Ousmand, decided to enrol at George Brown College's culinary school and work as a cook, though he intended to return to sales eventually. “It was a lot of English, Italian and French words, which was difficult because English wasn't my first language,” says Ousmand, now 39, who worked as a dishwasher to put himself through culinary school. “I'd draw out shapes of pastas and herbs to try to remember the English names. I perfected the accounting and math parts because of my sales experience, but I barely passed the first semester.” In 2005, Ousmand got a job placement at Bymark, chef Mark McEwan's restaurant in the financial district, and was hired soon after, securing a work permit to stay in Canada. At that point, he enjoyed cooking professionally and hasn't stopped, working his way up from a line cook to executive chef at McEwan, the upscale grocery store chain owned by chef McEwan. In 2016, he took on the menu at Diwan where he is tasked with shining a light on the diverse foods of the Islamic world while showcasing Ontario produce and while still finding inspiration from the food he ate growing up. “For example, the tomato salad we have shows off seasonal Ontario produce, and tomatoes are also often used in Middle Eastern cuisine,” he says. “It's tossed with a simple honey-lime dressing, something my mom makes back home in Sri Lanka.”
Article Continued Below
If a long lunch at Diwan isn't in the cards for you, you can recreate Ousmand's fantastic appetizer that combines the Levantine dish of fatteh, flatbread served with toppings such as chickpeas and yogurt, with baba ghanouj, roasted eggplant dip. Here, crispy fried pitas are drizzled with mint yogurt and baba ghanouj then topped with chickpeas tossed with a spicy pepper sauce and dukkah, an Egyptian blend of nuts and spices. It's excellent for summer entertaining (Ousmand likens it to nachos). To simplify it for home cooks Ousmand suggests using store-bought harissa rather than making his preserved chili sauce, a weeks-long process at the restaurant. When testing out the recipe I also bumped up the portion size to make it fit for a small party, making it more worthwhile to make all the dish's components. While this is not an exact replica of what you'd get at Diwan, this is a good way to get a taste of Ousmand's creative cooking. All the better excuse to have lunch there to see how this compares to the real thing. (Diwan is only open for lunch.)
Chef Shen Ousmand prepares his tomato salad recipe at the Aga Khan Museum. ( Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star )
Chef Ousmand's simplified fatteh baba ghanouj recipe For the dukkah This Egyptian spice blend can be found at specialty grocers, but using freshly toasted nuts makes it much tastier. Use the extras from this recipe to mix with olive oil as a bread dip, sprinkle on roasted vegetables or as a flavourful crust for chicken. 1/4 cup plus 2 tbsp (90 mL) chopped walnuts
Article Continued Below
1/4 cup (60 mL) slivered almonds 3 tbsp (45mL) shelled pistachios 1/4 cup (60 mL) sesame seeds 1 tbsp (15 mL) coriander seeds 1 tbsp (15 mL) cumin seeds 1 tsp (5 mL) black pepper 1/2 tsp (2 mL) kosher salt In a skillet over medium heat, toast walnuts, almonds and pistachios until fragrant and slightly golden. Let cool for 5 minutes. Place toasted nuts and spices in a food processor or spice grinder. Grind until it achieves a texture similar to coarse bread crumbs. Store in an airtight container. Makes 1 cup. For the baba ghanouj This mashed eggplant dip is now mainstream enough that you can now find cans of it in the Middle Eastern section of grocers but homemade versions always taste better and have a stronger smoky flavour. 2 large eggplants (about 2lbs each) 1/4 cup (60 mL) tahini Juice of 1 lemon 3 minced garlic cloves 1/4 tsp (1 mL) ground cumin Kosher salt, to taste 2 tbsp (30 mL) chopped flat-leaf parsley Olive oil for garnish Adjust oven rack to centre position. Turn on broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Poke eggplants all around with a fork to allow steam to escape while roasting. Broil eggplants, turning occasionally for 50 minutes to 1 hour, until eggplants become very soft all over and charred on all sides. Remove from heat and let cool for 15 minutes, or until cool enough to handle. Meanwhile, in a medium-sized mixing bowl, whisk together tahini, lemon juice, garlic, cumin and salt. Set aside. Slice cooled eggplants in half lengthwise. Let any excess liquids drain out. Using a spoon, scoop out flesh and transfer to bowl of tahini mixture. Discard skins and excess liquid. Mash eggplant together with tahini mixture until a smooth, but still slightly chunky texture is achieved. Let cool to room temperature before stirring in chopped parsley and garnishing with a drizzle of olive oil. Serve immediately or refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 5 days. Makes 3 cups.
Assemble the dish by first arranging pitas in an even layer on a large serving platter. Place dollops of baba ghanouj and mint yogurt around pitas. Sprinkle chickpeas on top. ( Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star )
For the fatteh 1 cup (250 mL) plain Greek yogurt 1/2 cup (125 mL) finely chopped fresh mint leaves, plus more for garnish 2 cups (500 mL) canned chickpeas, rinsed and drained 1/4 cup (60 mL) harissa sauce Hot chili powder or cayenne, to taste Kosher salt and pepper, to taste Canola or vegetable oil, for frying 4 whole thick Greek pitas or naan, sliced into quarters 4 whole thin Arabic pitas, sliced into eighths Sumac and zaatar, to taste 3 cups (750 mL) baba ghanouj Dukkah, for garnish Finely chopped flat-leaf parsley leaves, for garnish In a small bowl, whisk together yogurt and chopped mint. Set aside. In another mixing bowl, toss together chickpeas and harissa sauce. Add chili powder or cayenne for added heat. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Set aside. In a heavy-bottomed pot or deep skillet over medium-high heat, add enough oil to reach at least 1/2 inch (0.6 cm) deep. In small batches, fry pita slices until crispy and golden brown, about 5 to 10 seconds per side. Remove from oil and place on a plate lined with paper towel. Repeat with remaining pitas. In a large mixing bowl, toss fried pitas with sumac, zaatar, salt and pepper until lightly coated. Set aside. Assemble dish by first arranging pitas in an even layer on a large serving platter. Place dollops of baba ghanouj and mint yogurt around pitas. Sprinkle chickpeas on top. Garnish liberally with dukkah, chopped parsley and more mint. Serve immediately. Makes 8 to 10 servings. Twitter: @karonliu
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — A city woman faces aggravated assault and related charges after authorities say she stabbed a man in the elbow with a two-pronged cooking fork.
City police arrested Willeen Eichelsderfer, 30, 542 N. Rebecca Ave., on Tuesday morning after responding to that address. A man there, Jerome Williams, told police that he and Eichelsderfer got in a heated argument after Eichelsderfer put her phone right in his face and started broadcasting him on Facebook Live before she stabbed him with the utensil, according to court documents.
Eichelderfer's bail and preliminary hearing information were not available Tuesday night.
— CLAYTON OVER
The Broncos open this week's football festivities when they play the Colts on Thursday. (Photo: Jack Dempsey / Associated Press)
WWE News: Rosa Mendes talks new business, motherhood, and WWE career
What did Mendes have to say when she sat down for an interview with the WWE?
@SGCWrestling by Simon Cotton News 15 Feb 2017, 03:29 IST
Rosa Mendes and her latest business venture
What's the Story?
Former WWE Superstar Rosa Mendes announced her retirement from the WWE on Monday, 13th February. She then spoke with the WWE to discuss her new business, how being a mother has affected her life, and whether or not she will ever return to the ring.
Mendes started off the interview citing the birth of her child as the main reason she decided to leave the WWE after almost a decade working there.
“So, as you know, I'm a new mom. Well, not that new, it's been a year. But, I just feel like as you get older, your dreams evolve. For years, my dream was to become a WWE champion. And, now that I've brought a life into this world, and I'm with the man of my dreams, it's different.”
She then went on to discuss her desire to create a legacy by teaching people about nutrition and that her new business, Totally Fit Mama, will help accomplish this and allow her to spend more time with her daughter.
“I want to create a legacy by teaching people about nutrition and how to take care of themselves. And I want to be here for my daughter.”
In Case You Didn't Know
Mendes has been with the WWE since 2008 when she debuted as an intern of former WWE Diva Beth Phoenix. She wrestled once and a while, but a majority of her career can be attributed to managing wrestlers such as Carlito, Zack Ryder, Fandango, Adam Rose, Primo and Epico, and others.
Her biggest wrestling match was her participation in the 14-Diva Vickie Guerrero Invitational Match at WrestleMania XXX, where she and several other Divas challenged for AJ Lee's Diva's Championship. Her height of her time as a manager came while she managed Primo and Epico, who would hold the tag team championships and defend them at WrestleMania XXVIII.
Mendes and her husband, Bobby Schubenski of Blackcraft Spirits, gave birth to their daughter Jordan Elizabeth Schubenski a year from the day of Mendes's retirement on February 13, 2016.
The Heart of the matter
When it came to discussing her career as a professional wrestler, Mendes said that she could see herself returning to the ring at some point down the line.
“My passion for [WWE] will never go away, I will always love [it] from the bottom of my heart. It's something that I'm going to have in my heart forever. You never know, if [my daughter] Jordan wants to be a WWE Superstar … I never got the championship, but I could see her being a champion one day. I'm not going to force her, but I'll just let her watch WWE.”
What's next?
Mendes seems dedicated to her new profession in nutrition. Hopefully, her nutrition and fitness endeavors prove successful. Mendes also said that she has a cookbook and an app coming soon, so anyone who wants to try out Totally Fit Mama will have to wait until those items are released.
Sportskeeda's Take
Often in professional wrestling, it's more common to hear about people leaving the WWE from shoot interviews and podcast, but this is one of the more positive aspects of the company.
Mendes didn't leave much of an impact in the WWE, but there were never any reports of her getting into fights backstage, violating the wellness policy, or being a troublemaker of any kind. She worked for the company for nearly 10 years, got to be on the hit TV Series Total Divas, and left the company to be a better mother and a businesswoman. Whether people liked or didn't care for her much, the fact remains that she made the most out of her time in the world of professional wrestling.
Tweet Speak
Mendes also took to Instagram to discuss her decision to retire from the WWE on Instagram. You can see the images below.
HC wants disclosure report
Srinagar
The J&K High court has issued a notice to Defence ministry, Army and the state government to file objections by February 21 to a petition, seeking direction to disclose the “authority” under which three civilians have been kept in “custody” by Territorial Army at Kupwara since November 2015.
The whereabouts of Ghulam Jeelani Khatana son of Karim Din, Mir Hussain Khatana son of Muhammad Ismail, both residents of Gojar Patti Dardepora, and Ali Muhammad Sheikh son of Abdul Aziz of Dolipora Trehgam are not known since they were allegedly taken by Manzoor Ahmad Khowaja of Dardepora who works in 160 Battalions of Territorial Army in Hiri (Kupwara) camp.—RK
OTTAWA — The Ottawa Senators signed forward Magnus Paajarvi to a US$900,000, one-year contract extension Wednesday.
The 27-year-old Swede had six goals and two assists in 35 games with the Senators last season after being claimed off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
"We're happy to have Magnus back in Ottawa," Senators general manager Pierre Dorion said in a release. "He showed us last season that he can play the game with speed, which fits with the style of play we want our team to exhibit.
"Magnus is a versatile player who will be able to provide us productive minutes in many situations."
HANGU, Oct 6 (APP): Commander 73 Brigade, Brigadier Akhtar Aleem
Friday said that Pakistan Army besides maintaining peace in Kurram
agency in FATA had initiated extensive development projects worth
Rs 2.88 billion in the agency to address the issues of locals.
During a briefing to tribal elders here, he said that the development
projects would provide employment opportunities for the youth,
adding that construction of modern Army Public School was underway in Parachinar with separate blocks for boys and girls.
A state-of-the-art trauma centre at Agency Headquarters Hospital,
Sadha by-pass, drinking water supply scheme and education facilities were also among the development projects, he said.
Kurram agency was deprived of basic amenities including basic
infrastructure, road network, educational and health facilities,
he said and added that in the first phase roads from Parachinar to
Syed Kurram, Kot Miran to Taodo and Dogar to Khawaja Pae
would be constructed.
He said that Dogar hospital, cricket
ground, schools in Manato and Angori would also be constructed at a
cost of over Rs 2 billion, as a part of efforts to provide
all basic facilities to local people.
Brigadier Akhtar said that people of Kurram were educated
and peaceful but without their cooperation peace and development in the area could not be maintained, adding that Pakistan Army would go to any
extent to protect lives and properties of masses besides
maintaining lasting peace.
Local elders, political agent Basir Khan Wazir
and high officials were present on the occasion.
Under the leadership of Travis Kalanick, Uber was late to the game in producing its first diversity report. Now, under the leadership of new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, things are starting to look a bit different at Uber.
Uber has not only brought on a chief diversity officer but also continues to make progress in terms of representation of black and brown people in leadership roles in the U.S., as well as the overall number of women in its workforce. But regarding black and brown people in tech leadership roles, Uber has none.
Here's a quick overview of what Uber's workforce looks like today:
Compared to last year, Uber has increased the percentage of women from 36.1 to 38 percent. While Uber's black representation has gone down a bit, Latinx representation increased from 5.6 to 6.1 percent.
Uber's data is based on an in-house survey, rather than an EEO-1 report. Instead, Uber pulled the gender and race numbers from Workday, where employees are able to self-identify. Uber says the gender data has about 99 percent participation while the race/ethnicity data represents more than 75 percent of the company.
Regarding lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer representation, Uber reported 15 percent of those who opted into that survey identified as such. In total, only a little over a third of Uber employees participated in the survey worldwide.
In perusing Uber's December 2017 EEO-1 report, 13 percent of women at Uber are black, 9 percent are Latina and 5 percent are of two or more races in the U.S.
Uber has also created a workshop program called “Why Diversity Matters,” in order to educate employees about diversity and inclusion. To date, about 4,000 employees worldwide have participated in the workshop.
Additionally, Uber overhauled its recruiting and hiring process, and trained engineering interviewers on how to mitigate bias. Meanwhile, Uber also evaluated pay equity and has since “made changes to ensure aggregate race and gender pay equity across Uber,” Uber Chief People Officer Liane Hornsey wrote.
Citing legal reasons, Uber said it's unable to disclose the exact amount just yet. It's not clear exactly what those legal reasons entail, but it's worth noting three Latina software engineers sued Uber in October, alleging they were compensated less because of their gender and race. Last month, Uber paid $10 million to settle the lawsuit.
Ex-NRL winger and new Wallaby squad member Curtis Rona admits he's considering all options after the decision to cut his Western Force team from Super Rugby.
Code-hopper Curtis Rona admits he's weighing up all options following the ARU's decision cut the Western Force from Super Rugby.
Hoping for a dream Test debut for the Wallabies against the All Blacks on Saturday, New Zealand-born Rona says a return to the NRL is not out of the question.
The classy outside back had a season with North Queensland then two with Canterbury before linking with the Force in 2017.
RugbyWA is hoping next week to gain leave to appeal against the Force axing in the NSW Supreme Court after winning an injunction which prevents the ARU taking any steps in the meantime.
Meanwhile Rona remains in limbo, as do other Force players in Michael Cheika's 34-man Wallabies squad preparing for Saturday night's Rugby Championship opener in Sydney.
"It's a bit unfortunate about the Force at this stage," Rona told AAP on Tuesday.
"The boys mentioned that it's not over and I think we're all willing to hang until the last drop, the last minute.
"Obviously rugby league's been in my past. I enjoyed playing league as well so, with my future uncertain, I really couldn't comment on that."
But asked if he was weighing all options, Rona said "definitely".
The 25-year-old's immediate focus is on tackling the All Blacks, with Cheika toying with the idea of starting Rona on the wing if Force teammate Dane Haylett-Petty fails to recover from an arm injury.
"Just to be in the camp, in the squad, is like overwhelming. To get an opportunity would be a dream come true," Rona said.
"First game ever (for the Wallabies) against the All Blacks in a Bledisloe - it doesn't get any bigger.
"If I was to play, I think I'd be ready."P
Echo Show is good at showing headlines, but very bad at showing anything that's actually important. And that's a problem.
It's Sunday morning. Past the breakfast hour and closing in on lunch. I've been trying to come up with ways to make myself feel better after seeing the carnage in Charlottesville, Va., and the predictable responses on Twitter and Facebook and from our political leaders. It's times like these that I don't want to think at all about tech toys. (And to be clear, this is hardly the first time. Or the second. Or the third. And I'm hardly alone in this feeling.)
But something stood out as I stood in the kitchen making breakfast. And it took me a few hours before I realized what it was.
It was the Amazon Echo Show. Alexa with a screen. I'd chuckled a little earlier in the day reading blogger-turned-investor-turned-blogger M.G. Siegler's "Quick Thoughts on Amazon's Echo Show."
What really sold me was that while I was making coffee, it was next to me displaying news headlines. ... This sounds obvious. I mean, we all walk around every single day with devices in our pockets that can access any information — including news headlines — at any time. But there's something profound about having it pushed to you in an ambient way.
I agree. And once you're bludgeoned with information the way I was at a newspaper starting from 19 years old — it was my job to try to tame the waterfall — it's a hard habit to give up. Echo Show is perfect for this. Or, rather, it can be. Eventually.
If it's not timely, and it's not important, then why is it being pushed in front of my eyes?
I can say this with certainty: The afterglow of Echo Show headlines will wear off pretty quickly. Maybe it'll be when you wonder why you're seeing a headline that's two hours old (an eternity in online news time). Or maybe it's when you've seen 13 headlines in a row that you just don't care about. The image at the top of this post — promoting a "Game of Thrones" Episode 5 preview, is showing the day after the episode aired. What good is that?
Or maybe it's the morning after a domestic terrorist event when you're walking through the kitchen and don't see a single headline about it on the Echo Show.
That's right. Not a word about Charlottesville and the racist Nazis who directly contributed to the death of a woman. (And indirectly to the deaths of two law enforcement officers whose helicopter crashed.)
Not a single headline that I saw in the morning. Or in the 10 minutes I left a camera trained at the Echo Show.
Something about the #EchoShow headlines on Sunday morning struck me as odd. ... Catch what's missing? pic.twitter.com/BOf36vsa2d — Phil Nickinson (@mdrndad) August 14, 2017
As I'm writing most of this piece about 9 hours later, I still don't see any headlines about Charlottesville. ... Fast-forward to Monday morning. ... Still nothing. No headlines. No videos. No still images.
Echo Show isn't exactly a font of information just yet. At least nothing timely. Or of any real import.
Does Amazon worry about our showing us anything remotely provocative? Or is it just bad at this?
The question now is why. I don't think Amazon's doing anything nefarious here. And I don't even think it's about Charlottesville or the current political landscape. I think it's probably more a matter of not wanting to surface anything too provocative or potentially upsetting. And there's something to be said for that.
In fact, that's pretty much what Amazon said for that when I asked. Here's a quote from a company representative:
For trending topics on Echo Show, we primarily surface lifestyle, entertainment, and sports news since it's a communal device that the whole family sees and uses. If customers want to hear business or political news, we offer the daily Flash Briefing which offers a variety of news outlets to choose from. As with everything we do, the Echo Show trending topics experience will continue to improve and evolve over time based on customer feedback.
Fair enough, though I'd still argue the world ain't always a pretty place. It's not really protecting anyone here.
The good news is that this is an easy problem to fix. In lieu of actually improving the headlines feature itself, Amazon could let the user tailor the options. More news, less fluff. More from one source over another. It's limitless, really.
The problem right now is that the Echo Show headlines are extremely limited. And dated. And that just makes Echo Show — and Amazon — look silly and out of touch.
Rosen says what might sound appealing to consumers is “unjust” for Canadian storeowners who invest and hire in Canada and have to include duties and sales taxes in the prices charged here.
But Rosen does fear what he calls “unfair” competition and warns of what lies ahead for many of Canada's 45,000 storeowners if Ottawa caves to U.S. demands to allow up to $800 tax-free and duty-free online shopping—the cap now is set at $20 before customs rates apply.
The CEO of Harry Rosen high-end men's clothing isn't afraid of the new e-commerce world. The Toronto retailer, with 18 stores, 1,000 employees and a flourishing in-store and online Canadian clientele, says business is good.
But Larry Rosen, head of one of Canada's most successful retailers, will be watching warily as negotiators from Canada, Mexico and the United States launch formal talks Wednesday in Washington to rewrite the North American Free Trade Agreement.
OTTAWA—No one can predict if Canada will end up a winner, a loser or a mere bystander in the Trump administration's drive to re-write cross-border trade rules to benefit American workers and industries.
“For sure it's going to be way cheaper, so all that Canadian stores will become are try-on centres for people to go home and buy from U.S. retailers,” Rosen says.
Trump wants a victory on NAFTA. These Trump voters disagree on what that should mean
Meet NAFTA negotiator Steve Verheul — the most important Canadian you've (probably) never heard of
It's a “key ask” for the U.S. in the coming trade talks, one American corporate giants such as eBay, Amazon and others have long lobbied for.
A Canadian official, speaking on a background-only basis, said it underscores “how big this negotiation is going to be and how much of Canada is going to be pulled in, in one way or the other, into NAFTA because pretty much everything is on the table — or the Americans are trying to put everything on the table.”
The Trump administration says it wants to reduce trade deficits with its North American partners. In other words, the Americans want to sell more to Mexico and Canada than they buy from them.
President Donald Trump wants tougher rules on imports — everything from autos to textiles to machinery — and freer access for American exports to bring back lost U.S. jobs.
In Ottawa, the official line is Canada welcomes a chance to “modernize” the 23-year-old deal and seeks to advance “progressive trade.” But at the highest levels of the Trudeau government, the NAFTA talks are at the heart of a lot of brainstorming, strategizing and concern.
America buys $63 billion (U.S.) more in goods and services from Mexico than it sells to that country. With Canada, on the other hand, the United States holds a $12.5 billion (U.S.) trade surplus, when goods and services are combined. When the Americans talk about an $11 billion trade deficit with Canada, that's for goods alone, mostly due to energy exports. Trade with Canada supported 1.6 million U.S. jobs in 2015, according to U.S. figures. The Canadians argue 9 million American jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada.
So, even though the Liberals believe the bigger target of the Trump administration is Mexico, Ottawa is going in “eyes wide open,” said a senior Canadian government official. “There is a lot in there (the U.S. trade negotiating document) that if taken as written would be quite bad for us.”
The situation is, in the words of another Canadian official, “volatile.”
The federal Liberal strategy so far has been to mount a full-court wooing of allies in the U.S. and Mexico.
Canadian officials deny Canada could throw Mexico under the bus in the belief that the original Canada-U.S. free trade agreement or FTA would still stand even if NAFTA crashes. They say there is value in “keeping this a trilateral negotiation” in the words of one. But a clear U.S.-focused plan of defence has emerged.
Here's what lies ahead:
TIMELINE
It's expected there will be seven to nine rounds of talks, each happening roughly three weeks apart, alternating between the three countries.
Mexico would like negotiations completed early next year before its presidential elections. The U.S. has its own timeline pressures — the mid-term congressional elections in 2018.
Canada expects the talks could last months. Even if a deal is reached by the middle of next year, it could then take up to 12 months to ratify and that could see the trade debate carry into the run-up to the 2019 federal election.
WHAT'S IT ALL ABOUT
The original Free Trade Agreement, between Canada and the United States, was a hot button issue in the 1988 Canadian election won by Brian Mulroney's Progressive Conservatives. The 1989 agreement became the basis for the broader NAFTA deal between Canada, the U.S. and Mexico that came into force five years later. It set ground rules for tariff-free trade in goods and services and included rules about the origins of tariff-free goods, customs procedures, agriculture and sanitary measures, government procurement, investment, trade in services, protection of intellectual property rights and dispute settlement procedures.
CANADA'S PRIORITIES
Ottawa has not set out a public list of formal objectives, and sources say it doesn't intend to do so, although Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland will lay out the principles that will guide Canadian negotiators in a speech and a committee appearance Monday. Canada wants to:
Keep the state-to-state dispute resolution mechanism under chapter 19 of the deal that allows bi-national panels to decide trade disputes instead of domestic courts. Canada has repeatedly won when the U.S. has complained of unfair subsidies for Canadian softwood lumber.
Enshrine clear rules for digital commerce for the first time, such as tariff-free digital trade within the NAFTA zone and privacy protections for consumer data held in Canadian-located computer servers;
Protect sensitive sectors such as Canadian cultural industries and telecommunications;
Protect key agricultural industries such as dairy, poultry and egg farming where production and supplies are managed under quota systems. At the same time, a source says Canadian companies would like more access to U.S. dairy, sugar and peanut butter markets;
Ensure Canada is exempt from “Buy American” policies in federal and state procurement and infrastructure programs;
Protect the free movement of goods that allow integrated industries such as the automotive and manufacturing sectors to ship parts back and forth across borders;
Enhance labour and environmental protections in the NAFTA zone.
U.S. PRIORITIES
Stronger protection for U.S. intellectual property, including patents, copyrights and trademarks, a perennial demand of big pharmaceutical companies;
Tighter rules of origin that ensure goods and materials are sourced only from the United States and North America. The U.S. cites textiles, but this could apply to a wide range of goods;
Equivalent labour and environmental standards, a move that would raise the cost of doing business in Mexico and remove the incentive for manufacturers to move there;
Greater access for U.S. companies bidding on government procurement contracts in Canada and Mexico while protecting its ability to restrict procurement and infrastructure projects to American suppliers;
The removal of exemptions for NAFTA partners when the U.S. applies “safeguard” measures to protect American industries against dumping or unfair subsidies.
MEXICAN PRIORITIES
Greater access for agricultural products with clearer rules, expeditious procedures and the elimination of barriers to trade;
More labour mobility;
“Improved” border infrastructure to facilitate the flow of cross-border goods. (Mexico insists it will not pay for Trump's promised construction of a border wall.);
Updated energy provisions;
Greater access to U.S. and Canadian markets for Mexican financial service providers and investors;
Greater integration of the telecommunication markets of the three countries;
More effective protection of intellectual property and updated provisions to account for the digital economy and e-commerce.
WHAT STAKEHOLDERS ARE SAYING
Unifor, which counts more than 23,000 autoworkers among its members, says NAFTA has driven the flight of manufacturing jobs out of Canada to Mexico and overseas. “There's no question the Mexicans have taken our lunch, especially on auto. The question is, what do we do about? How do we wrestle back some of the manufacturing?” Unifor President Jerry Dias says.
The Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives says Canada should look for common ground with the U.S. on measures to reclaim manufacturing jobs. The centre wants an end to the investor-state dispute settlement provision, under Chapter 11. This allows corporations to sue a government over unfair laws or regulations. But the centre says foreign investors have used it to target government measures in the areas of environmental protection and management of natural resources. “Overly broad powers” have been used to “frustrate the legitimate exercise of government authority,” the centre claims.
The Business Council of Canada said renegotiating the trade pact is both a “risk and an opportunity” for Canada. “While doing no harm is our first priority, achieving only this would be a missed opportunity,” the submission said. It urges negotiators to modernize Canada's trade ties with the U.S. and Mexico in areas such as intellectual property, labour mobility, procurement, the environment and regulatory co-operation. The council fears the U.S. will rewrite NAFTA's rules of origin and push for wording that would allow the unilateral imposition of duties or other penalties without any form of dispute settlement.
The Conservative party, which is pro-free trade, says the NAFTA deal could be modernized to include digital commerce and to upgrade rules around new technologies. Conservative MP Randy Hoback, the party's critic for Canada-U.S. relations and vice-chair of the Commons trade committee, says a new deal should, for example, set out harmonization of regulation for how countries would treat novel developments such as driverless trucks and cars.
The New Democrats support a renegotiation to “modernize” NAFTA, protection of Canada's supply management system in agricultural sectors and retention of the state-to-state dispute settlement mechanism in the current deal's Chapter 19, key to protecting Canadian softwood lumber and diafiltered milk against U.S. complaints. (Diafiltration is an additional step in milk processing sometimes done to achieve a higher protein concentration.)
But NDP trade critic Tracey Ramsey also takes aim at the investor-state dispute settlement mechanism.
“I believe Canada should insist that this is removed,” said Ramsey. “We're the most sued country in the world under these provisions, mostly for trying to protect our environment.”
Will the Golden State Warriors earn their third title in four years? With Kevin Durant on board for his second season in Oakland, California, the chances are looking good.
We asked the ESPN Forecast panel of 44 experts to rank its top three choices for the 2017-18 NBA champions, with a first-place vote receiving five points, a second-place vote receiving three and a third-place vote receiving one.
Here are the results:
Forecast: 2017-18 NBA champs
1. Golden State Warriors
First-place votes: 44
Total points: 220
2016-17: 67-15 (W, NBA Finals)
Comments: Our panel thinks everyone else is playing for second place as the Warriors were a unanimous pick to win the NBA title. Shortly after winning the title, the Warriors opened as -200 favorites to win the 2018 NBA title.
Jeff Sherman, an NBA oddsmaker at the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook, summed up Golden State's expectations in one sentence to ESPN: "They're going to be the highest favorite we've ever had going into a season, any team in any sport."
There's really not much else that needs to be said. -- Micah Adams, ESPN Stats & Info
2. Cleveland Cavaliers
First-place votes: 0
Total points: 88
2016-17: 51-31 (L, Finals)
Comments: More than half of our panel agreed that the Cavaliers are the second-most likely team to win the title. Vegas agrees as they are currently 4-1 to win it all, twice as high as the Spurs, who are listed with the third-best odds at 8-1.
LeBron James is in search of his eighth straight NBA Finals appearance, a feat matched only by Bill Russell (10 straight), Sam Jones (9), Tom Heinsohn (9), K.C. Jones and Frank Ramsey. -- Adams
3. Houston Rockets
First-place votes: 0
Total points: 55
2016-17: 55-27 (L, West semis)
Comments: Though Vegas views the Spurs as the third-most likely champions, our panel likes the Rockets' chances despite them currently getting 25-1 odds in the desert (behind both the Spurs and Celtics and tied with the Thunder). Perhaps this is the season Chris Paul reaches a conference final as his 76 playoff games are the most in NBA history by a player to never appear in a conference final. -- Adams
Also receiving votes: Boston Celtics (14), San Antonio Spurs (13), Oklahoma City Thunder (6).
FCC Says It Will Vote On Net Neutrality Despite Millions Of Fake Public Comments Millions of public comments in advance of the FCC's vote on net neutrality turn out to have been faked. Some used phony names, others came from Russian email addresses. The FCC says it will go ahead with its vote this week nonetheless.
A woman has died after she was hit by one of Uber's autonomous cars in the US.
The taxi app maker said it is cooperating with the cops in the wake of the death.
According to police, Uber's vehicle was driving itself, although it had a human pilot behind the wheel, when it hit a woman crossing the street in Tempe, Arizona.
The accident happened on Sunday outside of the crosswalk near the intersection of Mill Avenue and Curry Road, according to telly news station ABC15. The woman, whose name has not been released, was taken to hospital, where she died of her injuries.
The deadly collision is believed to be the first time a self-driving car operating fully in autonomous mode has killed a pedestrian. Computer-controlled vehicles have previously suffered prangs, and at least one Tesla driver was killed in a smash after engaging Autopilot. That said, Tesla's technology is more super-cruise-control than truly hands-free autonomous driving. And that crash killed the bloke behind the wheel, not someone outside the car, which is what happened in Arizona over the weekend.
San Francisco-based Uber's CEO Dara Khosrowshahi took to Twitter to offer his sympathies on Monday:
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened. https://t.co/cwTCVJjEuz — dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) March 19, 2018
Uber has suspended all self-driving car tests in Arizona, San Francisco, Canada, and elsewhere, following the death, it is understood. "Our hearts go out to the victim's family," an Uber spokesperson said today. "We're fully cooperating with Tempe Police and local authorities as they investigate this incident."
It was initially reported that the victim was a cyclist, however, it later emerged she was walking across the road when the robo-ride struck.
An Uber autonomous vehicle crashed into a bicyclist in Tempe overnight. Uber isn't saying much at this point, but is pulling self-driving cars off the road in Tempe, Pittsburgh, SF and Toronto https://t.co/YOacuWFRoB — Daisuke Wakabayashi (@daiwaka) March 19, 2018
Arizona has been one of America's regions where self-driving cars have been permitted to operate under state law. A number of US states, including California, have been considering their own laws to allow self-driving cars to run on public roads without a human behind the wheel at all. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
By Seth Daniel
In the 1970s, the world of Charlestown's storied hockey history didn't really include women or girls.
Save for one hard-nosed coach that many opposing teams of the time learned to respect and to fear, relatives and friends said.
That woman was Anne Considine, dubbed the “original hockey mom” during a banner unveiling ceremony at the Emmons Horrigan O'Neill Memorial Rink on Sunday – a ceremony put on by the Charlestown Youth Hockey Association (CYHA) and attended by scores of her relatives.
The tribute focused on Anne, who passed away in 2004, but also paid tribute to Pat Sr., who passed away in 2008 and worked for the Boston Bruins – establishing a connection between the team and the Town.
“My mom was involved in a lot of things like the Kennedy Center, the Bunker Hill Task Force and the Community School, but her passion was youth hockey,” said Stephen Considine. “It was important to her for all the children of Charlestown and not just her five children. Her office was the kitchen table, and two things I can remember being said so often. First was ‘I don't care; it's for the kids. Get it done.' Second was ‘He's not a bad kid; he made a bad choice.' She was known in rinks all around New England and Canada. She would be seen fighting in the stands, the rink or even in the parking lot. She was known as ‘That woman from Charlestown.' My mom was tough, but fair. Everyone got treated equally. Whether it was the A-team or the in-house team, they all got the same equipment.”
In addition to Stephen, her children included Pat Jr., Dan, Eddie, Anne Marie and Stephen.
Pat Considine Jr. gave an emotional speech and said his mother didn't just drive the kids to the rink and let them off. She came in and she coached in a time when women didn't do that. She was, indeed, a pioneer for Charlestown hockey and beyond.
He said his mother devoted 20 years to CYHA, and stayed on long after her kids had moved on.
CYHA's Al Carrier said he remembered his first day at the rink. Being a Southie and Dorchester guy, he was a bit nervous when he went down to sign up his first son. However, Anne Considine was there to welcome him and initiate him into the Charlestown hockey experience.
Carrier presented the family with a plaque bearing a photo of Anne and Pat Sr. A similar plaque will also hang in the lobby of the rink.
State Rep. Dan Ryan said Anne Considine was his coach when he was a kid, and noted her devotion to the program.
“She was the first hockey mom – the original hockey mom 20 years before Sara Palin,” he joked. “I didn't have a lot of great skaters in my family and Anne was my mentor and my hockey mom. I needed her help and she was there and she helped me out.”
Councilor Michael Flaherty remembered firsthand going up against teams coached by Anne Considine when he was a player in the South Boston program.
He said the first time his team played Charlestown, many of the boys on the team were laughing because a woman was coaching the Charlestown team.
“There was a lot of snickering about Charlestown having a girl coach, but as soon as the game started, there she was arguing with the ref and throwing water bottles on the ice. There weren't moms doing that in the 1970s and 1980s and she was a pioneer…There weren't any like her. Here contribution to hockey and Charlestown is unprecedented…I would argue you have such a strong girls team because of Anne Considine.”
After the presentations, the siblings and 12 grandchildren and four great grandchildren unveiled the banner on the west wall of the rink.
The banner was designed and paid for by Gregg Nolan of The Nolan Group.
Added experience will be crucial commodity for the Hatters this season in their bid to reach League One according to midfielder Luke Gambin.
With the youngest starting 11 in the division last term, there were times when Hatters lacked the know-how to see games out, held to 17 draws in their league campaign.
Boss Nathan Jones has looked to rectify the situation by bringing in Brentford midfielder Alan McCormack, who at 33, has played over 450 first team games.
It was a shrewd signing for Gambin, as on the extra wisdom, he said: “Especially around League Two, I think that's critical and crucial.
“So definitely it's going to help the good, young players we have.”
Although not having faced McCormack on a football pitch, Gambin is well versed on the Irishman and is confident he will prove a fine acquisition for the Hatters.
He said: “I watch a lot of Championship football and I know of him. It will be nice to meet up and I think it's a great signing as he'll definitely be adding to the quality in our group.
“The manager brought him in for his reasons, and we all trust him, so we'll be ready to go as a unit.”
Despite signing keeper Marek Stech yesterday, Jones isn't planning on wholesale changes this term, and Gambin thinks that will aid another promotion push.
He added: “Not too much change is good. Everyone can come back, everyone knows each other, new players can integrate, and it's a great team.
“Whatever happens, we'll stick together, especially after last season and crack on.”
Detective have launched a murder investigation following the discovery of a man's body in Huntingdon.
At about 1.40pm on Thursday (February 1) the man's body was found by a member of the public in a wooded area of Hinchingbrooke Country Park. He has since been identified as Sam Mechelewski (20) from Huntingdon.
A post mortem was conducted yesterday evening (Friday, February 2), but no further details are available at this stage.
Officers are conducting searches close to the scene and house to house enquiries in the area.
Detective Chief Inspector Adam Gallop said: “We believe this was a targeted attack that has sadly resulted in the death of a young man.
“We're slowly piecing together Sam's movements from 8pm onwards on Wednesday. I appeal to anyone who knows Sam and saw him that evening, or anyone who was in the park and noticed anything suspicious, to contact us as a matter of urgency.”
In a statement, Sam's family said: “The last 24 hours have been the worst of our lives. Sam will be greatly missed by his family and friends.
“Sam was no angel, but his life should not have ended this way. If anyone has information please contact the police.
“We have no forgiveness for the person who has done this, but you are also someone's child. I urge you to come forward and take responsibility for your actions.”
Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CC-01022018-0198 or visit https://mipp.police.uk/operation/554.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
Facebook is rolling out a “Trending News” section on mobile that includes its own link in the app's main navigation. This follows the company's earlier announcement this spring of a redesign for Trending Topics, an increasingly important part of Facebook's social network, where it tracks the news stories that are buzzing across its service. That redesign is now rolling out to users on iPhone and Android devices in the U.S., while the added navigational link to Trending News became available on iPhone over the past few weeks, and is in testing on Android, Facebook tells us.
In case you missed Facebook's announcement in May, the Trending Topics section was redesigned with a focus on making it easier to see how other publications are covering a topic, in addition to what friends and public figures are saying about the matter.
When you click into a Trending Topic following the update, Facebook explained you will see a carousel of stories from other publications that you swipe through horizontally.
The publications linked to in this section are determined by engagement around both the article and publisher in general on Facebook, as well as what other articles are linking to it.
This card-style carousel look-and-feel was inspired in part by Facebook Paper, the company's long since shuttered standalone news reading app.
This carousel is still in the process of rolling out across the U.S.
Trending News feature in Facebook iOS app. #Facebook pic.twitter.com/uFhsOibwz0 — Jose Gutierrez (@fbjag) August 9, 2017
However, one aspect to Trending's makeover that wasn't really touched on during Facebook's earlier announcement was how Facebook was toying with a redesigned list of news stories that focused on headlines, not just “trending topics.”
The original look for Facebook's Trending Topics – which you pull up with a tap into the app's search box – is a simple list of topics and the beginning of a lede that's usually cut off. These appear below your own recent Facebook searches in the app.
However, if you access the new Trending News link that's just popped up in Facebook's navigation menu, you'll see an entirely different sort of Trending section.
Above: Old Trending on left vs New Trending on right
Instead of a “topic” (often just a word, person or place, like “China” or “Donald Trump”) and squiggly arrow icon, the news stories here include a headline, a photo, the name of a major media outlet that's reporting it, and how many other sources are available on the topic.
For example, next to the headline, it might say: “Reuters and 100+ other sources.”
Plus, by adding the photo next to each item, there's more room for expanded information – that is, a full headline and sourcing.
The new section also gives stories a rank (#1, #2, #3,…etc.)
Facebook's prior announcement in May didn't specifically detail how this Trending News section looked different from Trending Topics.
Frankly, it's all a bit confusing, because Trending Topics and Trending News don't seem to be tied directly together at this point. For example, you could have the link to Trending News in your app's main navigation, but still not have the new look for Trending Topics, which includes the carousel redesign.
However, in that same post, we did get a little peek at Trending News – but it was referenced as being a part of a “small test.”
Trending integration in News Feed still a “small test”
Facebook said then it was testing adding the top three Trending News stories to users' News Feeds. In a screenshot of this, you were able to see this list of stories with photos that were ranked by numbers, as well as stories identified by headlines instead of just “topics.”
This integration of a “mini” Trending News section into News Feed is not broadly available. That remains a “small test,” we understand.
But the addition of the Trending News link to Facebook's navigation is already live on iPhone, and being trialed on Android.
Of course, any changes Facebook makes to Trending are sure to met with a lot of scrutiny. The company last year faced criticism when it removed its human editors who curated this section, to run Trending by way of algorithms instead. (And those algorithms soon screwed up.) The social network has more recently made several changes to address the spread of fake news and filter bubbles, as well.
In this case, though, Facebook is not monkeying with how news is selected as “Trending,” only how it's being displayed.
The new Trending News section joins a number of other new additions to Facebook's main navigation as of late, including the food ordering option, Town Hall, weather, the Explore feed, and more. Not all these additions have stuck around – the new travel-focused City Guides section, for instance, has since disappeared.
College Station, Texas — Texas A&M University has criticized the views of a white nationalist who is planning a “white lives matter” rally on campus next month.
A&M spokeswoman Amy Smith told The Battalion student newspaper that Preston Wiginton's rhetoric is “counter to the core values of Texas A&M.”
Smith said in an earlier statement to The Dallas Morning News that the university didn't invite any white nationalists, but that it can't stop them from coming. She says anyone can reserve space on the public university's campus.
Wiginton says he's invited prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer to address the rally. It's not clear if Spencer will attend.
Wiginton, a former A&M student, says he was inspired by the weekend's “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, at which a vehicle plowed into a group of counterprotesters, killing at least one and injuring 19.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uH6QyJ
MEDICINE HAT, Alta.—Two pharmacists in southern Alberta have pleaded guilty to taking secret commissions valued at more than $300,000.
Evan King and Kathryn Kaiser were each given an 18-month conditional sentence when they appeared in provincial court in Medicine Hat on Monday.
The sentence includes house arrest for the first six months followed by a curfew.
King and Kaiser, who were co-managers at a Co-op pharmacy in Medicine Hat, were to go to trial on charges of fraud and theft over $5,000 before.
An agreed statement of facts says the pair accepted incentives from multiple pharmaceutical companies — as is common in the industry for pharmacies that do business with a company.
Monrovia - Following a slew of allegations that he possesses an American passport which is a violation of the Liberian Constitution and the new Elections Law, a group of opposition political parties has come to the defense of the embattled National Elections Commission (NEC) Chairman, Cllr. Jerome Korkoya, amid challenges he faces to exonerate himself from claims that he holds a U.S. citizenship.
Report by Henry Karmo - This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
The parties consist of the Coalition for Democratic Change (CDC), Union of Liberian Democratic (ULD) Movement for Progressive Change (MPC), All Liberian Coalition Party (ALCOP), Change Democratic Action (CDA) New Liberian Party (NLP) and the Victory for Change Party (VCP).
In a statement issued on Monday by the parties and read by Mr. Mulbah Morlu of the CDC, it stated: “The following signatories authorizing the release of this statement, being political parties sanctioned by their respective leaderships, herewith express an undaunted resolution to remaining viable partners in fostering the sustainable implementation of the 2017 General and Presidential elections timetable, which is being conducted under the Chairmanship of Cllr. Jerome Korkoya."
“The following political parties, being seized of the obligation to continually support and advocate for a peaceful and credible conduct of the 2017 general and presidential elections, henceforth interpret calls for the resignation of the current Elections Commission Chairman as untimely, counterproductive, and ill-advised.”
“In a resolution signed by the 15 registered political parties states that; cognizance of the historic essence of the on-going electoral mechanism, which would ascertain to thrive of sustainable democratic governance through the smooth transfer of power from one democratic leadership to the next.
“And acknowledging the efforts of the current administration of the National Elections Commission and its international partners in the pursuit of this constitutional duty, though additional efforts would be expected in strengthening the commission's technical, logistical and personnel infrastructure.
“And Taking into account the recognizable progress of the current elections timetable under the Jerome Korkoya-chaired Commission (and said Commission has already presided over several crucial steps that graduated these efforts to a crucial half-way mechanism), we denounce such calls for the resignation of the NEC chair and it is detrimental to the democratic stability of the country, since it could prove disruptive of the implementation timeline of the Commission, owing to the huge void that would be left to fill just few months to elections.”
Mr. Morlu, on behalf of the parties said, while they respect the fundamental rights of those making the case, they are not only concerned about the demands for provable facts under the circumstances, but believe the objective of the campaigners is being undermined by the Korkoya-led Commission's successful conduct of several past elections, including the 2014 Senatorial and other bi-elections.
“Hence, in our opinion, arguing against the legitimacy of Cllr. Jerome Korkoya as Chairman of the Commission is tantamount to an attempting delegitimization of fifteen Senators and several Lawmakers elected under his gavel as Chairman.
“This misguided approach amplifies our collective endorsement of this communiqué duly authorized with a view to sustaining our democracy and preventing its stumble into chaos, waiting to be exploited by anti-peace zealots,” the resolution stated.
Morlu, who has a record of criticizing the appointment of Korkoya and also lying that he met former U.S. President Barack Obama in Ghana, said while political parties continue to express specific concerns over certain aspects of the on-going electoral process, they also believe all Liberians should be seen as supportive of the free, fair and transparent conduct of the 2017 democratic elections under the administration of the current Chairman and Board of Commissioners of the National Elections Commission of Liberia.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
CALGARY—Analysts at CIBC have cut their target share price for Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd. and say its future is cloudy in the wake of its deal to sell its biggest current and growth asset — the Trans Mountain pipeline system — to the federal government. They say in a research report the company will be left cash-rich but prospect-poor after it agreed to sell its existing 300,000-barrel-per-day pipeline and the delayed 590,000-bpd expansion project for $4.5 billion.
A aerial view of Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain marine terminal, in Burnaby, B.C., is shown on Tuesday. Analysts at CIBC have cut their target share price for Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd. and say its future is cloudy in the wake of its deal to sell its biggest current and growth asset — the Trans Mountain pipeline system — to the federal government. ( JONATHAN HAYWARD / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Kinder Morgan Canada stock fell again Wednesday, continuing the post-deal trend that saw it close nearly three per cent lower at $16.10 on Tuesday. It dipped as low as $15.89 in late Wednesday morning trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange. CIBC slashed its 12-month price target to $17 from $22 because of its lower expectations of future growth in revenue and dividends for Kinder Morgan shareholders. It says the company has a great deal of capital available, given Ottawa's cash deal and the plan of its 70 per cent owner, Houston-based Kinder Morgan, Inc., to spend more than $15 billion in overall growth capital over the next five years.
Article Continued Below
But the note adds that it's unlikely that an acquisition would allow it to offset the benefit from the $7.4-billion expansion of its Trans Mountain pipeline. “While accretive options may be surfaced, we do not see a potential transaction as sufficient to offset the potential upside from the Trans Mountain expansion project,” the note says. Read more: Pension plan, or Kinder Morgan itself, seen as potential buyers of Trans Mountain Pipeline Kinder Morgan pipeline means more to politicians than it does to the economy, University of Alberta professor says
What to do now that you've bought a pipeline “Indeed, we question Kinder Morgan Inc.'s willingness to retain Kinder Morgan Canada longer term as it only contributes about two per cent of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) and has reduced growth prospects.”
Article Continued Below
Kinder Morgan Inc. created its Canadian subsidiary in a $1.7-billion initial public offering last year. But the deal means investors will no longer be able to share in the financial upside of the expansion project. Kinder Morgan Canada estimates the pipeline deal is worth about $12 per restricted voting share, after capital gains tax — about three-quarters of its total share price. The company will continue to hold an integrated network of crude tank storage and rail terminals in Alberta. It will also own a terminal in Vancouver and the Cochin Pipeline system, which transports light condensate from the United States to Fort Saskatchewan, just northeast of Edmonton. CIBC notes the retained assets were expected to contribute about half of the company's 2018 EBITDA of about $400 million, excluding construction funds. It expects after-tax proceeds for the approximately 30 per cent of Kinder Morgan Canada not owned by its Houston-based parent company to be about $1.25 billion. It didn't specify how it would spend the proceeds of the sale but did say it plans to continue to invest in Canada.
Read more about:
“You Can't Turn That Into A House” on FYI takes home improvement to a new level: transforming old grain silos, chicken coops, a dumpster and more into tiny houses.
Here & Now‘s Robin Young learns more about the show from hosts Taimoor Nana (@taimoor_nana), Rehan Nana and Kyle Davis.
Interview Highlights
On the concept behind the show
Taimoor Nana: “This story started off about 10 years ago, and the three of us were sitting around and we had an old grain bin, and a 100-year-old wooden barn that had been partially collapsed due to a tornado — we live here in the Midwest. And we wanted to really take the two and combine them together, and we came up with the design of taking a grain bin and making it into a luxury, two-story cabin that we felt people from the city could come out and enjoy the wilderness, where we really wanted to basically connect people to nature, and the process of building cabins out in the wilderness.”
On the theme of sustainability in the show and the houses they create
Rehan Nana: “There's definitely that aspect. We've all had long discussions about this, and one of the things that we really enjoy is being able to reuse things that would've otherwise been left fallow. If you look across the Midwest, there's literally thousands of old grain silos that, just by the progress of agriculture, they get bigger. And so all these old ones are just left there. And so we looked at them and said, ‘Hey, I think we can turn that into a house,' and we actually did end up doing it. And what's really nice is, a lot of these are out in the country, and so you really get to see a great glimpse of rural America.”
On whether it can be a dangerous job
Kyle Davis: “I mean it is, it is for sure. But you know, it's really a different scenario every single time. I really, I guess just don't like following rules and doing it how everyone else does with a full crew taking months and months on end and hundreds of thousands of dollars. I'd rather do it with two brothers out in the country, maybe a couple farmers, and get it done in a week.”
On seeing a potential home when others might see junk
RN: “We all kind of look at things differently I think, in all of these different structures. And you get to really see when we sit down collaboratively, and start spitballing the potential that an object does have, and I think it's something that I always enjoy because it's breaking something back down. It's almost like being a kid again. Like, you know, getting to play with Legos and imagining what something could be. And I think that when you're looking at a structure to try to turn it into a house, that's one of the critical things that you have to do is not imagine what it is now, but imagine what it could be.”
On building a house out of a dumpster
KD: “We cleared out the trash, and then Rehan got in there with a gigantic, heavy-duty power washer that was the full size of a pickup truck, and just power-washed the thing as good as we possibly could, and it really cleaned up pretty nice in the end. It wasn't a dumpster, it was just a nice metal box to get started building the house.”
On the idea of putting their homebuilding skills to use after hurricanes like Harvey and Maria
KD: “We had some people writing to us saying, ‘Hey, what can we … let's work on something,' and we've kicked around the idea of maybe we do make some portable, prefab housing that could be shipped to disaster areas. I think that would be a really interesting project and challenge to work on.”
Karl Robinson secured his first home win as Charlton manager in emphatic style as a Josh Magennis hat-trick helped towards a 4-1 victory over Bristol Rovers.
The Addicks, who also beaten their visitors 5-1 in the reverse fixture in November, fell behind early on to a Jermaine Easter strike. Magennis had them level just before the break, and headed a second not long after the interval.
Jorge Teixeira notched the third from close range, before Magennis rounded off the victory with a sublime finish to complete his treble.
The Gas had started on top and gained the lead as early as the 11th minute. Former Millwall striker Easter, who had already gone close in the opening stages, intercepted a loose Patrick Bauer pass in the Charlton half. The former Palace and Millwall man was able to round home keeper Dillon Phillips and slot home into an empty net.
Soon after, Magennis struck the crossbar with a curling free-kick, but the hosts would from then on endure a frustrating first period as Rovers piled plenty of men behind the ball.
Adam Chicksen's cross caught Will Puddy out but crashed off the bar before Magennis levelled things up – somewhat out of the blue – four minutes before the break.
Joe Aribo's free-kick found the former Kilmarnock man at the far post to plant a header beyond Puddy as the sides went in level at the break.
Charlton were ahead early in the second period, and the goal was a carbon copy of their first. Again Aribo's free-kick found Magennis, this time completely unmarked at the far post, where he nodded his second goal home.
The third came just before the hour mark and secured a hat-trick of assists for Aribo. He was afforded too much time and space to break down the left and produced a simple cross that Teixeira tapped home from two yards out. It was the Portuguese defender's first goal of the campaign.
The majestic Magennis completed his hat-trick with just over 15 minutes left. Andrew Crofts set him through with a measured ball over the top but the Northern Irish international still had plenty to do, curling around Puddy and in off the far post from just inside the area.
The scores remained the same from then on, which meant that Charlton, who now have a fortnight off as next weekend's opponents Rochdale are still in the FA Cup, head into their rematch with South London rivals Millwall on a high and unbeaten in three since their 3-1 defeat at The Den before Christmas.
This research study on the Global Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) Market offers detailed and insightful information on major regional markets and related sub-markets. The information is gathered via both, but not limited to, extensive secondary research and primary research. The major secondary data sources referred for collecting information include industry journals, white papers, databases, company reports, and up-to-date press releases among others. The study also comprises factors driving and inhibiting the development of chemical vapor deposition (CVD) market. The key opportunity areas and trends prevalent in this market are also been compiled in this study. The current size of this market and its predicted market size by the end of forecast period have been highlighted through this study.
Download Table of Content@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/tentative-table-of-content/689
The report has been studied in terms of key market segments and sub-segments. The information on currently leading market segments and sub-segments and the reasons for this growth have been emphasized in the scope of this study. An extensive analysis of chemical vapor deposition (CVD) market has been encapsulated on the basis of estimations of key market segments in the forecast horizon. In addition, the technological developments that took place in the market and those predicted to take place in coming years have also been outlined through this study.
The projections presented in this study on chemical vapor deposition (CVD) market have been made by analyzing market's future potential and prevalent trends. The market's growth in various geographies has been studied in detail under this report. The top regions in this market and the reasons for the growth in that particular region have been outlined in the report. Further, the report presents competitive landscape of the chemical vapor deposition (CVD) market , covering information on the market share/positioning analysis of leading players in the market. Under this section, the prime strategies of key players, their strengths and weaknesses, and contributions in market growth are discussed. These players are also evaluated on the basis of attributes such as revenue, gross, product overview, and contact information.
Report Coverage
Market Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD) Market Analysis Period 2015 – 2026 Historic Data 2015 – 2016 Base Year 2017 Forecast Data 2018 – 2026 Market Stratification Technology, End Use Industry, Geography Regional Scope North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa (MEA) Report Coverage Market Trends, Drivers, Restraints, Porter's Five Forces Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Player Profiling, Value Chain Analysis
Our expert team will assist and customize the report so that it best fit your exact requirement, Click Here@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/request-customization/689
The major market segments of global chemical vapor deposition (CVD) market are as below:
Market By Technology
Low Pressure CVD
Atmospheric Pressure CVD
Plasma Enhanced CVD
Metal Organic CVD
Photo Assisted CVD
Hot Filament CVD
Ultrahigh Vacuum CVD
Market By End Use Industry
Microelectronics
Cutting Tools
Industrial & Energy
Medical Devices & Equipment
Others
Market By Geography
North America
U.S.
Canada
Mexico
Europe
UK
France
Germany
Rest of Europe
Asia-Pacific
China
Japan
India
Australia
Rest of Asia-Pacific
Latin America
Brazil
Chile
Rest of LATAM
Middle East and Africa (MEA)
South Africa
Saudi Arabia
Rest of MEA
Market Players
Some of the major players involved in chemical vapor deposition (CVD) market include ULVAC Inc., Mustang Vacuum Systems, Plasma Therm, LLC, IHI Ionbond AG, Oxford Instruments, Veeco Instruments Inc., Oerlikon Balzers, Buhler AG, Singulus Technologies AG, Praxair Surface Technologies and Tokyo Electron Limited among others.
Inquiry Before Buying@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/inquiry-before-buying/689
Buy this premium research report@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/buy-now/0/689
Would like to place an order or any question, please feel free to contact at sales@acumenresearchandconsulting.com
About Us
Acumen Research and Consulting (ARC) is a global provider of market intelligence and consulting services to information technology, investment, telecommunication, manufacturing, and consumer technology markets. ARC helps investment communities, IT professionals, and business executives to make fact based decisions on technology purchases and develop firm growth strategies to sustain market competition. With the team size of 100+ Analysts and collective industry experience of more than 200 years, Acumen Research and Consulting assures to deliver a combination of industry knowledge along with global and country level expertise.
Amid ongoing struggles at Uber, one of its stronger regional rivals in transportation on demand has raised a significant round of funding, picking up a significant strategic investor in the process. Careem, a transportation startup currently in 80 cities across the Middle East, has raised another $150 million — closing out a $500 million Series E round that it confirmed in December when it announced the first $350 million tranche. With the new funds, Mudassir Sheikha, Careem's co-founder and CEO, confirmed that Careem's valuation is now over $1 billion. A separate source tells us more precisely that the funding is now $1.2 billion.
This latest tranche is being led by Saudi-based Kingdom Holding, the VC that also backs Lyft and invested in Twitter and Snap before they went public. German automaker Daimler (which itself has acquired Hailo in the UK, Taxibeat in Greece and MyTaxi in Germany), and VCs DCM Ventures and Coatue Management also participated. (A source confirms to us that the overall $500 million is being led by Rakuten, which invested in the first tranche.)
“With our investment in Careem, we are now taking the strategic step to becoming the world's leading provider of mobility services,” Klaus Entenmann, CEO, Daimler Financial Services AG, said in a statement. “Careem has quickly leapt to the leadership of ridesharing within the MENA regions by delivering rapid innovation and customer growth, and it is spearheading new ways to transport people from point A to point B.”
This is a significant Series E for Careem — previously, the company had only raised $72 million. The size of the round speaks of the opportunity that investors see right now to grow more regional transportation services — both in direct competition with Uber and incumbent forms of transportation as well as to simply to tap a very big opportunity.
In the case of Careem, the latter is actually the stronger force at the moment. Sheikha — who co-founded the company with Magnus Olsson (who is the MD) — estimates that Careem plus Uber account for only around one percent of the potential market for transportation services in the region.
“When it comes to ride hailing, Uber is the primary competitor, but between us we're serving just one percent of the opportunity,” he said, “so the biggest challenge is just growing.
“Dubai is a truly global city, but as soon as you leave Dubai for places like Oman or Cairo or many other cities, you realise that public transport infrastructure is not extensive. Plus, in our markets, if you look at the numbers, car ownership is also very low. Transportation is supply constrained.”
Indeed, while half the world is railing about how Uber has treated women over the years, the challenges are of a decidedly different nature in Careem's neck of the woods.
While women can drive in some places, in many they cannot, and many simply do not. “Women want to go out to school, college and work but cannot go because there is no car available,” he said. Many rely on fathers, brothers and husbands to get them around. “Transportation and lack of public transport what we are trying to address and reliably remove that constraint.”
Another issue that is perhaps more specific to Careem's place as a startup mostly focused on emerging markets: payments. The vast majority of consumers either do not have credit or debit cards, or simply prefer to pay in cash, so Careem has had to adjust accordingly.
The company has come up with a mix of interesting solutions, including a network of people in its cities who act as collection managers, taking funds and then paying out drivers. And it also has developed an in-app wallet, where your change can be deposited after a ride if your driver doesn't have it to hand, and then used for a future trip. The wallet also acts as a credit account for the highest-rated passengers.
There is more leakage on cash, but the hope is that with elements like the in-app virtual wallet, passengers and drivers gradually get more used to using less of it in Careem's services. “This is the unfortunate reality,” Sheikha said. “Payments is a challenge for a service like ours.”
Careem has been growing at a very quick pace so far. Today it has close to 250,000 drivers (“captains” in Careem's terminology), and 10 million people are signed up and the app is now in 80 cities in the region, covering 13 countries. Revenues and trips are both growing between 20 and 25 percent month on month at the moment, said Sheikha. (As a point of comparison Careem noted 150,000 drivers and less than 50 cities in December.)
While Daimler's investment is another step in how the carmaker continues to fill out its regional ride-sharing portfolio — notably in a market where Mercedes-Benz (part of Daimler) is a very popular make — Sheikha notes that it's also an opportunity for Careem to tap into some of the technology that Daimler is working on for the next generation of cars.
Dubai's leader has set a target for 25 percent of all transportation to be in driverless vehicles by 2030, and although Careem has just raised a large round of funding, investing in and developing your own autonomous technology has a very high barrier to entry (indeed, that “AI divide” is a problem that one startup is now trying to tackle). So, one solution is to partner with companies that are not direct competitors who are making those future bets.
Daimler has already been working with Uber on self-driving pilots, and has set a target to have self-driving cars on the road in the next five years, so this will give it one more channel to market: via its strategic investment in Careem.
Another interesting strategic aspect of this round is the fact that not only does Daimler have other transportation startups in its portfolio, but Careem now has multiple investors who also back another big ride-sharing company, Lyft in the US.
There has been a lot of talk about how non-Uber car startups can collaborate more together. And although we've actually seen very few (no?) fruits from that labor, Sheikha said that he can see some opportunities in the future to give Careem app users the ability to continue to use their apps when they travel abroad and want to order cars in other markets. (No deals made yet on that front, though.)
Interestingly, having DCM and Coatue participate in this round marks the first time that Careem has had Silicon Valley investors backing it. It's part of a larger trend of investors and tech companies starting to pay a lot more attention to the region as a new growth area. Big deals like Amazon's acquisition of Souq, and the acquisitions that retail and real estate giant Emaar is making to consolidate regional e-commerce and logistics players, are also both signs of how the strongest startups in the Middle East are sprouting.
“Overall, I feel the Middle East is more on the map than ever before,” Sheikha said. “We always knew the opportunity: 700 million people, 10 percent of global population are here. But the opportunity is so fragmented. There is no one Brazil or India, and infrastructure is still lacking and wealth is unbalanced, but it's still a big, exciting opportunity.”
QUETTA, Aug 14 (APP): Azadi Parade was held at Bughti Stadium Quetta on
Monday on Pakistan's 70th Independence Day.
Chief guest of the ceremony Governor Balochistan Muhammad Khan Achakzai
along with Chief Minister Balochistan Nawab Sanaullah Khan Zehri and Commander Southern Command Lt. General Amir Riaz hoisted the national flag on the occasion.
A smartly turned out contingent of Pakistan Army presented salam to the
national flag, whereas renowned artists presented “milli naghmas”.
The ceremony was also attended by provincial ministers, members of the
assembly, high-ranked civil and military officials.
Speaking at the ceremony Commander Southern Command said that the
situation had changed a lot in Balochistan and the Independence Day was being celebrated with full entushiasm and national fervor throughout the province.
He said there was no part of Balochistan where the slogan “Long Live
Pakistan” was not heard.
Charlotte Taylor stormed to sixth place and led Great Britain to team gold at the European Cross-Country Championships in Slovakia today (December 10).
The 24 year-old Nene Valley Harrier, who was making her debut for the senior ladies team after being selected on the back of some impressive results in America, carved her way through the field, and was even in contention for an individual medal until her effort took its toll in the final mile.
GILGIT, June 14 (APP): Minister Finance Gilgit-Baltistan Haji
Muhammad Akbar Taban today presented Rs54.40 billion provincial budgets for fiscal year 2017-18 carrying 10 percent increase in salaries of the employees of the provincial government employees and pensioners.
The new fiscal budget includes Rs 28,26,21,69000 for non development
expenditures and Rs 18, 30 billion for Annual Development Program, and allocation for food subsidies is Rs. 7.8450 billion.
The Public Sector Development Program has outlay of Rs 3.30 billion
including schemes for education, health, law and order, irrigation and agriculture, communication, infrastructure, water and energy sectors.
For Chief Minister sustainable program a sum of Rs.2, 710000000 have
been allocated.
A sum of Rs 1,530000000 has been allocated for education. Funds have been suggested for construction of new buildings of schools, provision of basic necessary facilities to them including drinking water, walls and provision of furniture while the up gradation of schools was among the program.
Health sector will receive a sum for over Rs 1,800000000 for its
development. Under the new health budget, new health centers will be established while already hospitals and basic health centers will
receive machinery, medicines and other necessary facilities.
A sum of over Rs 43, 42, 00,000 has been allocated for livestock and
agriculture sector. For local government and rural development
Rs.45000000 has been allocated.
For the sectors of information, services, administration and cabinet a
sum of Rs.4, 27, 00 was allocated. For power sector a sum of
Rs.3,530000000 have been allocated. For law and justice a sum of
Rs.14,500000 have been allocated.
For excise and taxation a sum of Rs.12, 6800000 have been allocated.
For forestry and wild life Rs. 22,6700000 , for environment sector
Rs 29,30,75,000,for youth affairs, tourism, sport and culture Rs.53,76,00000 has been allocated.
For mineral and industries RS.17, 3000000, for LG and RD a sum of
Rs.400, 000,000 has been allocated.
Chief Minister Gilgit Baltistan Hafeez Urehman and Speaker GB
Legislative Assembly Fida Nashad termd the Budget apro-poor and public bidget. It was PML (N) government third budget in Gilgit-Baltistan.
Newton County prepares to upgrade its emergency dispatch software that's designed for more efficiency and safety. Newton County agencies have agreed to take part in this county-wide project. with the bulk of the software being installed at the Newton County dispatch building in Neosho.
Software aimed at being more safety aware.
"Our system is dated," says Newton County Sheriff Chris Jennings.
"We've had the current system for 17 years," says Chancy Huntzinger, head of the Newton County dispatch.
"Yeah, we've gotten behind," says Jennings.
Newton County's dispatch center handles calls for five police departments, plus the Newton County Sheriff's Office. Consider this scenario: An officer in Neosho just met someone who got into a violent altercation with law enforcement in Seneca. Right now, that Neosho officer would need to go out of his way to make sure he's safe.
"There's no way to know, unless they just ask. Unless they say, 'Dispatch, can you check with Seneca and see, or check with global records and see?'," says Huntzinger.
But soon, law enforcement in Newton County will have access in their vehicles to one, more accessible database.
Police and deputies will soon be able to download a special app to their smartphones.
"If they were to leave their vehicle, we can track their smartphone. So, if they were to get in a foot pursuit, we can track their smartphones," says Huntzinger.
This new technology will also help stop pursuits more efficiently, when crossing into Joplin and parts of Jasper County. Dispatchers there already use this technology on their computers.
"Instead of us trying to relay everything over the phone or radio, it'll be automatically in front of them," says Jennings.
All of this technology centers around making sure keeping emergency responders safe never gets outdated.
This new software will also be available to Newton County's 10 fire departments, plus the Newton County Ambulance District. Each emergency agency is contributing to the total $$495,000 start-up cost. The agencies will then continue paying towards the yearly $38,000 fee to use this software.
