NORTH BAY, Ont. — Skip Jennifer Jones and her Canadian team fought through a few uncharacteristic mistakes Monday before pulling out a 9-5 win over China at the world women's curling championship.
Third Kaitlyn Lawes threw a stone through the house in the fourth end, Jones had a flash in the eighth and second Jill Officer had a miss of her own in the 10th end.
Canada was still able to regain the lead with a deuce in the ninth and stole two more points in the 10th to remain unbeaten in round-robin play.
“We just stayed patient and that's kind of what we do,” said lead Dawn McEwen.
The win moved Canada into a first-place tie with Anna Hasselborg of Sweden at 4-0. Hasselborg, the 2018 Olympic champion, beat American Jamie Sinclair 6-4 in the morning draw.
South Korea's EunJung Kim (3-0) was the only other unbeaten team after seven draws. The Olympic silver medallists were scheduled to play Sweden on Monday evening.
After a so-so first half, Jones and her Winnipeg team caught a break when China skip Yilun Jiang missed a takeout in the sixth end to give Canada a steal of three.
Jones forced China to a single in the seventh but was wide on a blank attempt in the eighth, which pulled China even with a steal.
“I was pretty ticked off at myself in eight,” Jones said. “That was just not a very smart thing to do. But if you're going to do it, the fourth game of the round-robin is the game to do it in.”
Lawes came through with a nice double takeout in the ninth and Jiang was light on her final throw to set up the critical deuce. The China skip missed a longshot runback attempt in the 10th to end the game.
“We didn't play as great as we wanted to in the first half but they played outstanding,” Jones said. “They made everything and we really had to battle back.
“Obviously the steal of three helped but it was a fun game to play.”
Despite a few miscues, the Jones rink still shot 86 per cent on the afternoon. China was at 80 per cent overall.
Jones threw 88 per cent while her counterpart struggled at 70 per cent.
Canada had a comfortable ride over the opening weekend at the North Bay Memorial Gardens with three smooth victories. Denmark and Scotland are on deck Tuesday and then it's a tough 1-2 punch of South Korea and Sweden on Wednesday.
“We need tests, especially early as we try to figure things out,” McEwen said. “We'd be OK taking every single game to the last rock as long as we win.”
In other afternoon games, Denmark's Angelina Jensen scored a single in the 10th for a 6-5 win over Germany's Daniela Jentsch. Czech skip Anna Kubeskova needed only seven ends to complete an 11-4 rout of Scotland's Hannah Fleming and Japan's Tori Koana edged Sinclair 7-6.
Italy's Diana Gaspari topped Russia's Victoria Moiseeva 6-5 in the morning draw. Four games were scheduled for Monday night.
After seven draws, Japan and Russia were tied in fourth place at 3-1. The Czechs and Italy were next at 2-2, followed by the United States at 2-3. China, Denmark and Switzerland were 1-3 while Germany and Scotland remained winless at 0-4.
Round-robin play continues through Friday. The six-team playoff round starts Saturday and the medal games are scheduled for Sunday.
Jones is looking for her first world title since 2008. Ottawa skip Rachel Homan won gold at last year's event in Beijing.
——
Follow @GregoryStrongCP on Twitter.
Ever since Anurag Kashyap has heard the news of CBFC chairman Pahlaj Nihalani being replaced by adman-lyricist Prasoon Joshi, he can't contain his happiness and while, talking to HT, he said, "Something you've been waiting for, and it suddenly happens, it's like wow! Did this really happen? And that, too, before my film came out."
Talking about Prasoon Joshi, he said, "I might disagree with the things [Prasoon Joshi] says or does sometimes, but not all the time. Also, he's a very open person. What is amazing is that a dialogue is possible."
"See, the government that will come in -any government, Congress or BJP - will always hand over institutions to people who're kind of aligned with its ideologies."
Sushant Singh Rajput BREAKS SILENCE On Being Tagged As An 'ARROGANT' Actor!
"I believe there should be no censorship and only certification, and I believe Prasoon Joshi is the kind of person who believes in that, because he has often talked about it," said Anurag.
Recalling his traumating experience with Pahlaj Nihalani, he said, "Pahlajji was like a darbar (court) who'd sit down and make you stand and talk for three hours and lecture you how he's better than you."
"It's a very humiliating process that every filmmaker went through. It wasn't a dialogue but only a monologue, where he would be the one talking; and he'd tell you what to do. There would be subtle threats and this and that... You have no idea what kind of relief this is!"
HELSINKI — Finland has become the first country in Europe to pay its unemployed citizens a basic monthly income, amounting to 560 euros ($587), in a unique social experiment which is hoped to cut government red tape, reduce poverty and boost employment.
Olli Kangas from the Finnish government agency KELA, which is responsible for the country's social benefits, said Monday that the two-year trial with the 2,000 randomly picked citizens who receive unemployment benefits kicked off Jan. 1.
Those chosen will receive 560 euros every month, with no reporting requirements on how they spend it. The amount will be deducted from any benefits they already receive.
The average private sector income in Finland is 3,500 euros per month, according to official data.
Kangas said the scheme's idea is to abolish the “disincentive problem” among the unemployed.
The trial aims to discourage people's fears “of losing out something”, he said, adding that the selected persons would continue to receive the 560 euros even after receiving a job.
A jobless person may currently refuse a low-income or short-term job in the fear of having his financial benefits reduced drastically under Finland's generous but complex social security system.
“It's highly interesting to see how it makes people behave,” Kangas said. “Will this lead them to boldly experiment with different kinds of jobs? Or, as some critics claim, make them lazier with the knowledge of getting a basic income without doing anything?”
The unemployment rate of Finland, a nation of 5.5 million, stood at 8.1 percent in November with some 213,000 people without a job — unchanged from the previous year.
The scheme is part of the measures by the center-right government of Prime Minister Juha Sipila to tackle Finland's joblessness problem.
Kangas said the basic income experiment may be expanded later to other low-income groups such as freelancers, small-scale entrepreneurs and part-time workers.
Richard Mosse on 'Brilliant Ideas'
Richard Mosse is an Irish photographer and filmmaker, who immerses himself in his subject, integrating documentary journalism and art practice to explore issues of conflict, displacement and perception. He is one of only two photographers ever to have won both the Deutsche Borse Prize and The Prix Pictet, two of photography's most prestigious international awards. Richard is working on his latest award winning project, Heat Maps, a detailed documentation of Europe's refugee camps. (Source: Bloomberg)
Dipika & Shoaib To Start A Family Soon!
When the actress was asked about family planning, she was quoted by Spotboye as saying, "It is so funny this Mother's Day I wished so many ladies and at least 90% of them have replied, ‘Waiting for you to join (laughs).' I was like, ‘Excuse me, I just got married.' But seriously for family planning there is time... at least a year to go."
Dipika Can Put Her Career On Hold For A Baby!
When asked whether she would put her career on hold to have a baby, the actress replied, "Why not?" The actress added, "I am a complete home person."
The Actress Is A Complete Home Person
The actress further added, "If Shoaib tells me someday that, ‘Beta aap aaram karo main hoon.' I will say, ‘Ya, Ya please mujhe kaam nahi karna.' I am more than happy being home."
Shoaib On Dipika
Well, we agree that Dipika is a complete home person! Recently (before bagging Qayamat Ki Raat), when Shoaib was asked as to what's Dipika up to (as she was missing from television), he told the leading daily, "She's not alone at all. She has more time than I have with Ammi, Papa and Saba (Shoaib's parents and sister). They are a riot when together."
Marriage Is Their Priority
When asked as to when fans can watch Dipika on-screen, the actor had said that marriage is their priority, and her comeback is her call!
Bollywood star Saif Ali Khan will join the inimitable Karan Johar to host the 18th edition of the International Indian Film Academy (IIFA) Awards in New York next month. He says they have surprises in store.
Aishwarya Rai & Jaya Bachchan Look All Love In This Picture
Saif said in a statement, "I am happy to be back to the IIFA stage this year as I join my close friend Karan Johar to host the IIFA Awards in New York.
Saif On Co-hosting IIFA 2017 "The excitement for IIFA has been steadily growing worldwide. This year it's going to be super fun and glamorous in every way as Karan and I are going to have lots of surprises in store for our fans internationally." IIFA 2017 Will Mark The Debut Of Varun Bollywood's youth icon Varun Dhawan will make is make a debut at IIFA Awards with a performance and he will be also be seen co- hosting a segment of the star-studded awards night on July 15. Varun said: "It's going to be a grand celebration and I can't wait to be there." We're Damn Excited! To be held at the MetLife Stadium, the IIFA gala will be a celebration of Indian film, music, fashion and dance. It will feature performances by Bollywood stars Salman Khan, Alia Bhatt, Katrina Kaif, Shahid Kapoor, Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon, to name a few. That's Amazing! A day before the main awards gala, IIFA Rocks will regale the audience with a celebration of 25 years of Oscar winning talent A.R. Rahman. It will also feature a medley of musicians including Rahman, Diljit Dosanjh, Benny Dayal, Javed Ali, Neeti Mohan, Jonita Gandhi and Haricharan Seshadri. Riteish & Manish Will Host IIFA Rocks Riteish Deshmukh and Manish Paul will host IIFA Rocks.
Organised by Wizcraft International Entertainment, the excitement for the Bollywood event is already palpable in New York.
This is the second time that the IIFA extravaganza is taking place in the US. It was earlier held in Tampa Bay in 2014.
Wednesday's midweek trip to Blackpool had given us a little taste of defeat, but the fact it was via a penalty shoot-out meant we headed to Crawley still optimistic of maintaining our unbeaten run of form and making progress.
Alas, a day in the freezing cold quite literally left us short of breath and made the long trip home confused - or was that just me?
For me Mansfield were looking okay for the first half.
The game wasn't the greatest and will not go down in a hall of fame to watch again – but the bare minimum of taking a point home looked a cast iron certainty.
Yet a lapse in marking from a set-play (again) saw us go a goal down and, as we pushed players forwards to chase the game, we got caught out and conceded a second – which to be fair, I've no problem with as at least we tried.
However, this is where my mind is getting all confused! Why on earth did it take us going 1-0 down to start playing with an urgent energy and any real flair, and what on earth was Evans doing with 15 minutes to go, bringing Pearce on and throwing Diamond up front?
Because he withdrew Johnny Hunt, we had no natural left sided cover (as Hamilton had already been replaced by Butcher) and as such went into a 2-4-1-3 formation with Butcher in attacking midfield and Diamond, Rose and Angol as a front three!
Unless Hunt was injured, which he didn't look from my vantage point, and you were bringing Pearce on – you'd take White off and move Bennett across.
It made no sense with 15 minutes plus to go, especially with Sterling-James and Mellis, both attacking players, on the bench?
I've no issue with Diamond being thrown up there, it's the kitchen sink tactic.
But don't you do that with five minutes to go after playing one of your attacking substitution cards?
I'm actually surprised it took the hosts until the last minute to get the inevitable counter-attacking goal.
The whole game just left me bamboozled as we looked a far cry from the team that had done so well in going on an unbeaten run.
I fear for the dressing room actually. If I, a humble fan, am I questioning the tactical switch – what must a bunch of pros be thinking?
Evans questioned the players' mentality in his post-match assessment, noting that they didn't train properly on Friday.
If you spot that during the training session, surely you halt the session – give them what for and run it again rather than just leave it to wallow and get worse?
We have a lot of football to come over the next few weeks and, with the transfer window opening again soon, there are bound to be changes.
It's now more than ever that we need to be settled, and so, to make such comments makes bright warning lights start to flash.
We have to improve against teams lower than us in the table, we have to be together as one top to bottom and we have to stop this pendulum swing between being world-beaters and so bang average that a team of snowmen could beat us!
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Vanity Capital Inc. (TSX VENTURE: VYC) ("Vanity" or the "Company") is pleased to announce it has entered into a property agreement with Messrs. Luc Gagnon and Daniel Darrah (the "Vendors") to acquire 100% of their interest in nine claims for sixty-six claim units covering approximately 4,400 acres located in the Phillips Township, Kenora District, Ontario, north of the NewGold's Rainy River Gold Deposit (the "Agreement"). The claims cover what was formerly known as the Combined Gold Prospect which covered a historical resource of 240,000 tons grading 0.30 o.p.t. in gold. These reserve estimates are historical in nature, have not been verified by Vanity or its qualified person, and should not be relied upon.
Under the terms of the Agreement Vanity is required to pay the Vendors $30,000 on acceptance of the transaction by the TSX Venture Exchange. On the first, second and third anniversary of the TSX Venture Exchange acceptance of the Agreement Vanity is required to pay the Vendor's $30,000 and 100,000 common shares in Vanity. On the fourth anniversary of the TSX Venture Exchange acceptance of the Agreement Vanity is required to pay the Vendor's $30,000 and 200,000 common shares in Vanity.
A 1% Net Smelter Return is to be retained by the Vendors. Vanity, at its option, may buy 100% of the Net Smelter Return from the Vendors for the sum of $1,000,000.
The Agreement is subject to the parties obtaining the approval of the TSX Venture Exchange.
Messrs. Gagnon and Darrah are arms-length parties to Vanity. No finder's fee will be paid in connection with entering into the Agreement.
Vanity also has staked seven additional claims (for another 69 claim units) to tie up the surrounding area which covers another three gold prospects along a portion of the Cameron Lake-Pipestone volcanic belt.
Vanity now controls 135 claim units for roughly 5400 acres in geological regime similar to the Rainy River and Cameron Lake deposits. It expects to carry out a field exploration program throughout the summer of 2017 centered on the high-grade gold mineralization found at the Combined Gold Prospect.
Private Placement
Vanity has completed a non-brokered private placement of 1,000,000 Units at a price of $0.50 per Unit for gross proceeds of CDN $500,000 (the "Private Placement"). Each Unit will consist of one common share and one warrant to purchase one common share (the "Warrant") of Vanity. Each warrant is exercisable into one common share of Vanity at an exercise price of $0.60 per common share for a period of twenty-four months following the closing date of the Private Placement. The Warrants contain an acceleration provision (the "Acceleration Provision") that states: "If the volume weighted average closing price of the common shares on the TSX Venture Exchange is $1.20 or more for 21 consecutive trading days at any time subsequent to the expiry of six months from the date of issuance of the Warrants, then the Issuer will earn the right, by providing notice (the "Acceleration Notice") to the Warrant holder(s), to accelerate the Expiry Date of the Warrants to that date which is 30 days from the date of the Acceleration Notice."
Proceeds from the Private Placement will be used for general working capital. The completion of the Private Placement is subject to regulatory approval, as well as approval from the TSX Venture Exchange.
Extension of Outstanding Warrants
Vanity has requested the TSX Venture Exchange approve a two-year extension of the exercise term of 500,000 warrants it issued in a private placement in March 2015. Each warrant was deemed exercisable into one common share at an exercise price of $0.60 per share for a period of twenty-four months following the closing date of the private placement. No warrants issued in the private placement have been exercised and the exercise term is coming to a close on March 13, 2017.
About Vanity
Vanity is a Vancouver junior exploration company. It is Vanity's main mineral exploration property is Porcupine Property located in the Duparquet Township area of Quebec under option from IAMGOLD. The Porcupine Property consists of ten (10) contiguous patented claims covering approximately 153 hectares. Vanity is reviewing other potential property acquisitions and opportunities.
On behalf of the Board of Directors of
VANITY CAPITAL INC.
Nick Segounis, Chairman
Cautionary Statement
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Lake County deputies seize 49 pounds of marijuana during traffic stop
hello
A California man is facing felony drug-trafficking charges after Lake County authorities say they found him with nearly 50 pounds of marijuana during a traffic stop Friday.
Eusvaldo Valenzuela-Gaxiola, 39, of Tulare, California, is charged with cannabis trafficking, delivery of cannabis, possession of cannabis and possession of a controlled substance. The most serious charges are Class X felonies punishable by 30 years in prison.
Authorities say Lake County Sheriff's deputies pulled over Valenzuela-Gaxiola about 12:30 p.m. Friday, after he was seen driving without visible registration along Route 59 near Devlin Road in Fox Lake.
During the traffic stop, sheriff's police said, deputies smelled the odor of marijuana. While later searching the vehicle, deputies found more than 49 pounds of marijuana, valued at more than $150,000, according to the sheriff's office.
Valenzuela-Gaxiola also had cocaine in his possession, authorities say.
Valenzuela-Gaxiola remained in custody Monday at the Lake County jail on $2 million bail. He is scheduled to appear in court Aug. 28.
TROY, Ala. — Wesley Person scored 18 points, Jordon Varnado had 17 and Troy defeated rival South Alabama 80-63 on Saturday for the Trojans' first season sweep of the Jaguars since 2009-10.
Varnado added eight rebounds, four assists and three blocks while Person made four 3-pointers. Alex Hicks scored 14 points, B.J. Miller 13 and Kevin Baker had 11 points and 10 rebounds off the bench for his first career double. The Trojans (10-13, 4-6 Sun Belt) made 10 3-pointers.
Trhae Mitchell and Josh Ajayi scored 17 points apiece for South Alabama (11-12, 4-6) with Rodrick Sikes adding 12.
A 9-0 run with seven points from Miller late in the first half gave the Trojans the lead for good. Leading 61-53 with 8:35 remaining in the game, Troy used a 13-2 run to put the game away.
CAIRO: A Kuwaiti television presenter stirred controversy on social media after sharing with his followers an ultrasound picture of his fetus, reports have said.The young presenter shared a photo portrait of himself alongside his wife as they both posed – smiling – with an image of their baby's ultrasound.The picture shows the presenter putting his arms around his pregnant wife – who is dressed in a headscarf – while the couple hold the ultrasound picture together.But rather than sharing in their apparently obvious joy, many took to social media, criticizing the decision to share the ultrasound scan.The presenter received numerous angry comments from various Twitter users who voiced their disapproval of the “sharing private family photos.”Some wrote “it was shameful” and “inconsistent with Kuwaiti traditions” to share the photo.Others however regarded the act as “personal freedom,” adding that “it's a beautiful photo” and that there was nothing wrong with sharing it.“If those in the picture were Westerners, people would've said they are cute,” a Twitter user wrote.
You may have seen or heard ads about Ohio's Issue 2 urging you to vote for or against the issue.
But with those ads it's not necessarily easy to get a clear understanding of what the issue is actually about.
Supporters say the Drug Price Relief Act would allow the state to buy prescription drugs at the same or lower prices as the U.S Department of Veteran Affairs.
In most cases, the VA gets better discounts on drugs then the state receives.
While some support the issue, Brian Dicken with the Lucas County Chamber of Commerce says it's confusing to voters.
"As we started taking a look at it the language in it, it is pretty ambiguous. So it's not clear how it gets implemented and who all it will affect,” said Dicken.
But former U.S. Congressman from Ohio, Dennis Kucinich, supports the initiative and says it would save Ohioans money.
"This is about affordability of health care, but more specifically that prescription drugs can be obtained at the lowest possible rate by the state saving tax payers about 400 million a year,” said Kucinich.
But opponents say those who are privately insured or who don't get their medication through a state program could potentially see an increase in drug prices.
"The studies that have been done on it at this point show that about 2 out of every 3 people in the state. That's about 7 million people won't benefit from it and could actually see an increase in drug costs,” said Dicken.
Kucinich insists the measure should pass in order to have fair prices for those much-needed drugs.
"Pharmaceutical companies are very powerful. They're able to force all that, so right now the American people are basically paying the price that
pharmaceuticals are asking for and that doesn't work out in favor of consumers," said Kucinich.
Despite the confusion surrounding Issue 2, one thing is sure to continue until election day; ads for and against the measure.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Skydiver rescued after spending hours stuck in tree
hello
DUNSTABLE, Mass. -- A New Hampshire skydiver who was blown off course in Massachusetts has been rescued after spending hours stuck about 70 feet (21 meters) up in a tree.
Dunstable police said late Sunday that Aatif Rathad, of Merrimack, New Hampshire, had been removed from the tree more than two hours after rescue teams were first dispatched.
Don Mayer, the airport manager at Pepperell Skydiving Center, tells WBZ-TV that Rathad is an experienced diver who missed the landing area.
Mayer says Rathad was embarrassed, but not seriously hurt. He says there were five other people who jumped from the same plane.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. – It goes without saying that when you order something custom-made, you expect to receive exactly what you imagine.
However, for Malexa Maeweather, an 18-year-old from Syracuse, New York, a made-to-order prom dress had some unexpected and disastrous results.
According to Seventeen Magazines, Maeweather reached out to a local designer, Kia Wagner, in the hopes that she could create a one-of-a-kind prom dress. Instead, she said she got an absolute dress fail. Even worse, Maeweather didn't get to see the dress until the night before prom.
Maeweather told WGN, “I was so upset and very aggravated. I didn't know what I was going to do.”
It wasn't just Maeweather who was disappointed with the results of the dress. In fact, Maeweather's mother, Dee Lewis, told Seventeen that Wagner never updated her daughter on the progress of the dress, which left the teen in tears when it finally arrived. Having already put down a $100 downpayment for the dress priced at $300, Lewis took to Facebook to express her discontent.
“So Kia Wagner called my daughter Malexa Maeweather THE NIGHT before prom to pick up her dress which she charges $300 for. Are you serious…was I wrong for wanting my DEPOSIT BACK.”
In response to Lewis, Wagner also posted on Facebook stating, “the reason [Lewis] will not get her $100 deposit back is because I was simply following the instructions she agreed and decided to she had a variety of fabric selections to choose from and as well as several of fittings where i asked her numerous of times if this was the look she was going for…”
Nevertheless, with help from her mother and close friends, Maeweather was able to find and purchase a new dress to salvage her prom day.
Lebanon began its first ever exploration for oil and gas this week. An international consortium led by France's Total is to carry out the drilling. Lebanon, which shares the so-called Levant Basin with Israel, Cyprus and Syria, lags far behind Israel and Cyprus in exploring and developing its share of resources. But the deal is not without controversy.
Lebanon did not issue legislation facilitating offshore oil drilling until last year.
“Lebanon has been very much delayed in getting to its first steps of developing its gas,” says Valérie Marcel, an oil specialist with Chatham House.
So it is clear that the relationship between the oil industry and the Lebanese government is not much in favor of the Lebanese government Lebanon starts oil exploration 30/05/2018 - by Jan van der Made Listen
“The bidding process was delayed by political paralysis, the key legislative documents were not approved by the cabinet and it was the object of some political wrangling.
“And then finally things started to fall into place, and now are moving at a good rhythm, a good pace. So I think the intention is really to catch up with Cyprus and to catch up with Israel and not be left behind,” she says.
Israel and Cyprus are also involved in oil exploration in the eastern Mediterranean.
But Lebanon and Israel have a difficult relationship.
The major problem is that Lebanon doesn't recognise Israel as a state, so attempts to solve a territorial dispute in the common coastal area have failed.
A triangular area of about 850 square kilometers is disputed and exactly this area is believed to be potentially rich in oil and gas reserves.
EEZ claims clash
In October 2010 Lebanon sent its Economic Exclusion Zone (EEZ) delineation to the United Nations after an agreement with Cyprus in 2007.
In July 2011 Israel officially adopted its own EEZ after negotiating it with Cyprus, creating an overlapping zone between the two countries' territories of 850 to 870 km², ignoring the Lebanese law.
US attempts to mediate resulted in the “Hoff blue line” proposal, a maritime blue line marking a neutral zone between Israel and Lebanon named after State Department official Frederic Hoff.
But, although the proposal was accepted by Israel, it was rejected by Lebanon.
So Total and the other members of the consortium, the Italian Eni and the Russian Novatek, have decided not to drill in the disputed area.
“Initially, after awarding the contract there was a bit of uncertainty about what the consortium planned for its drilling,” says Marcel, ”whether it would be encroaching on that disputed area.
“But in fact they clarified more recently that they were going to be staying well clear off the disputed area, in that the more interesting prospect in that block were kilometres away.
”So that reduces very much the tensions with Israel."
Is Lebanon ready?
Territorial considerations aside, is Lebanon ready to plunge into the world of oil and gas exploration?
The country does not have its own national petroleum company or other structures needed to enter the energy market.
“The big question is: will the Lebanese be able to establish a national sovereign fund in order to invest the gas money?” says Hilal Kachan, an analyst at the American University of Beirut.
“Given the nature of Lebanon's fragmented political system and its lack of accountability, this seems to be a big challenge."
Another problem is that because reserves have not yet been proved to exist, so the consortium is taking a big risk in investing in the area.
Analysts say that the Production Sharing Agreement between the Lebanese government and the oil companies does not look very good for Beirut, at least on paper.
“In Lebanon you have some criticism, saying the terms are favorable for the oil companies and the country will not earn enough money if there are oil and gas discoveries,” says Francis Perrin, an oil analyst with the OCP Policy Center in Rabat.
“But, of course, the Lebanese government wanted to attract these investors, and we may see that, in fact, there were not a lot of investors. Apart from the consortium comprising Total, which was awarded two offshore blocks, you did not have any other company or consortium which participated in the initial bidding round."
So the Lebanese government is not in a strong position in relation to the oil industry, Perrin believes.
But some Lebanese have high hopes of the deal, speculating that, if oil is found and production starts, it could earn the country to 50 billion euros per year.
That would come in handy for a country of whose economy is under tremendous strain as a result of the refugee crisis caused by the war in next-door Syria.
Cougars fall to tenacious LumberKings
hello
In the road trip opener in Iowa, the Kane County Cougars (26-23, 65-51) could not protect an early two-run advantage, falling by a 5-2 score to the Clinton LumberKings (21-29, 52-65). The Cougars saw Clinton plate five unanswered runs to end the game, halting the Cougars two-game win streak.
After three scoreless innings to start the game, the Cougars plated the game's first run in the away half of the fourth. Facing southpaw Nick Wells (5-9) for the second time this season, Anfernee Grier started the rally with a double. With two outs, Eudy Ramos came up with the big RBI single.
The Cougars furthered their advantage in the sixth. Grier continued his strong effort with a leadoff walk and later stole third for his team-leading 26th steal of the season. With Grier 90-feet away, Ramon Hernandez came up with an RBI single to push the Cougars lead to 2-0.
But the lead did not last long as Clinton tied it up in the home half of the sixth against lefty Mack Lemieux (7-4). With three hits and two walks in the frame, Bryson Brigman singled and a throwing error by shortstop Yan Sanchez on the play allowed lead-runner Johnny Slater to score from first. Brigman then swiped second and scored on a Nick Zammarelli base hit.
Clinton made it five unanswered with a game deciding, three runs seventh against losing righty Cody Clark (0-2). Joe Rizzo's RBI single gave Clinton the lead, and on a throwing error from Clark. Zammarelli capped off the scoring with an RBI knock.
With two scoreless innings, the victory for Clinton goes to left-hander Steven Moyers (1-3). And with save credit, righty Jeffeson Medina (2) closed out the game with a scoreless inning.
On Tuesday, the Cougars play game two of the series from Clinton at 6:30 p.m.. On the bump for the Cougars, right-hander Riley Smith (1-0, 2.15 ERA) duels the LumberKings' righty Ryne Inman (1-2, 8.20 ERA).
Klay Thompson likes to read newspapers. He has been seen reading print on Snapchat, and it has been noted in stories.
For instance, this San Francisco Chronicle story from May:
Before every game, Klay Thompson sits at his locker and reads the newspaper, devouring the sports section, keeping up on current events and skimming through the movie reviews and financial reports. It's a little-known ritual for someone who is much more inquisitive than his public perception would suggest, and that's just the way the Warriors' shooting guard would have preferred it to remain.
On Tuesday, when Thompson went on The Jump, one of the things he talked about was why he reads newspapers. The sharp-shooting guard said:
“I just think, especially my generation, we're on our phones so much, all the time, even me, I'm a bad culprit of it, that my mom actually suggested this to me. She said, ‘Klay, instead of standing at your phone pregame all the time, why don't you get a newspaper or a book and read that before a game, try to take your mind off things.' “I was like, ‘Mom, that's a great idea.' “So I started reading the sports section … I like reading the sports section about high school hoops or college basketball, and just like that old school feel. I like to feel the newspaper, so shoutout to my mom for helping me with my pregame ritual.”
Thompson also talked to Rachel Nichols and The Jump crew about many other things, like his dog, how he'll maybe try to play dominoes with Russell Westbrook before the All-Star Game tips off, and his thoughts on his dad's amazing tweet in response to all the “cupcake” trolling Kevin Durant had to deal with this weekend.
If He's a "cupcake " OKC…I'll take a Dozen to go — Mychal Thompson (@champagnennuts) February 12, 2017
Thompson said that's the only good tweet his dad has ever sent. Ouch.
Ranbir Kapoor-Vaani Kapoor-starrer Shamshera will hit the screens on July 31, 2020. The action entertainer will be directed by Karan Malhotra and produced by Yash Raj Films. Shamshera, also starring Sanjay Dutt as antagonist, is set to go on the floors by the end of this year, according to the production house.
The project marks Ranbir's return to YRF after a gap of nine years. His last project with the banner was "Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year". This will be Vaani's third film with the production house, after her debut "Shuddh Desi Romance" (2013) and "Befikre" (2016). The shooting of the film will wrap by mid 2019.
Ranbir believes Shamshera is quite a departure for him. "Shamshera is not a story of a 'daaku', but a filmbased in the 1800s, it is about a dacoit tribe who are fighting for their right and independence from the British. There was a great story of heroism, a story rooted in our country which actually happened back then," Ranbir told PTI.
"It is a departure from the kind of films I have done, it is not the coming-of-age lover boy roles which I have done often. 'Shamshera' is in the aspirational space, the space of true, badass commercial cinema."
Ranbir also said that the film will have an element of romance as well because Hindi movies are incomplete with a love story, says the actor. "A true blue Hindi film has everything- comedy, action, romance drama. And all these films I am doing are all in that direction, we are trying to have all these factors in it."
Working Capital of $49.6 million as at December 31, 2016
CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - GrowMax Resources Corp. (the "Company" or "GrowMax Resources") (formerly Americas Petrogas Inc.) (TSX VENTURE:GRO) announces that it has filed its 2016 audited consolidated financial statements, including the Auditor's Report thereon, and Management's Discussion and Analysis ("MD&A") relating to its 2016 year-end results. These filings can be accessed on SEDAR's website at www.sedar.com and on the Company's website at www.growmaxcorp.com.
The following Summary of Selected Financial and Operational Highlights have been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements and MD&A. Readers are strongly encouraged to review the entire audited consolidated financial statements, including the Auditor's Report thereon, and MD&A.
All amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise stated.
SUMMARY OF SELECTED FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
December 31, December 31, ($ in thousands) 2016 2015 Cash and cash equivalents $ 42,896 $ 56,671 Working capital(1) $ 49,634 $ 62,594 Year ended December 31 2015 ($ in thousands) 2016 Restated(2) Net income (loss) from continuing operations $ (12,812) $ (2,744) Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax expense $ (8,060) $ (37,714) Net income (loss) for the year $ (20,872) $ (40,458) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding(3) Basic and diluted 217,957,244 231,947,325 Other general and administrative expenses $ (4,276) $ (5,093) Capital expenditures, net $ (10,777) $ (10,032) See notes (1), (2) and (3) further below.
Stephen Keith, President of GrowMax Resources, stated, "In 2016, the Company introduced several initiatives with the objective of focusing on and enhancing the value of its primary mining assets in Peru, lowering its corporate G&A, and realizing value from the sale of its Argentina assets to deliver maximum value to its shareholders. Now that the Company has achieved these initial goals, GrowMax Resources is ready to build out its portfolio of Peruvian potash and phosphate assets. With a new management team, focused operations and a solid balance sheet, GrowMax Resources is poised for an exceptional year of advancing the development of its assets and is now looking forward to taking the necessary steps towards generating operational cash flows in the coming years."
Highlights and Recent Activities
Peru
Early in 2016, the Company's Peruvian subsidiary, Americas Potash Peru S.A. ("APPSA"), acquired the remaining 30% interest in the Bayovar Property. Consequently, APPSA now holds a 100% beneficial interest in the Bayovar Property.
The Company received the results of a Sulfate of Potash Study. The study included capital and operating cost estimates for a pilot facility, including evaporation ponds and a processing plant, for the production of 5,000 tonnes per year of soluble Sulfate of Potash "SOP". For further information, refer to the February 6, 2017 press release entitled "GrowMax Announces Results of Sulfate of Potash Study" .
An "Updated NI 43-101 Mineral Resource Technical Report on the GrowMax Bayóvar Phosphate
Project, Piura Region, Peru" was filed on April 28, 2016 and a further update was filed on SEDAR on August 11, 2016. This latter Mineral Resource estimate update was based on substantially all drill holes drilled by the Company up to June 30, 2016.
Project, Piura Region, Peru" was filed on April 28, 2016 and a further update was filed on SEDAR on August 11, 2016. This latter Mineral Resource estimate update was based on substantially all drill holes drilled by the Company up to June 30, 2016. On September 12, 2016, the Company announced its strategic plans, with additional information related to its strategic plans announced on February 16, 2017. The plan includes advancing the Bayovar phosphate project in Peru and developing plans for early cash flow.
The Company received the results of an independent Preliminary Economic Assessment ("PEA") for its Bayovar 7 phosphate project on the Bayovar Property located in the Sechura Desert, Peru. The results were announced on September 12, 2016 and the PEA report was filed on SEDAR on October 27, 2016. For further information, including applicable disclosures, refer to the September 12, 2016 press release entitled "GrowMax Announces Results of a Preliminary Economic Assessment for Phosphates on Bayovar 7 Concession, Peru".
The Company is continuing to perform tests of collected samples from the Carnallite/Kainite pilot evaporation ponds.
Argentina
On November 10, 2016, the Company accepted an offer from Energy Operations Argentina LLC
(the "EOA"), a private American company, for the sale of all of the issued and outstanding common shares of Energicon, the Company's wholly-owned Argentine subsidiary (the "Transaction"). The Transaction closed on November 24, 2016 (the "Closing"). The terms of the original Share Purchase and Sale Agreement were modified so that the total cash consideration (including contingent consideration) from the Transaction was Cdn$6.9 million (US$5.1 million), of which Cdn$0.1 million (US$0.1 million) was collected by December 31, 2016 and Cdn$2.8 million (US$2.1 million) was included as a receivable in other current assets at December 31, 2016 (Cdn$0.8 million (US$0.6 million) of this receivable has been collected so far in 2017). The remaining Cdn$4.0 million (US$3.0 million) is payable to the Company by EOA only if a hydrocarbon exploitation concession for Vaca Mahuida is issued within one year of the Closing. The Company no longer has any commitments or performance bonds outstanding relating to oil and gas concessions in Argentina.
Corporate
In October 2016, the Company made the necessary filings and received the necessary approvals to make a Normal Course Issuer Bid ("NCIB") to buy back some of its common shares, at its own discretion, commencing on October 24, 2016 and terminating on October 23, 2017 or such earlier date as all shares which are subject to the NCIB are purchased. The NCIB allows the Company to purchase up to 10,796,282 of its Common Shares. Since December 2016 and up to the current date, the Company has repurchased and cancelled a total of 2,000,000 Common Shares pursuant to the NCIB.
Notes:
(1) Working capital is calculated as current assets (December 31, 2016 - $52.4 million; December 31, 2015 - $83.2 million) less current liabilities (December 31, 2016 - $2.8 million; December 31, 2015 - $20.6 million). Working capital is a non-GAAP measure and is calculated as current assets less current liabilities. Working capital is used to assess liquidity and general financial strength. Working capital does not have a standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS. It is unlikely for non-GAAP measures to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Working capital should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than current assets or current liabilities as determined in accordance with IFRS. (2) Restated to reflect discontinued operations. See note 25 of the December 31, 2016 annual consolidated financial statements for further information. (3) See section '1.2 Overall Performance - Share capital and Contributed surplus' in the MD&A for further information about the changes in common shares during the year ended December 31, 2016.
About GrowMax Resources Corp.
GrowMax Resources Corp. (formerly Americas Petrogas Inc.) is a publicly listed Canadian company (Ticker GRO on TSX-V) focused on exploration and development of phosphate and potassium-rich brine resources on its Bayovar Property, which is located in the Sechura Desert in northwestern Peru. The Company's vision is to become a leading producer of phosphate and potash fertilizer products in Peru.
GrowMax Resources owns approximately 92% of GrowMax Agri Corp., a private company that owns 100% of the Bayovar Property, which currently covers approximately 227,000 gross acres. The Indian Farmers Fertiliser Co-operative Limited (IFFCO) and its affiliates own approximately 8% of GrowMax Agri Corp.
Forward Looking Information
Certain statements contained in this Press Release may constitute "forward-looking information" as such term is used in applicable Canadian and US securities laws. Any information or statements contained herein that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events should be viewed as forward-looking information. Such information relate to analyses and other information that are based upon forecasts of future results, estimates of amounts not yet determinable and assumptions of management. Such forward-looking information involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different than those results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.
In particular, statements (express or implied) contained herein or in the Company's MD&A regarding the following should be considered as forward-looking information: the Company's goals, plans, strategy and objectives; enhancing the value of the Company's assets; expected G&A costs and changes in G&A costs; generating operational cash flows and timing thereof; advancing the development of the assets; maximizing value to shareholders; the build out of the potash and phosphates assets; the results of a SOP Study; mineral resource estimates; advancing the Bayovar phosphate project and developing plans for early cash flow; the results of a PEA; testing of Carnallite/Kainite samples; and cash receivable from the purchaser for the sale of Energicon.
In addition, information regarding the reports, studies, reserve estimates and resource estimates should be considered forward-looking statements. In particular, the presence of potash and/or phosphates in samples is not necessarily indicative that potash and/or phosphates are capable of being successfully produced in commercial quantities or at all. There is no assurance reserves will be assigned for potash and/or phosphates. There is no assurance that future wells will be drilled on the Bayovar Property or that if drilled, will be successful. Mineral resources that are not mineral reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability.
Additional forward-looking information is contained in the Company's MD&A, and reference should be made to the additional disclosures of the assumptions, risks and uncertainties relating to such forward-looking information in that document.
There is no assurance that such forward-looking information will prove to be accurate as actual results and future events could vary or differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward looking statements contained in this Press Release. This cautionary statement expressly qualifies the forward-looking statements contained herein and in the MD&A.
Forward‐looking information is based on management's beliefs, expectations, estimates and opinions on the date statements are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking information and whether the beliefs, expectations, estimates and opinions upon which such forward-looking information is based has changed, except as required by applicable law.
NEITHER THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE NOR ITS REGULATION SERVICES PROVIDER (AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN THE POLICIES OF THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE) ACCEPTS RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THE RELEASE.
Chris and Trish Meyer
Chris & Trish Meyer founded Crish Design (formerly known as CyberMotion) in the very earliest days of the desktop motion graphics industry. Their design and animation work has appeared on shows and promos for CBS, NBC, ABC, Fox, HBO, PBS, and TLC; in opening titles for several movies including Cold Mountain and The Talented Mr. Ripley; at trade shows and press events for corporate clients ranging from Apple to Xerox; and in special venues encompassing IMAX, CircleVision, the NBC AstroVision sign in Times Square, and the four-block-long Fremont Street Experience in Las Vegas. They were among the original users of CoSA (now Adobe) After Effects, and have written the numerous books including “Creating Motion Graphics with After Effects” and “After Effects Apprentice” both published by Focal Press. Both Chris and Trish have backgrounds as musicians, and are currently fascinated with exploring fine art and mixed media in addition to their normal commercial design work. They have recently relocated from Los Angeles to the mountains near Albuquerque and Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Farmers who come to sell produce know the groundhogs well. In fact, Petey the groundhog became quite the celebrity last year.
“Last year, we had Petey that we could pet, and he would come right up here,” said Kim Underwood with Underwood Farms. “He was so sweet.”
Sue Goins with Walkers Farm was the first to tame Petey. She would give him various fruits and vegetables and draw him closer to the pavilion bit by bit.
“One day, I just reached up and touched him on his head, and he just kind of looked at me like ‘that's OK,'” Goins said.
The groundhogs live in the bank next to the creek that runs beside South Cumberland Street. It's hard to tell how far the burrows go into the bank, but Goins said groundhogs are a lot like humans when it comes to making a home.
“They have a room for sleeping and a community family room, one to use the bathroom; it's really amazing,” Goins said.
Goins and Underwood estimate there are eight groundhogs living next to the Farmers Market this year. Last year, there were 10. Petey, which was possibly the mother to the babies, did not return this year.
“I actually miss him,” Underwood said. “A lot of people would come to pet him and take pictures and video. We're hoping one of these will let us pet them sometime.”
Groundhogs are shy around humans, but the local farmers are patient, throwing them everything from spaghetti squash to corn to melons and peaches in hopes the little ones will come closer and get comfortable with human contact.
The bravest of the new bunch is named P.J., or Petey Jr. Underwood puts out a peach for him every morning.
“The little baby, now he is getting to where if I don't throw a peach over there in the morning, he'll come about half way and he's like, ‘where's my peach, woman?' so I throw it over there, and he'll go eat it,” Underwood said.
Many feel the groundhogs are part of the Farmers Market community, and city officials direct mowers to leave their creekside habitat alone.
“When the guys come in and cut all that over there, they'll go down with the machine and cut all of that, but they won't cut this over here, because they know the groundhogs live there,” Goins said.
The Farmers Market is open Monday through Saturday throughout the season at 143 S. Maple St. in Lebanon.
Dubai plans face-scanning virtual aquarium tunnel at airport Something fishy is planned for Dubai International Airport. Departing passengers will no longer have to trudge through a security checkpoint — which will be replaced with a virtual aquarium tunnel...
Seafood company hands over rare yellow lobster to aquarium BOSTON — A rare yellow lobster has made its debut at the New England Aquarium, posing for a photo op with fellow oddly colored crustaceans. The lobster was donated to...
Oldest manatee in captivity dies one day after 69th birthday MIAMI — Snooty, the longest living manatee in captivity, died Sunday, a day after a huge party to celebrate his 69th birthday, according to the South Florida Museum. “Snooty was...
TripAdvisor's palling around with PETA irks aquariums File this one under no intended good deed goes unpunished. TripAdvisor, which last fall stopped selling tickets for swimming-with-dolphin attractions after being pressured by PETA, is under the gun again...
Inside the fishy world of NYC's aquarium obsessives Around midnight the auctioneer threw up his hands in dismay. “Tough crowd!” he shouted. “Where are my saltwater people? Unbelievable!” On the block, a stupefied yellow tang — one of...
Here are 4 shops to get you hooked on pet fish Want to dive into creating your own aquarium? The nearest pet shop may be a dubious place to start. Many pet stores deal in fish caught in the wild using...
'World's saddest polar bear' will be reunited with parents — for now The world's saddest polar bear will finally be reunited with his parents after being held captive for 300 days in a mall aquarium in southern China. Unfortunately for the male...
Congress has yet to strike a deal on the Children's Health Insurance Program. We hear what this means for kids in need of medical care. Plus: It's been over 20 years since the federal government fully funded gun violence prevention research. We talk about the impact of this. And how one man is trying to keep the U.S. carnival industry afloat using a controversial migrant worker visa.
Image copyright Getty Images
The UK market continued to recover in early trade as tensions between the US and North Korea eased.
Worries over the war of words between the two countries last week had led to a sharp sell-off on global markets.
But shares recovered some ground on Monday, and as trading got under way on Tuesday the FTSE 100 rose 12.67 points to 7,366.56.
Newly-formed fund manager Standard Life Aberdeen was the biggest riser in the index, up 2.8%.
But shares in Next fell 3.6% after Berenberg cut its rating on the High Street fashion chain to "sell" from "hold".
On the currency markets, the pound fell 0.2% against the dollar to $1.2941 but rose 0.2% against the euro to 1.1023 euros.
Cleveland Police(CLEVELAND) — Authorities are asking for the public's help in a national search for an armed and dangerous killer who allegedly gunned down an elderly man in Cleveland, Ohio, and uploaded the video to Facebook.
The suspect, Steve Stephens, hasn't been seen since the Sunday afternoon shooting in Cleveland.
In the video, which has since been removed from Facebook, Robert Godwin Sr., 74, can be seen raising his hands in an apparent attempt to ward off his attacker before he is shot once in the head.
Stephens claims to have committed multiple homicides, according to police. No additional victims have been found, police said.
“This is what we would consider a national search for Steve,” Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said at a news conference this afternoon. “So we are not going to leave any stone upturned.”
“We have located a lot of people that he's been talking to,” Williams said, adding that “they have been cooperative in the investigation so far.”
Williams said authorities have yet to determine a motive for the shooting. “We've interviewed several people involved, and I don't think there is any rhyme or reason for this happening,” he said.
A reward of up to $50,000 is being offered for information leading to his arrest.
“We don't know where he's at,” Wiliams said at a news conference this morning.
“At this point, he could be a lot of places,” Stephen Anthony, special agent in charge of the FBI's Cleveland division, said this morning. He could be nearby, far away or anywhere in between, Anthony said.
Authorities said detectives did initially make contact with Stephens via cellphone after the incident was posted on Facebook, but they were not able to track him or convince him to turn himself in.
On Sunday night officers searched dozens of locations based on leads “to no avail,” police said.
Police said there is no evidence that Stephens is outside Ohio.
Williams said this afternoon that authorities don't have any reason to believe Stephens is not still driving a white Ford Fusion with temporary tag E363630.
Stephens is a member of the assertive community treatment team at Beech Brook, a mental health organization in northeast Ohio, a spokesperson for his employer said.
Nancy Kortemeyer, vice president of marketing and PR at Beech Brook, “We are doing everything we can to help and help locate him. … We are shocked and horrified.”
Beech Brook said its offices will be closed Monday out of concern for the safety of its employees, clients and visitors.
Joy Lane, who dated Stephens for several years, said in a statement that Stephens is “a nice guy … he is generous with everyone he knows. He was kind and loving to me and my children. This is a very difficult time for me and my family.”
In the video he uploaded to Facebook, Stephens mentions Lane in the moments before the shooting, saying to the victim, “She's the reason why all this about to happen to you.”
In a statement, a Facebook spokesperson called the incident a “horrific crime” and said that the company does “not allow this kind of content on Facebook.”
The spokesperson added that the shooting itself was not broadcast on Facebook Live but was uploaded after the incident took place. The suspect did broadcast another video on Facebook Live at one point, the spokesperson said.
Cleveland police have issued a warrant for Stephens on a charge of aggravated murder.
Stephens doesn't have a criminal record, police said.
Williams said anyone helping hide Stephens will also face charges. Williams said the only way to help Stephens is to give police the information to bring him in peacefully.
“We're not gonna stop until he's in custody,” Williams said.
Local, state and federal law enforcement are involved in the search, said Anthony.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
There are a few furry alternatives to the Super Bowl on Sunday, and Kitten Bowl V will air at 12:00 p.m. on the Hallmark Channel ahead of Puppy Bowl XIV at 3:00 p.m. on Animal Planet. We've shown you the starting lineup of the Puppy Bowl, but here's the first look from the Kitten Bowl.
Medicare launches revamp for heart attacks, hip fractures
hello
FILE - In this April 12, 2016, file photo, Patrick Conway, director of the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation, poses for a photograph in the center's offices in Baltimore County, Md. Heart attacks and broken hips are the cause of much suffering as people grow older, and now Medicare is trying to change the way it pays for treatment to promote better quality and try to contain costs. Associated Press
WASHINGTON -- Heart attacks and broken hips cause a lot of suffering and worry as people grow older.
This year, Medicare wants to start changing how it pays for the treatment of these life-threatening conditions. The goal is to promote quality and contain costs by encouraging doctors, hospitals and rehab centers to coordinate care.
Hospitals and doctors in dozens of communities are already gearing up. Beneficiaries and family members may notice new approaches.
Ninety-eight metro areas will be involved in the cardiac care experiment, and 67 in the hip surgery test.
It's part of a big push under the Obama administration to reinvent Medicare, steering away from paying for services regardless of quality and cost. It's unclear whether the new Trump administration will continue the trend, slow down or even hit pause.
Dayton, Ohio—Lansing's Bradley Jones blasted a pair of three-run home runs as the Lugnuts battled back from an early 7-1 deficit to defeat the Dayton Dragons 13-9 on Monday night at Fifth Third Field. A crowd of 7,410 attended the first game of a three-game series between the two teams.
The loss dropped the Dragons into a first place tie with the Lugnuts in the Midwest League's East Division. Both teams are now 7-4 on the season.
The Dragons enjoyed their biggest first inning of the season as they built a 7-1 lead through one inning. T.J. Friedl tripled to start the inning and eventually scored on Tyler Stephenson's run-scoring single. John Sansone added an RBI single before Brantley Bell delivered a two-run double. With two outs, Michael Beltre blasted a two-run home run, his first of the year, to give the Dragons a six-run lead.
But Lansing battled back, scoring three runs in the second, and after the Dragons added one in the fifth to build their lead to 8-4, Lansing responded with one in the sixth and three in the seventh on Jones' first three-run homer to tie the game at 8-8. In the eighth inning, Vladimir Guerrero Jr. delivered a tie-breaking RBI single to give Lansing a 9-8 lead, and Jones followed with his second three-run home run of the night to make it 12-8. Each team added one run to close out the scoring.
Dragons starting pitcher Tony Santillan worked the first five innings and left the game with an 8-4 lead. Santillan allowed four runs on seven hits with four walks and four strikeouts over his five innings and was not involved in the decision.
It was a rough night for the Dayton bullpen. Lucas Benenati replaced Santillan and allowed one run in the sixth before surrendering three runs in the seventh as Lansing tied the game. Andy Cox worked one and one-third innings, allowing one hit, and was replaced by Ryan Hendrix with a runner at first base and one out in the top of the eighth with the score still tied at 8-8. The runner eventually scored and was charged to Cox, which made him the losing pitcher as he fell to 1-1. Hendrix was charged with four runs in one and two-thirds innings. Overall, the bullpen allowed nine runs in four innings, surrendering three homers. The bullpen's collective earned run average for the year jumped from 2.91 to 4.50 over the course of the night.
Offensively, the Dragons collected eight hits. Tyler Stephenson was 2 for 4 with one RBI. Michael Beltre had a two-run homer and two walks. Taylor Trammell had one hit to extend his hitting streak to seven straight games.
The Dragons (7-4) host Lansing (7-4) in the second game of the series on Tuesday night at 7:00 at Fifth Third Field. Scott Moss (0-1, 6.23) will start for the Dragons against Lansing's Justin Maese (1-1, 4.91).
All Dragons games are broadcast on radio on Fox Sports 980 WONE and on the internet at wone.com. Games are also available on the Dayton Dragons mobile app.
Who run the world? Beyoncé — and her legal team. Last week, Bey's lawyers went after Brooklyn-based beer company Lineup Brewing for their latest tribute ale, titled “Bieryoncé.” Now, she's...
Toluse Olorunnipa, Bloomberg news White House Reporter, discusses President Trump's Tuesday comments about North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, where he changed his rhetoric and called Kim "very honorable." He speaks with Bloomberg's Amy Morris and Peter Barnes on Bloomberg Radio's "Politics, Policy, Power and Law."
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar.
They Are More Than Friends
The Brahmastra co-stars have become a little more than ‘just good friends' at this point. Sources close to Ranbir claim when not working Mr Kapoor chooses to lounge around at Alia's house --- and vice versa.
Ranbir & Alia Are Playing It Safe
They are playing it cool (and safe) and make it a point to send their cars racing back to their respective houses, if they stay back at each other's pad.
Ranbir Used To Follow Same Strategy With Katrina
When Ranbir and Katrina were coming down with Love Fever, they had the same modus operandi. When staying over at each other's house, they would ensure their cars are not seen anywhere in the vicinity.
They Keep Partying With Ayan At His House
Here's another detail --- Ranbir, Alia and their Brahmastra director Ayan Mukerji have been partying almost every other night at Kapoor's residence at Vaastu Apartments, Bandra.
This Is What Ranbir Is Doing To Hide It From The Media
The partying often carries on till an ungodly hour, at which point Ranbir calls for the watchman on shift. He is then requested to check for any prying late-night reporters or photogs who might get pictures of Alia exiting the building.
Ranbir Recently Met Alia At Her House
And then there are times, like last night, when Ranbir chooses to visit Ms Bhatt's swanky Juhu house.
Was Alia Alone?
It's not sure if Alia's Sister was at home or not then --- but yes the duo did sneak in some quiet time together.
Ranbir Went To His House Early Morning
Ranbir reached Alia's house at around 11 pm & left for his Bandra residence at 7 in the morning. Hmm...love is in the air!
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – The dust is beginning to settle on the blockbuster trade that saw the Miami Marlins send reigning National League MVP Giancarlo Stanton to the New York Yankees.
The Marlins officially announced the deal on Monday, and team CEO Derek Jeter addressed the reasons behind it.
Clark Spencer of the Miami Herald chronicled Jeter's quotes on the matter. According to Jeter, Stanton was more than willing to be dealt to a new team.
Derek Jeter said Stanton told Marlins he "wanted to continue his career elsewhere" before the began negotiations with other teams. — clarkspencer (@clarkspencer) December 11, 2017
Stanton likely wanted no part in what will clearly be a massive rebuilding project for Marlins baseball. Reports stemming back to October say that new ownership told Stanton that if he didn't accept a trade, he'd be the only superstar on a stripped-down roster.
Once the process began, it was Stanton who held the leverage thanks to his full no-trade rights. “The decision was ultimately his,” said Jeter, who noted the only three offers on the table were from the Giants, Cardinals, and Yankees. Stanton chose to put on the pinstripes.
As expected, the main objective for trading Stanton is to create financial flexibility, as Marlins ownership continues their quest to cut payroll to around $90 Million.
Jeter said trading Stanton "gives us financial flexibility" and helps build a pipeline of minor league players. — clarkspencer (@clarkspencer) December 11, 2017
In exchange for Stanton, the Marlins receive Yankees infielder Starlin Castro and a pair of minor leaguers; RHP Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers.
Phrases like “financial flexibility” and “pipeline of minor leaguers” are a tough sell for a Marlins fanbase that has watched their team under-spend an under-deliver for the better part of the past 14 seasons. Last decade's Miguel Cabrera trade promised similar results but only ended in disappointment.
In Stanton, Marlins fans finally found their next Cabrera-like hope, only to see him dealt to the Big Apple for financial flexibility. Marlin fans can't help but feel like they aren't allowed to have nice things.
Fan disappointment is something Derek Jeter is not oblivious to, the way his predecessor Jeffrey Loria appeared to be.
Jeter on unpopularity as CEO: "It's been a learning experience. I'm learning, learning a lot about this organization, learning a lot of things that need to be fixed. We're not going to turn this organization around overnight. It's going to take some time." — clarkspencer (@clarkspencer) December 11, 2017
And Jeter's message to fans appears to be a simple one: He needs to tear the Marlins down before he can build them back up.
“Everyone needs to realize, this is an organization that has not been successful,” said Jeter. “So if you haven't been winning, you need to make a change. Fans want a team that's going to win.”
He's correct on fans wanting to win. The difficult part here will be convincing your paying customers that getting rid of the NL MVP is a good way to start that process. The Marlins haven't qualified for the playoffs since winning their second World Series in 2003. For the past 14 years, fans have witnessed fire sales, salary dumps, puzzling manager changes and disappointing results.
Will the results be different this time around? Fans can only hope.
EBS
Conservative MEP Charles Tannock says the detention of dual EU nationals "places a strain" on the bloc's relations with Iran.
Dual nationals are often denied consular access because Iran does not recognise their second nationality, he says.
Belgian Liberal MEP Frédérique Ries says the EU's position in implementing the nuclear deal with Iran gives it "leverage" to get the dual nationals released.
Salman Khan Slams Sushant Singh Rajput for Misbehaving; Here's why | FilmiBeat
Way back in the 90s, Salman Khan was known for his 'infamous' temper and fights. But with time, the actor learnt his lesson and sobered up.
But recently, an incident left the 'Tiger Zinda Hai' actor fuming in anger. Want to know more about it? Read on to know...
Sushant's Tiff With Sooraj Pancholi As per a Filmfare report, Sushant Singh Rajput behaved badly with Salman's protégé Sooraj Pancholi at a party. The News Of This Fight Reached Salman's Ears However things blew out of proportion when the news of Sushant's fight with Sooraj reached the superstar's ears. Salman Reprimanded Sushant The report further suggests that Salman lost his cool when he heard about this incident and immediately called up Sushant to give him a piece of his mind. Sushant Apologized Apparently, Sushant was quite rattled by Salman's rebuke and apologized to him for his bad behaviour, and promised he would never repeat the act again. Salman's Shocking Statement It may be recalled that sometime back there were reports that Salman will be making a film with Sushant and Jacqueline Fernandez under his production banner. When Salman was asked about this at an event, he asked, "Who Sushant?" When told about the actor, he had said, "Sushant Singh Rajput! Why will I make a film with him?"
Hmmm...looks like Salman and Sushant don't share friendly vibes. Ouch!
Mandalay Bay engineer Stephen Schuck (left) and security guard Jesus Campos (right) appear on The Ellen DeGeneres Show. (Mike Rozman/Warner Bros.)
Stephen Paddock unleashed his rampage through two broken windows at the Mandalay Bay hotel (FOX5).
A Las Vegas woman who witnessed the chaos of the mass shooting in Las Vegas said she knew the sounds of gunfire were not firecrackers she saw a man nearby drop to the ground, his "eyes wide open lifeless," according to 1 October documents released Wednesday by Las Vegas Metropolitan Police.
As she crouched down, a massive spraying of bullets rained down and the unidentified woman said she thought the gunfire was coming from helicopters above.
Her account was among those provided by Las Vegas police in a DVD with witness statements and officer reports about last year's mass shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip.
The witness statements also include a 14-page interview with Jesus Campos, three days after the shooting. The interview lasted 15 minutes.
It was made public after a court battle by The Associated Press and other media organizations to obtain public records about the Oct. 1 shooting.
As required by the Nevada Supreme Court, Metro just released 1,234 pages of documents related to #1October.
We are working on reading and uploading online as fast as we can. #LasVegasShooting pic.twitter.com/WsL6QrDwr2 — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 16, 2018
One woman said she climbed a fence and sprinted toward a stage where she saw people taking cover. She had to jump over the dead body of a security guard on her way before crawling under a stage only a few feet high.
From there, she texted her sister-in-law who was watching her kids: "OMG, there are tons of gunshots and people dead everywhere."
Witness' names were blacked out from more than 1,200 pages of reports made public Wednesday by Las Vegas police.
[RELATED: Las Vegas Metro police release 1 October body camera footage]
One woman said she and her boyfriend witnessed a conversation between two suspicious persons prior to the shooting.
This woman, who identifies herself as security for DHS/ TSA, describes overhearing two suspicious women before the shooting.
“These stupid fucking white people they are going to know how it feels they deserve this... woohoo like shooting fish in a barrel” pic.twitter.com/Iw26599M4w — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 17, 2018
Another witness said, just prior to the shooting, he had an encounter with a suspicious man at the bus stop on Las Vegas Blvd and Hacienda. He described the man as "nervous and anxious," continuously looking at the Mandalay Bay. He said the man had bloodshot eyes and was missing three teeth.
"Say a prayer before whats about to happen tonight," the man reportedly said.
Right before the shooting, this witness met a suspicious person with missing teeth at the bus stop.
He was looking at Mandalay Bay, talking about God, and asking questions about the festival.#LasVegasShooting #1October pic.twitter.com/jXMVBn9QSd — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 16, 2018
Police two weeks ago released video from two officers' body-worn cameras showing police blasting through the door of the 32nd-floor hotel suite where authorities say the gunman opened fire from windows and killed himself before officers arrived.
The police department opposed releasing the information, calling the public records request costly and time-consuming.
[RELATED: Las Vegas police release preliminary report on 1 October investigation]
VIEW THE DOCUMENTS HERE:
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Picture of the day
A post shared by Cristiano Ronaldo (@cristiano) on Oct 6, 2017 at 8:58am PDT
Kildare planners are scheduled to issue a decision by today on plans for a development of new houses and a creche in Kildare Town.
Kelland Homes Limited lodged an application with Kildare County Council for plans to construct 33 homes, a retail unit and onsite creche.
The proposed development comprises a mixture of detached houses, terraced houses, apartments and a creche on the Rathbride Road in the town.
There was one submission made to the proposal which stated that the location on a green belt was ‘ill advised'.
GRAY, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Gray Elementary students are getting to know their peers a little bit better.
Every Friday for 40 minutes, fourth graders partner up with special needs students during PE class and show them how to do something different.
Fourth grader Anson Talcott says, “You get together and see what you can do and they can do and you go do that activity.”
Some activities include hula hoops, jump rope or basketball. For some, its an experience they've never had before.
“They're learning new things that's hard for them to learn and by showing them, it's easier for them to learn and get to know how to be able to do,” fourth grader Anna Annis adds.
The fact that students are interacting with students who are not like them, strengthens their social skills.
“They can figure out how to work better with them once they identify that we are all different. They might need to help somebody with something or they might understand that not everybody was born like they were. It just really helps them understand people better and their gifts and abilities,” says physical education teacher Angela Watts.
“Do not double dribble and walking and carrying and all of that,” says Antonio Harvey who is a special needs student.
Harvey is no different than any other student on the basketball courts. Instead of being taught how to play, he is giving other students some pointers.
“You just need to learn how to shoot and make the square and make it go in the circle,” he adds.
Watts says the only thing she sees when she walks in the gym is kids playing together.
“They learn other stuff they didn't know before and it makes me happy,” fourth grader Zipporah Singleton explains.
This is Gray Elementary's fourth year using the Unified PE classes. Jones County High School has the Unified PE program as well and that'll bridge the gap between elementary students as they transition into high school.
Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!
GREENWOOD, Ind. (WISH) – Dozens of Greenwood residents will be forced to move as the city plans to extend a busy road.
Worthsville Road will be expanded as Greenwood takes over some of the property that belongs to Greenwood Estates along the north side of Worthsville Road.
Worthshsville Road will expand at US 31 westward to State Road 135. The expansion will be broken into three phases. The first phase, not set to begin for two more years, is already creating controversy as many families learn they'll have to move.
A safe neighborhood is important to Shelby Donenfeld. She's the mother of three young children. She's also on a budget – so Greenwood Estates is ideal for her family.
“I like living on this road because I don't feel like I'm in a mobile park,” said Donenfeld.
Donenfeld's home is right on Worthsville Road. The first phase of the project will displace up to 30 families; including Donenfeld's. The portion of the project would extend Worthsville Road to Averitt Road.
“We have to either leave it and they'll have to destroy it or do whatever, or we have to pick it up and move it. It being a double, that makes a lot more money than a single wide,” said Donenfeld.
But, Paul Peoni who is an engineer for the City of Greenwood, said moving expenses and the cost of either moving the mobile homes or replacing them would be covered by the city.
“We still have to do appraisals, make the offers to them. There has to be an agreement, of course, that offer, with the residents or property owner and the city,” said Peoni.
If an agreement is not reached, the city will take over the land through the eminent domain process, according to Peoni.
He added, “We can't have that many curb cuts or driveways backing onto an improved roadway like this, which is supposed to be a safety improvement and additional capacity improvements.”
Improvements Donenefeld would rather go without.
“They're making people move. They're making people change their living situation and it shouldn't be that way,” said Donenefeld. “It shouldn't happen.”
The project isn't expected to begin until the spring of 2019 so residents will have about two years to plan. The first phase of the project will cost around $8.3 million, the majority of which will be federally funded.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Twitter's controversial China chief leaves company
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
ESPANOLA, Ont. — Provincial police say they've recovered the body of a missing swimmer at Chutes Provincial Park.
Police say a 28-year-old man was reported missing on Sunday night after failing to resurface while swimming in the park about 30 kilometres west of Espanola, Ont.
The victim has been identified as Talwinder Singh of Lasalle, Que.
An autopsy to determine the cause of death is scheduled for Friday.
Ashutosh Defends Shilpa
When Rocky slammed Shilpa for sharing an adult video on social media, Ashutosh defended his sister, by tweeting, "@JJROCKXX a person who has fallen prey to such disgusting act can only understand. Before being a celeb she is a woman and has every right to raise voice against such acts. SM only promoted her fabricated clip, so if she is using same SM to prove it wrong, then what's harm." - (sic)
Rocky Doesn't Agree With Ashutosh
Rocky replied to Ashutosh, "Mere Bhai @ShindeAshutosh any such act against any woman is absolutely not acceptable n she has all the rights to raise her voice through the right http://channels.As a brother myself my heart goes out for u but we'll just have to agree to disagree here.All the best always!" - (sic)
Shilpa's Brother Slams Media
To this, Shilpa's brother replied, "I disagree to agree here Bhai 🙏 Thanks for your concern though." He also slammed media, "Media didn't think twice before making earlier clip viral and now talking about SM ethics n protocols... Moreover, rather than supporting a female in this courageous act, they even have audacity to say that "Shilpa Shinde promoting Porn" Please do some sensible journalism 🙏." - (sic)
Shilpa Shinde SLAMS Hina Khan & BF Rocky Jaiswal over controversial video | FilmiBeat
He Asks Tweeples To Stop Trolling
He even asked tweeples to stop trolling, "A sincere request to everyone on this platform.. please stop TROLLING 🙏 Express your love for your Idol by sharing your good thoughts about him/her, but not by foul mouthing someone else. That path leads no where but filthy spillovers. Stay happy and keep everyone happy 🙏" - (sic)
Hina Khan Had Supported A Rapper!
One of the user, HerdHUSH shared a link (with snapshot) in which Hina Khan had tweeted a video of her close friend (rapper) and asked her fans to support him (2015 tweet). The video had cuss words (bad language).
HerdHush Tweets
"Mr. Hypocrite @JJROCKXX shows serious concern on @ShindeShilpaS Tweet Where was your Concern When #HinnaKhan was promoting Adult Video of her Friend Dino James which is 1. Full of Abuses. 2. Appreciates Women as Sex Objects. 3. Vilifies Women." - (sic)
Ashutosh Writes
Ashutosh retweeted HerdHUSH's message and wrote, "The msg which @ShindeShilpaS put was loud n clear.. it was a sheer self defense.. am sure everyone will now realize what promotion is and what's not." - (sic)
Shilpa Doesn't Have Time To Hate People
Meanwhile, Shilpa shared a picture with a message, "I don't have time to hate people... who hates me. because i am too busy loving people who love me..." - (sic). Looks like the actress doesn't care for the trolls!
LEBANON, Ohio (WDTN) – The Warren County Sheriff's Office said Monday they are looking for a woman who failed to return to the jail after a court-ordered furlough.
Forty-three-year-old Susan Gilbert, who was being held for failure to appear for child support, was to report to the Warren County Jail Friday at noon but did not show.
Gilbert no faces additional charges of misdemeanor escape in the Lebanon Municipal Court.
Anone who has information about where Gilbert can be found is asked to call law enforcement.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
The US Coast Guard offloaded more than 12 tons of cocaine and 1 ton of marijuana in Florida on Tuesday – a gigantic mound of drugs seized in international waters.
The drugs – which carried a street value of nearly $400 million and were off-loaded in Port Everglades by the crew of the 270-foot Coast Guard Cutter Legare – were the fruits of major busts off the Pacific coast of Mexico, as well as Central and South America.
The massive pile of dope was the result of 17 separate drug smuggling vessel seizures, including five hauls by the Legare that totaled more than 4,500 pounds of cocaine. The Coast Guard Cutter Reliance, meanwhile, was responsible for seizing roughly 2,600 pounds of marijuana in one bust alone. Canadian Naval vessels also assisted in some of the interdictions, officials said.
“What these numbers represent is an increased commitment by the US and international partners to combat transnational criminal networks and promote stability in the Central American region, along the US southern border, and in the southern maritime approaches to the US,” Cmdr. Jonathan Carter, commanding officer of the Legare, said in a statement. “Today's offload sends them a message that our network of partners and allies remains resolute in our commitment to stem the flow of illicit trafficking that breeds instability.”
U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer Third Class Brandon Murray told The Post that the confiscated drugs are usually sent to federal labs for testing, with portions kept as evidence for subsequent trials. The remainder is sent to the Drug Enforcement Administration, which destroys the drugs in a “controlled lab facility,” he said.
Video released Tuesday by Coast Guard officials showed dozens of wooden pallets packed with drugs worth more than $390 million.
Nike announces late last year that it would no longer be supplying its sponsored tour players with clubs and balls. They would be getting out of that side of the business altogether, focusing instead on its core business — apparel.
But while Nike's current stable of pros go in search of new equipment — No Laying Up reported that Rory McIlroy, most recently, is on the verge of employing the use of some Callaway clubs — the company brought in the new year by welcoming World No 1 Jason Day onto its staff.
Springsfest music festival returns to Yellow Springs
Guided by Voices await further instructions. Kevin March, Bob Pollard, Doug Gillard, Mark Shue (l-r), and Bobby Bare, Jr. (front)
by Tim Walker
Summer sun, craft beer, and a lineup of great bands are a combination that can't be beat. And when you take a day filled with all of that, place it in the tiny hamlet of Yellow Springs, call it Springsfest and make it an annual event, crowds of fun-loving people from the surrounding area will surely beat a path to the show—especially when lo-fi rock god veterans Guided By Voices are the event's headliner.
Music festivals, as we all know, sprout up like mushrooms in the summer months in many communities, and the Miami Valley is no exception. There's nothing better than a long day spent out in the heat with some good friends and good music, drinking a nice craft beer or two and patronizing some great vendors selling food—and Yellow Springs native Conor Stratton knows it.
“I'm the founder and director of Springsfest,” says the 26-year-old Stratton when he spoke with the Dayton City Paper recently. “I started the festival three years ago under my company, Great Guys Entertainment. My company got its start during the Dayton Music Festival. We rebranded it the Dayton Music, Art, and Film Festival and directed it for two years, and somewhere in there I decided I really wanted to start a festival that was actually in my hometown, because I'm from Yellow Springs.”
Springsfest has only grown in size and popularity since the day Stratton started it back in 2016. With sponsors such as the Yellow Springs Brewery and the Yellow Springs Chamber of Commerce, Warped Wing Brewing Company, Madtree Brewing Company, Dunphy Real Estate and Wagner Subaru behind the festival, the 2018 Springsfest musical lineup is the strongest yet.
Fresh off the release of their newest album, ‘Space Gun,' Robert Pollard and Guided By Voices headline the festival, with Twin Peaks, Caamp, Counterfeit Madison, Speaking Suns, The Cordial Sins, Teen Age, Adam Remnant, Lori, and Gaptooth Grin rounding out the bill. Kicking off the day's entertainment, Yellow Springs' own Scary Balance takes the stage at 11:30 am with a set of what they refer to as their “queer anarcho-crosby, stills, nash and young” music.
“I took a proposal to the Yellow Springs Brewery that first year,” remembers Stratton, “For basically what the festival would look like, how much it would cost, and I asked them if they would partner with me on it, and they did. So that's how we started.” Since that first year, Stratton says other craft breweries have gotten involved with the festival, with Warped Wing and Madtree signing on as sponsors for this year's event. Other local vendors and food trucks will be on hand for festival-goers as well.
When asked if Springsfest has any specific focus or goal in mind, Conor is quick to answer. “Absolutely yes,” he says. “And this applies to my company, as well. I've been a musician all my life. My vision has always been to create a platform where younger Ohio bands can get paired with some of the best national talent that there is and bring it to us, trying to bring it to those underdog areas that don't always get these kinds of shows. I've always believed it's completely possible—someone's just got to do it. So far, that's been the case. I've spent plenty of years as a professional and touring musician, and I've always admired not just what's going on in the Dayton area, but all of Ohio's talent that can unfortunately go unnoticed sometimes, even though we have tons of really amazing young talent.”
While children 12 and under get free admission to the festival, adults will need to purchase tickets, which are available on the festival's website www.springsfestival.com. Residents of the village of Yellow Springs qualify for discount prices, and no refunds will be available—the event will be held to come rain or come shine.
A perfect day of relaxation, entertainment, good music and good craft beer, Springsfest 2018 promises to be the best yet, and Stratton encourages everyone to come out and enjoy a great day in the sun. “I've always thought craft beer and great music go hand in hand together,” he says, in conclusion. “So we've created something where we're offering the best of both.”
Springsfest 2018 will be held on Saturday. July 7, 2018 at the John Bryan Community Center, 100 Dayton Street in Yellow Springs, Ohio. The event will take place rain or shine. For more information or for tickets, go to www.springsfestival.com.
SARASOTA, Fla. (WFLA) – Two people in Sarasota are facing charges after carfentanil was delivered to a home over the weekend.
Sarasota County Sheriff's Office detectives were contacted by the Department of Homeland Security about a package believed to contain fentanyl being shipped internationally to an address in Sarasota.
The package was intercepted and taken for forensic testing, where a clear bag containing a white, powdery substance tested positive for carfentanil.
The package was delivered to an address in the 4000 block of Proctor Road.
Michael Bennett, 39, and Trisha Steffes, 36, took the package inside while detectives watched.
A search warrant was served minutes later.
Bennett and Steffes admitted to knowing the package contained carfentanil.
More than seven grams of fentanyl were found in a false electrical outlet in the home, as well as other drugs and paraphernalia.
Bennett and Steffes are charged with delivery of carfentanil, possession for fentanyl with intent and possession of paraphernalia.
Both were released over the weekend on bond.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>>BACK TO TOP STORIES
TWO Limerick clubs had to make-do with losing bonus points from their re-arranged Ulster Bank League fixtures on Bank Holiday Monday.
The games were postponed from the start of the month due to the Beast from the East snowstorm.
In Division 1A, Young Munster saw their five-game winning run ended when succumbing 19-21 in a dramatic finish with Dublin University at College Park.
The defeat is a big blow to six-placed Munsters' top four hopes as the Greenfields side now sit four points off the play-off positions with just three rounds of fixtures to come.
Meanwhile, a late converted try saw UL-Bohs suffer a 24-17 defeat at home to second-placed Ballynahinch in their rescheduled Division 1B fixture.
Monday's defeat ended UL-Bohs four-game winning run in the Division. The Red, Red Robins now sit two points clear of Ballymena who occupy the relegation play-off position with three series of series to come.
Munsters led the students 12-3 at half-time at College Park. After falling behind to an early penalty goal, the Limerick side rallied with Ger Slattery getting over for a try which Alan Tynan converted.
Munsters' pulled two scores in front before half-time when Tynan got over for a second try.
However, a try and penalty goal for Dublin University left a single point between the teams in the third quarter, 12-11.
Munsters' regained the initiative when Tynan crossed for his second try of the game which he converted to help the visitors into a 19-11 lead.
The students weren't done yet, however, and a late penalty goal brought them to within five points and losing bonus point range of the Limerick side, 14-19.
And the Dublin students claimed a dramatic victory when striking for a converted try in the final minute to seal a nail-biting 21-19 victory.
Meanwhile, UL-Bohemian trailed high-flying Ballynahinch 7-9 at half-time in their re-arranged tie.
The Annacotty side's first half points came courtesy of a 16th minute Jamie McNamara try which Robbie Bourke converted.
A fourth penalty goal for ‘Hinch shortly after the re-start had the visitors 12-7 to the good.
However, resilient UL-Bohs hit back with a second try at the end of the third quarter, this time from Dara O'Grady, with Bourke again adding the extras for 14-12.
The see-saw nature of the scoring continued, however, when the Ulster side got over for their first try of the game 10 minutes from time to lead 17-14.
Back came UL-Bohs once again and a Robbie Bourke penalty goal hauled the Red, Red Robins level towards the end of normal time.
UL-Bohs looked set to take two points from the game until Ballynahinch struck for a dramatic injury time try which was converted for a 24-17 success.
INDIANAPOLIS, IN--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Scale Computing, the market leader in hyperconverged storage, server and virtualization solutions for midsized companies, today announced that Pinnacle Office Solutions Ltd. has deployed Disaster Recovery as a Service offerings based on Scale's HC3 virtualization platform to expand its portfolio of total business solutions to small and midsized organizations throughout Atlantic Canada.
Founded in 1999 as an office equipment supplier, Pinnacle has grown into a multidivisional company that provides world-class professional services, support, and resources to meet its customers' needs. Its Networks Division provides an array of IT services to help successfully deploy and maintain office equipment and business solutions -- from simple computing devices to complex IT infrastructures. Looking for a solution that it could add to help capture additional and larger customers, Pinnacle partnered with Scale to offer DRaaS solutions.
"Scale's HC3 platform fulfilled the need for us," said Dion Caines, Network Manager at Pinnacle. "We never had a solution that we could offer in an all-in-one package. It was kind of 'pull a vendor here, pull a vendor there' or 'choose a different vendor here' and then hopefully it all works out. But with Scale, it's just, you buy one solution and you're done. Compare that to other vendors -- the HPs or EMCs -- similar solutions would cost a lot more and they are a lot more complex."
Scale Computing's HC3 platform brings storage, servers, virtualization and management together in a single, comprehensive system. With no virtualization software to license and no external storage to buy, HC3 products lower out-of-pocket costs and radically simplify the infrastructure needed to keep applications running. HC3 products make the deployment and management of a highly available and scalable infrastructure as easy to manage as a single server.
Pinnacle can set up per VM continuous replication between an HC3 cluster at a customer site and one at its main office, including failover and failback, to provide easy and reliable DRaaS. HyperCore makes use of its space efficient snapshot technology to replicate data from a customer's site to Pinnacle's data center, tracking and sending only changed blocks.
"By seamlessly integrating all of the components needed for a disaster recovery infrastructure into a single platform, we are able to provide to partners a simple-to-deploy and cost-effective method of adding DRaaS to their service portfolios," said Jeff Ready, CEO and co-founder of Scale Computing. "We are pleased to have the opportunity to work with Pinnacle to make DRaaS a possibility for their customers who may otherwise feel like disaster recovery is too expensive or too difficult to implement. We will continue to support their efforts as they roll out their service to small and midsized organizations throughout their region."
About Scale Computing
Scale Computing integrates storage, servers and virtualization software into an all-in-one appliance-based system that is scalable, self-healing, and as easy to manage as a single server. Using industry standard components, the HC3 appliances install in under an hour, and can be expanded and upgraded with no downtime. High availability insulates the user from any disk or server failure and a unified management capability driven by the patented HyperCore Software™, efficiently integrates all functionality. The result is a data center solution that reduces operational complexity, allows a faster response to business issues, and dramatically reduces costs.
Nobody knows whether Madhuri Dixit & Sanjay Dutt were a couple or not but back in those days, rumours were rife that both of them feel hots for each other and they used to be inseperable. Unfortunately, Sanjay got dragged into legal controversies and Madhuri got married to Sriram Madhav Nene and flew to US. At that time, both have vowed to never work with each other again.
But as the saying goes 'never say never'. Now, the duo is all set to star together in a film, Kalank and reportedly, they will be seen playing a mature couple in the film. The day the official announcement was made, people went crazy as they goy hell excited to see Madhuri & Dutt together one screen.
Many fans are also wondering how did it happen? Well, we've got answers to your questions.
Sanjay Dutt Was Uncomfortable For the uninitiated, Sridevi was assigned to play the role of Madhuri Dixit. But owing to her sudden demise, Karan Johar ropped in Madhuri Dixit on board. Apparently, Madhuri was fine to pair opposite Sanjay. It was the latter who was feeling more uncomfortable in working with his alleged ex-girlfriend.
Karan Convinced Dutt An entertainment portal quoted a source as saying, "Karan Johar reminded Sanjay Dutt that whatever had happened between Dixit and Dutt was in the past, that they are now happily married and with children. Let the past bury itself."
Interesting! "Dutt apparently heard Johar out and finally relented. Kalank will show the couple in a mature relationship. Their track is being done with utmost discretion. No one will be allowed to feel uncomfortable," added the source.
Sanju Biopic: Why Raju Hirani pick these 6 characters of Sanjay Dutt? Know full story | FilmiBeat Will There Be A Chapter Of Madhuri In Sanju? Last year, the grapevine was abuzz with reports of Madhuri asking the Dutt biopic director Rajkumar Hirani to remove all references of the actor from his movie.
When Sanjay Dutt was asked to comment on the same, he told Mid-Day in an interview, "For where I am today, this [the topic of Dutt] has become redundant. Life has come a long way since then. I don't know where these reports are coming from. In any case, it doesn't make a difference to me."
On a lighter note, Kalank also casts Alia Bhatt, Varun Dhawan, Aditya Roy Kapur and Sonakshi Sinha.
Masturbation is fast becoming a sexual normality among youths and adults these days.With all the negative sidetracks of Masturbation such as
Reduced satisfaction in normal sexual intercourse
Can lead to delayed expulsion: a prominent risk factor
Decreased Protein and Calcium content in the body
Causes depression after Masturbation
Can as well lead to erectile dysfunction.
Among several other things, Masturbation has proved, over time, to be a modern evil bedevelling Children, Youth and adults.
Due to the numerous negative effects and side-effects, the current pressure has been to stop masturbation. If you have been trying to stop masturbating, this post is for you;. Now let's see how
INVOLVE YOUR ENERGY IN SOMETHING: Do you loe writing, singimng,or something? Everyone has his or her own hubby. Find yur hubby and exert energy in it.
PLAN A STRATEGY: Everyone has alone times: times when only you and your brain is. Fill up your calendar and free times by doing that contributes to you. Do Exercise, Sing songs, hook up with friends or what have you.
Avoid all forms of enticements: With the current culture on Facebook and most social media networks, It is almost impossible to not see porn and stuff. Regulate and fill u te time for yourporn tv shows and bloxck porn stuffs o social media as often as you see it.
PRAY AND PRAY AGAIN: Not everyone believes in prayer and God but if you do, Pray in anything you believe I and pray.
YOU NEED SOMEONE: If you are old enough to marry, why don't you? You do not need to worry yourself doing irrelevant stuff when the solution is around.
STOP WATCHING PORN: Pornography is most likely the reson for your masturbationm, right? Thhe very first thing to do is select all your porn videos shut your eyes and click delete. Delete bookmarks sex websites and stuff.
Do you lo e these tips? Share it around. High chances are that, someone masturbates around you needs it.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
The shadow of Charles de Gaulle stalks the French election
MIAMI COUNTY — A Troy man plead guilty to several drug related charges in Miami County Common Pleas Court on Wednesday.
Jah Batdorf, 24, waived his rights to a grand jury and pleaded guilty to a bill of information charging him with attempted weapons possession under disability, drug trafficking of Xanax, drug possession — all fourth degree felonies. Batdorf was also charged with first degree misdemeanor OVI, his second offense in less than 10 years.
In a plea agreement with the state, charges were amended down from third-degree offenses. Batdorf also agreed to forfeit a Smith and Wesson gun and $1,623 in cash recovered at the time of his arrest.
Judge Christopher Gee noted the drug possession and drug trafficking charges will merge upon sentencing. Batdorf could be sentenced up to three years in prison and a one to seven year license suspension and other restrictions.
Judge Gee ordered Batdorf to complete a drug and alcohol assessment at the Miami County Recovery Council and observe a curfew as part of his special bond conditions. He also ordered Batdorf not to appear in court in cargo shorts at his next hearing. Batdorf will be sentenced on July 17.
On Feb. 27, Troy Police Department officers arrested Batdorf who was passed out in the driver's seat of a vehicle in the 100 block of Franklin Street around 1:45 a.m. Batdorf allegedly was difficult to wake up and the keys were in the ignition of the vehicle.
Officers conducted a search of the vehicle and found a handgun, pills and other drug paraphernalia.
Batdorf was also recently cited for minor misdemeanor disorderly conduct after he was found laying on the ground in the area of the East Main Street bridge in Piqua on May 26.
In other court news:
On Wednesday, Jacob Miller, 26, of Troy, entered a plea of guilty to fourth-degree felony aggravated assault in Miami County Common Pleas Court.
In a joint agreement, the state dismissed a felony burglary charge in exchange for Miller's guilty plea. Miller waived his right to a grand jury and entered the plea through bill of information.
Miller could face up to 18 months in prison for the incident.
Judge Gee ordered Miller to complete a pre-sentence investigation, observe a curfew, and have no contact with the victim. He also was ordered to not appear in court wearing shorts at his sentencing hearing on July 17.
On April 4, Miller confronted a male subject with a metal pipe, breaking glass doors at the victim's home on Simpson Street, Troy. Miller struck the victim several times, including a hit on the arm as he shielded his head from a potential blow. The incident was sparked over an argument over a female subject who was present at the time of the incident.
http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/05/web1_JahBatdorf.jpg
Ordered not to appear in shorts at next hearing
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The YMCA of the Greater Twin Cities is rolling out the red carpet for teenagers this summer.
Young people in grades nine through 12 will be eligible for a free Summer Membership at 25 YMCAs in western Wisconsin, Rochester and the Twin Cities.
“Only 20 percent of teens are reported to have a job in the summer, 20 percent, which is obviously an issue,” said Matt Kjorstad, executive director of Harold Mezile North Community Y. “When you start to looking at young people of color, you see even a bigger disparity.”
The Y partnered with The Richard M. Schulze Family Foundation to offer more than 6,000 teens free memberships for the summer. Sophomore Serenity Primus was a part of last year's program.
“Everybody was trying to help one another, and there was just so much positivity in that one space that you don't usually get being outside of there, like, because there are so many negative things going on in the world, and so I feel like it was really important to have that space to feel safe,” Primus said.
Statistics show risky behaviors — like violence, drinking and drug use — increase during the summer.
“To be able to have an opportunity to go to the Y for free is really important to all of us, and we did feel really safe in that community,” said sophomore Talia McWright.
“If I wasn't at the Y, I'd be home, you know, eating chips, soda in my couch, every day on my phone,” said sophomore Rohit Koirala. “And I feel like going to the Y and lifting weights and, you know, swimming, running and working on my endurance, I felt like it really pushed me to be a better version of myself.”
Sign up for the free program starts Friday. Each Y has 250 openings. And once they are gone, your name goes on a waiting list.
Eight YMCA's across the metro will also offer free lunch to teens along with the free membership.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Why blind tasting is a barrel of fun
"Picture the scene. A dozen glasses of different, unidentified wines lined up on the table in front of you. No idea of who made them, where they're from, how much they cost. All you have to go on is what your eyes and nose and palate tell you as you swirl, sniff, sip, and scribble tasting notes." Source, Australian Financial Review
Glen Ellyn, DuPage forest preserve nearing deal on McKee lease
hello
Glen Ellyn trustees are expected to ink a lease with the DuPage County Forest Preserve District that would set several deadlines for a private group to restore the McKee House. Daily Herald file photo
Glen Ellyn trustees are expected next month to approve an agreement with the DuPage County Forest Preserve District that could save the historic McKee House from the wrecking ball for at least two years.
Trustees expressed informal support Monday for a proposed deal to lease two attached maintenance buildings at Churchill Woods at a cost of $1 annually for 50 years. The village would use one of the structures to store salt and the other for general storage.
The agreement also would give a private group two years to raise $400,000 toward the restoration of the McKee House. If fundraisers don't meet that deadline, the village would pay to demolish the 81-year-old building -- recently named to a list of the state's most endangered historic places by Landmarks Illinois.
"When I saw the $400,000 goal in two years, my heart stopped momentarily," said Kathy Cornell, a Glen Ellyn Park District commissioner and advocate for local history. "What we're talking about is a major gift fundraising opportunity."
Cornell suggested a restored McKee House could host small private events and summer nature camps with classrooms or labs in a "gorgeous setting" along St. Charles Road.
Cornell, who said she's worked as a professional fundraiser for 20 years, called the restoration timeline ambitious, but "doable."
"But we would want to get started right away," Cornell told trustees. "And one of the advantages of your involvement is that we can now say to people, 'Hey we can actually save this building, and we can make it available to the residents of the community for all kinds of wonderful purposes.'"
Village President Alex Demos said officials are considering whether to allow stakeholders to organize as a group for a certain number of months and then start the clock on the two-year deadline. The village also wants an oversight group to monitor the fundraising progress, review a long-term business plan for the site and report back to trustees.
"I can see there being local, regional or even some national opportunity here for preservation," Demos said.
If the group raised $400,000 in two years and the project moved forward, the forest preserve and village each pledge to contribute $25,000. Preservationists also would get another three years to turn their plans into reality.
At the fifth year, construction would need to be complete and permitted for occupancy. Otherwise, the village would tear down the McKee House.
The building -- first used by the forest preserve district's first superintendent -- has sat vacant since 2002 and fallen into disrepair. A 2013 study commissioned by the forest preserve found the building was structurally sound, but estimated the costs to "stabilize" it at $230,000, a memo to the Glen Ellyn village board reads. Renovations could range from $1.3 million to $2 million, the study found.
Glen Ellyn also plans to annex the property -- now within the village of Lombard -- by April 2019.
A pot-bellied pig. A bunny rabbit. And a turtle!
Those were just three of our guests for today's “Wine with Swine” event. Now you can “hoof it” to this year's celebration to benefit A Critter's Chance, happening Saturday, October 7, 2017 from 5:00 pm – 8:00 pm (VIP ticket holders may arrive at 4:15 pm).
Kelly Thomas, Wine & Swine, tells us more:
Wine with swine is the one night of the year when animal lovers come together to support A Critter's Chance and enjoy time with rescued pigs, appetizers, silent auction and entertainment.
A Critter's Chance strives to be a voice for the animals; to educate the public about animal responsibility and ensure that animals are treated humanely and given a “chance.” To make certain that every available resource is used to find adoptive homes for domestic animals.
To learn more, visit www.acritterschance.com.
Three World Trade Center steakhouse delayed In other “fancy British eatery in glamorous new tower” news, it turns out that the steak-house chain Hawksmoor won't open a restaurant this year at Three World Trade Center after...
McKinsey & Co. is moving its headquarters to World Trade Center Global management-consulting giant McKinsey & Co. is moving its Manhattan headquarters from 55 E. 52d St. to Three World Trade Center, The Post has learned. The deal — kept so...
Port Authority says nearby construction caused Oculus leak Port Authority officials and developers are trying to slip 'n' slide away from blame for water leaks inside Ground Zero's $4 billion transit hub, as legislators called for an investigation...
World Trade Center's $4B transit hub is a lemon After 10 years of baiting the “Calatrasaurus” — architect Santiago Calatrava's years-behind-schedule, billions-of-dollars-over-budget World Trade Center Transportation Hub — I finally visited the belly of the beast. I strolled through...
Here's how NYC's skyline is going to change Give a high-five to the Super Talls — the city's next generation of cloudbusting towers, shown here as a thundering herd. Love them or hate them, the nine giants in...
GroupM snatches another 170K square feet at 3 WTC The New Year got off to a soaring start for Larry Silverstein at 3 World Trade Center. With the clock ticking down on the end of 2015, WPP-owned media agency...
Deals aplenty at One and Three World Trade Center Both Larry Silverstein and Douglas Durst have something to cheer about for the holidays at the World Trade Center. The major GroupM expansion at Silverstein's 3 World Trade we first...
World's oldest book publisher finds a new bookshelf To the 21st-century media legions invading the zone below Chambers Street, add a proud brigade from the 16th century — Cambridge University Press, founded by England's Henry VIII in 1534....
GroupM set to expand WTC lease In a major breakthrough at what was once called “Ground Zero,” advertising/media giant GroupM is set to expand its space at 3 World Trade Center by up to 300,000 square...
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The Smith Center is scheduled to hold a lottery from May 27-29 for the public to win tickets to “Hamilton: An American Musical.”
The Smith Center said the #HAM4HAM Lottery will open at 11 a.m. and 40 orchestra tickets will be sold for every performance for only $10.
Additional lotteries are scheduled to be held two days before each performance, according to The Smiths Center.
The Smith Center said there are rules on how to enter the lottery to win show tickets. The rules are:
To use the official app for HAMILTON for iOS and Android devices.
Patrons can also visit http://hamiltonmusical.com/lottery to register.
The lottery will open at 11:00 a.m. two days before to the scheduled performance date and will close at 9:00 a.m. the day before the performance.
Winner and non-winner notifications will be sent at approximately 11:00 a.m. the day prior to the performance via email and text (if a mobile phone number had been given).
No purchase or payment are necessary to enter or participate.
Each winner may purchase up to 2 tickets.
Only one entry per person, per day. Disposable email addresses will be discarded.
Tickets must be purchased online with a credit card by 4:00 p.m. the day before to the performance using the purchase link and code in a customized notification email.
Tickets that are not claimed by 4:00 p.m. the day before to the performance will be forfeited.
Lottery tickets may be picked up at box office will call beginning 2 hours before the performance with a valid photo ID. Lottery tickets void if resold.
Other rules for the lottery said a person entering must be at least 18-years-old and must have a non-expired photo ID that matches the person's name.
The Smith Center said tickets for “Hamilton” are currently on sale and patrons can check the official “Hamilton” channels for late release seats that may become available at short notice.
"Hamilton" is scheduled to hold performances at Reynolds Hall inside The Smith Center from May 29 to June 24.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The Israeli tech guru who helps start-ups without asking anything in return
With electronic parts manufacturer Orbotech getting bought up by KLA Tencor on Monday for $3.4 billion, Israeli start-ups continue to be sold for staggering sums.
Yet Orbotech's "exit" may only be the fifth largest in Israeli history.
1. For $15.3 billion, autonomous driving firm Mobileye was acquired by Intel in 2017 . That's the largest "exit" ever by an Israeli start-up. As agreed, Mobileye's operations remain in Jerusalem.
2. For $5 billion, video software unit NDS was acquired by Cisco in 2012. (Cisco is now said to be seeking a buyer for the unit.)
8. For $1.1 billion, NeuroDerm -- which develops pharmaceuticals for treating nervous system disorders -- was bought by Mitsubishi Tanabe in 2017.
Last year, Israeli start-ups were sold for a whopping $23 billion in 112 deals, a 19% jump from the previous year, according to the IVC Research Center.
Israeli entrepreneurs have come under criticism for sometimes opting to make a quick exit, as opposed to scaling the company locally and investing in long-term growth opportunities.
7. For $1.3 billion, Waze, the driving navigation app, was scooped up by Google in 2013.
3. For $4.7 billion, at the height of the hi-tech bubble, optics network company Chromatis was bought up by Lucent in 2000. (After the bubble burst in the following next year, Lucent laid-off all Chromatis' employees.)4. For $4.4 billion, social media gaming platform Playtika was bought by Giant Interactive in 2016.5. For $3.4 billion, Orbotech was acquired by KLA Tencor in 2018.
Getting The Boxer's Physique
"He needs to have a particular physique to play the character convincingly and learn the techniques of boxing," the source revealed to DNA.
A New Story In Bollywood!
"Someone had approached Shahid with the story. He liked it and since he was already discussing about collaborating with Raja, Sasha asked the filmmaker if he would want to work on it. And the latter started developing it further," the source summed it up.
Shahid Kapoor's Upcoming Movies
Shahid Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor will soon wrap up Batti Gul Meter Chalu and the film is scheduled to hit the theatres by the end of 2018.
A Unique Storyline!
Batti Gul Meter Chalu has a unique storyline which Bollywood has never seen before. The plot revolves around the shortage of electricity and inaccuracies in the electricity bills.
Shahid Kapoor's Sports Themed Movies!
Shahid Kapoor had previously played the role of a cricketer in Dil Bole Hadippa!, and will now be seen as a boxer in Raja Krishnan Menon's next.
Director's Cut
Raja Krishnan Menon's previous movie Airlift went on to be a hit at the box office and it starred Akshay Kumar and Nimrat Kaur in the lead roles.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India takes stock after first phase of cash crunch
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Gavel (Photo: Stock image)
The Pensacola-based Levin Papantonio law firm won a $140 million judgment on behalf of a Tennessee man who suffered a heart attack after using a "fraudulently marketed" testosterone replacement treatment.
An Illinois federal jury has found that the pharmaceutical company AbbVie Inc. must pay $140 million in punitive damages and $140,000 in compensatory damages to Jeffrey Konrad, a man who suffered a heart attack in 2010 after using Androgel.
Konrad's legal team — which included attorney Troy Rafferty of law firm Levin, Papantonio, Mitchell, Rafferty and Proctor — successfully argued AbbVie misrepresented the safety and efficacy of AndroGel. Rafferty was also part of a legal team that won a $150 million verdict in July on behalf of an Oregon man who also suffered a heart attack after using the product.
More: Levin Papantonio law firm wins $150M medical fraud suit
“Now another jury has condemned the conduct of AbbVie concerning AndroGel," Rafferty said in a statement. "On the heels of the $150 million verdict earlier this year, these two verdicts send a strong message to this company about its conduct and the need to change its behavior.”
AbbVie is facing a number of suits from plaintiffs around the country in connection to the alleged harmful side effects of Androgel. A master complaint consolidating the grievances of numerous plaintiffs claims AbbVie's marketed Androgel to healthy men by painting moodiness, fatigue and declining athleticism — all natural byproducts of the aging process — as an illness that Androgel could treat. Androgel users have instead reported suffering heart attacks, strokes and other illnesses after using the project.
More: Fred Levin's $2 million donation to Boston hospital creates Pensacola medical conference
In additional Rafferty, the legal team representing Konrad included Wes Bowden and Brandon Bogle of Levin, Papantonio, Thomas, Mitchell, Rafferty & Proctor; Dave Buchanan of the Seeger Weiss Law Firm; and Bill Robins and Olga Viner of the Robins Cloud Law Firm.
Thousands more AndroGel cases remain pending as part of a multi-district litigation before Judge Matthew Kennelly in the Northern District of Illinois.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/10/06/levin-papantonio-law-firm-verdict-140-million-abbvie/740131001/
Researchers in a new study said parents need to be better role models by not driving while impaired and the motto of “friends don't let friends drive drunk or high” needs to be practiced more often.
The reason being: one-third of teens who recently graduated from high school admitted to getting into a car with someone who was driving impaired.
But this study asked two additional questions that gave more insight into the driver and the substance. The results showed teens were more likely to drive with someone who was high on marijuana versus someone was drunk or had been drinking.
When asked who was behind the wheel of the car, some teens said they had no idea.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chester FC' s rearranged trip to Eastleigh will take place on Tuesday, October 31 (7.45pm kick-off).
It has been rescheduled for Halloween after the original match was controversially postponed last Saturday .
The new date come just three days after a trip to Maidstone United.
Chester chief executive Mark Maguire said: "Unfortunately - due to the restrictions of the league rules and the unavailability of Eastleigh's pitch next week - this is the only feasible date. We know that this is asking a huge amount of fans with the trip to Maidstone a few days earlier.
"On the plus side, we have had constructive conversations with both Eastleigh FC and the National League and will be looking to at least make a contribution to fans who were left out of pocket and those who travelled on the supporters coach. Once again we ask Chester fans who have been left out of pocket in booking travel to Eastleigh to send their proof of purchases to fans@chesterfc.com.
"Please note that we will do our utmost to represent fans interests but only genuine evidence of loss will be able to be considered. We also have some outstanding claims from the Solihull fixture and ask those who claimed to get back into contact with us so that we can ensure they receive their payments."
Blues players and staff, as well as supporters, many of whom had made a four-hour trip from Chester, were close to the Silverlake Stadium when the original game was called off at 12.40pm, two hours and 20 minutes before kick-off.
Eastleigh blamed the late postponement on a 'sub-soil drainage problem'.
The decision angered Chester manager Marcus Bignot and chief executive Maguire .
It was the Blues' second postponement of the season after their opening day clash at Solihull Moors was called off because of safety concerns around Damson Park.
Chester lost the rearranged match 2-0 . It proved to Jon McCarthy's last game in charge of the club before he was sacked and replaced by Bignot.
MENDOTA HEIGHTS, Minn. (AP) — There's still so much more for Kirk Cousins to learn about his new coaches, teammates and playbook in Minnesota, a mere 2½ months after the newest Vikings quarterback signed his record-setting contract to headline this year's NFL free agency frenzy.
With every full-swing fist pump after a completed pass in these non-contact practices, there's no question that the Vikings acquired a Pro Bowl-level enthusiasm along with Cousins and his skillset.
“I think as a seventh-year player, now you have a little freedom to just be yourself and to not take a back seat and to just be vocal within reason,” Cousins said.
“Be a leader, step up, and let your voice be heard. To their credit, the guys have received it well, and it's been fun to just assimilate myself into the offense and into the program.”
As Cousins was finishing an interview session with the Minnesota media on Wednesday afternoon during a visit to a local middle school, his teammates called him over to complete their interaction with the kids and pose for one last photo.
He dutifully sprinted across the gym so as not to disappoint or, perhaps, take the razzing. He's the face of this franchise, a responsibility he hasn't shied from, but he's also a carefully spoken and image-conscious player who can understand the importance of not overstepping his bounds.
“Anytime you're new to an organization, you feel your way around a little bit. He's doing that some, but he's leading. He's taking charge,” coach Mike Zimmer said amid the pre-teen cacophony in the gym at Friendly Hills Middle School just across the freeway from the team's new headquarters. “He has a lot on his plate right now.”
True to his nature as a relationship builder and a meticulous preparer, Cousins hosted wide receivers Adam Thielen and Stefon Diggs at his Atlanta-area offseason home shortly after he joined the team.
“We did get some stuff on the field, learning what he likes, learning how he likes certain routes run, because every quarterback is a little different,” Thielen said.
“But I think the biggest thing was just learning his personality, how fun he is to be around and his humor and things like that. It was really good to get a jump on that.”
Cousins has also, like it or not, dived right into the extraordinary expectations surrounding the Vikings following their advancement to the NFC championship game last season. The junior-high kids were yet another reminder of this.
“Most of the questions revolved around, ‘Will we go to the Super Bowl?' and ‘Will we make the playoffs?' I just throw it back at them saying, ‘Do you think we will?' and they say, ‘Yes'. They're confident, and that's a good place to start.”
As the Vikings worked through their fifth of nine formal spring practices labeled by NFL parlance as organized team activities, outside linebacker Anthony Barr was back on the field with the team after an absence last week he confirmed was related to his contract status.
Now playing the final season of his rookie contract at a fully guaranteed salary of slightly more than $12.3 million, Barr said he hoped to have a new deal in place before the on-field workouts began. That didn't happen, so he took out an insurance policy to protect his future earnings in case of injury in 2018.
The issue for Barr and his desire for longer-term security is the Vikings also have hefty paydays looming for wide receiver Stefon Diggs and defensive end Danielle Hunter, who are also playing this season on expiring contracts for a team that has plenty of expensive stars.
“My agent is doing a great job, and they're having conversations,” said Barr, who was the team's first-round draft pick in 2014. “I don't know too many details on that. My focus is here with the team and getting better.”
Sounds a little like the quarterback, dealing with his challenge of taking over a championship-chasing team.
“Everything is new, so I'm just continuing to try to get to where the plays and the reads and the terminology are all instinctual without having to think,” Cousins said. “That takes a long time, but every day you can take a step in that process.”
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Image caption The Burnfoot to Buncrana Road (R238) has been closed to traffic
A 50-year-old man has been killed after his motorcycle was involved in a collision with a car in County Donegal.
The man was taken to Altnagelvin Area Hospital, Londonderry, but was pronounced dead a short time later.
The crash happened on the Burnfoot to Buncrana road near Fahan at 17:20 BST on Wednesday.
The driver of the car was not injured in the crash. Gardaí (Irish police) have closed the road as investigations continue.
Golf fans travelling to the Irish Open have been advised to drive to Ballyliffin via Quigley's Point and Carndonagh.
PSNI Insp David Murphy said: "We would expect the road to be reopened tomorrow around midday, after the specialist authorities have investigated the scene of the crash."
OAKLEY — At least four people were displaced from their residences in a duplex Wednesday after a one-alarm fire ripped through it, a fire official said.
The interior to one of the residences in the duplex burned up entirely in the blaze, which happened at the corner of Cypress Road and Rose Avenue, Batallion Chief Ross Macumber of the East Contra Costa County Fire Protection District said. Fire crews were first called to the blaze at 8:30 a.m.
The other half of the duplex received only minor damage and can be salvaged, Macumber said.
Crews had not determined how many people live in the duplex, but Macumber said they believe the number of displaced to be “either four or five residents.”
Residents in the complex told fire crews the fire started near a heater in the residence, and Macumber said there is evidence at the scene that indicates it did begin there.
Nobody was injured.
Dubai-based Access Power has launched a new funding platform for renewable energy projects in Africa and Asia.
The ACF 2018 is the third edition of the platform, which is designed to provide local developers and originators with support, technical experience, expertise and funding to bring renewable energy projects to fruition.
In three years, the ACF has considered a total of 234 projects for the prize, Access said.
Finalists for ACF 2018, which covers Asia for the first time, will be evaluated and scored by an independent panel of industry experts, with the three winners announced in June.
The winners will then enter into direct joint development agreement (JDA) discussions with Access Power.
Interested parties have until 10 May to apply for consideration.
Access Power executive chairman Reda El Chaar said: “By introducing new markets, we hope this will enable us to reach a bigger network of innovative and pioneering entrepreneurs across Africa and Asia with the opportunity to develop their ambitious ideas into tangible projects.”
Image: Pixabay
LEISURE facilities are being upgraded across Wrexham county borough.
Keen gym users, swimmers and exercisers will have noticed a raft of improvements at leisure centres and outdoor pitches in Wrexham.
The changes come as part of £2.7million worth of investment made by Wrexham Council and Freedom Leisure into all four leisure facilities and new 3G pitches across the county borough.
Many of these centres have already had upgrades and there are more improvements on the way.
The final touches are being put to improvements at Waterworld Leisure Centre in the town centre.
Last weekend the gym underwent closure for new flooring to be installed.
The gym will be closed from today until Friday with new equipment to be installed on the site during the week.
While the gym is closed, users could take the opportunity to visit updated facilities at Queensway, Chirk, or Gwyn Evans, all three of which have seen upgrades to their own equipment.
The facility will see an official re-opening event in the autumn.
Also taking shape are the dual use facilities at Ysgol Morgan Llwyd, with a new 3G pitch to be completed soon.
Along with Chirk Leisure and Activity Centre and the Queensway Stadium, Morgan Llwyd is one of three sites across the county borough to have new pitches installed.
Morgan Llwyd is the largest pitch of all three, with £140,000 in investment.
The new pitch will be able to cater for all levels of matches, including adult matches.
Cllr Paul Rogers, lead member for youth services and anti-poverty, with responsibility for leisure, said: “Work on all these facilities is coming on at an excellent pace and the whole set of works has just flown by – it won't be long before a completely new gym is in situ at Waterworld.
“And the soon-to-be complete work at Morgan Llwyd will crown more than £300,000 in investment at dual use sports pitches across the county borough, with work also having taken place at Chirk and Queensway.”
As a society, we promise that education is the key to a better life. But fulfilling that promise requires that institutions of higher education are held accountable, and that there are protections in place to guarantee that education doesn't lead to a lifetime of indebtedness.
Rep. Virginia Foxx, R-Va., the chair of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, introduced a bill last week that fails on all counts, and instead sells out students to corporate interests ready to get rich off taxpayer-backed education dollars. A bill reauthorizing the Higher Education Act should be a real opportunity to help students; this one just makes their lives worse by raising repayment costs for struggling borrowers, letting institutions that scam students off the hook, and narrowing relief for defrauded students.
Foxx's legislation, which pares the six available student loan programs to three (undergraduate, graduate and parental), completely eliminates subsidized loans for undergraduates, which means that students will pay more for their education over time. Currently, students with enough federally-determined financial need can qualify for subsidized Stafford or Perkins loans, in which the federal government pays the interest charged by service providers while the students are in school, which prevents students who qualify from facing more debt after graduation than they borrowed while attending classes.
The forgiveness Rep. Virginia Foxx denies to borrowers in her higher education bill is in abundant supply for proprietary, for-profit colleges.
The bill also fails to increase the maximum Pell Grant award for low-income students, and changes how they are paid out to students who receive them. And, at a time when the student parent population is growing and the cost of childcare continues to be out of reach for many working families and student parents, Foxx's bill does nothing to increase investments to provide on-campus childcare.
Currently, outstanding student debt has reached $1.4 trillion and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has found that there are over 8 million borrowers in default on their student loans. But Foxx's bill eliminates the $0 per month payment for which the lowest income borrowers qualify in certain income-driven repayment plans This change alone would push even more borrowers into default.
It's not the only change that will hurt vulnerable borrowers. According to the National Consumer Law Center, the other changes the bill makes to income-based repayment plans mean that it could take a low-income borrower with just $30,000 in student loan debt an incredible 138 years to repay their student loans.
And beyond those issues, the bill also takes direct aim at those who've committed their careers to public service, by eliminating the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program, which forgives federal loans after 10 years for those who pursue work in emergency services, public education, social work, or other public sector jobs.
But the forgiveness Foxx denies to borrowers is in abundant supply for proprietary, for-profit colleges. The Obama-era “gainful employment” rule denies federal financial aid dollars to schools that consistently leave students worse off. Rep. Foxx's bill eliminates the rule, letting schools continue to use taxpayer dollars no matter how bad the outcomes for their students are.
For-profit colleges leave far too many students worse off than when they started taking out loans and reporting to class.
The bill also rolls back a measure meant to ensure that for-profit schools are worth the tuition they charge. The 90-10 rule requires that for-profit colleges receive at least 10 percent of their revenue from a source other than federal student loans. Instead of making the rule stronger (as student and consumer advocates have been asking for years), Foxx's bill eviscerates this simple protection altogether, paving the way to hand over even more taxpayer money to for-profit institutions with no questions asked.
But perhaps the most insulting part of this terrible legislation is the way it treats students who were defrauded by predatory schools. Two giant for-profit colleges, Corinthian and ITT, have collapsed in the last few years, and both schools faced numerous lawsuits and investigations for misrepresentation of job placement rates and other abuses. A decades-old rule known as borrower defense to repayment dictates that, if your school breaks certain laws, you're entitled to a cancellation of your federal student loans.
Nearly 100,000 former students of Corinthian, ITT and other institutions have pursued this right to cancellation, but the Department of Education continues to sit on their applications. In the meantime, their lives remain on hold, with ruined credit and no job prospects, because employers see Corinthian and ITT as a stain, not a boon, on a resume.
Against this backdrop, Congress should be working to expedite relief; instead, Foxx wants to narrow these former students' options even further. Her bill puts new and senseless limits on this relief by denying any help to scammed students who did not individually apply for a discharge within three years of when the misconduct by the school occurred — not when it's uncovered. Many students don't know until long after graduation (often following a slew of rejections by employers) that their education was worthless, let alone that the schools had even committed misconduct or that they're eligible for loan cancellation. Foxx's legislation makes no allowances for these victims, even as it rolls out the red carpet for the types of schools that commit the sorts of abuses that would make students eligible for relief.
For-profit colleges leave far too many students worse off than when they started taking out loans and reporting to class. Foxx had the power to change that with this bill. Instead she turned her back on students to favor the corporate interests who abuse the federal financial aid system in which taxpayers invest in and on which millions of students rely.
Country music star Lee Brice teamed up with the FOX5 Surprise Squad for a special performance for 1 October survivors. (FOX5)
Country music star Lee Brice teamed up with the FOX5 Surprise Squad and the Academy of Country Music for a special performance for 1 October survivors and first responders.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A Bonanza High School teacher who was arrested for making terroristic threats sent text messages stating she was going to “poke a lot of holes in a lot of people,” according to her arrest report.
The report for Leslie McGourty stated a friend alerted Las Vegas Metro police of her messages and told them she was heading to work at the school on May 16. Officers went to McGourty's home but she wasn't there. Her neighbors told officers she already left for work. Officers contacted Clark County School District police who took her into custody at the school.
[RELATED: Police: Bonanza High School teacher arrested for making terroristic threats]
According to the text messages between McGourty and her friend, she said she will “likely be dead by Sunday morning” and was forming a plan that would “blow everyone's mind.” She said everyone would remember her. When her friend asked, “what was the name of the guy who shot up the Strip?” She responded with, “doesn't matter. I am a woman…I will be remembered.”
McGourty went on to state that she has the “means, motive and brains” and “Vegas will lose its luster after me,” according to the arrest report. She called it “a perfect plan with my favorite song surrounded by a bunch of (expletive) misfits like I am.” Adding, “imagine knowing exactly the moment that you're going to die. I know that your favorite song will be playing. By your favorite band. It's just too perfect.”
She said in a text message that her plan might start a movement, “another me-too movement. But this time in which women feel empowered enough to become serial killers,” according to the report.
In an interview with police, McGourty said she was never going to hurt anyone. She told police she planned on attending the Life of Agony concert on May 19 at the Beauty Bar in downtown Las Vegas. When asked why she was attending the concert and why she sent messages about “poking holes in people” she said she often has those types of conversations with her friend.
Court records showed McGourty was released on bond and is scheduled to appear in court on June 19.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The emblem for the Clark County School District is shown in an undated image. (File/FOX5)
The Clark County School District is less than a week away from choosing its next superintendent, if all goes according to plan.
The CCSD Board of Trustees has narrowed its list of superintendent candidates down to six people.
Dr. Mike Barton, Dr. Eva White and Dr. Jesse Welsh joined previously chosen external national candidates Donald D. Haddad, Shonda Huery Hardman, and Jesus Jara.
All six candidates were scheduled to be publicly re-interviewed Friday morning at the Greer Education Center, 2832 E. Flamingo Road. The board scheduled to make a decision on Wednesday.
If you want to be the superintendent... No cheating on the test! No cell phones allowed during the interview process. I guess students aren't the only ones who try to get an advantage. https://t.co/Z8F38Yuk3O — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) April 27, 2018
Saturday, April 28 at 10 a.m.
(The day after final interviews)
Scheduled public meeting where the candidates can learn more about the finalists.
If you have a question for candidates... Shoot them over to...
superintendentsearch@nv.ccsd.net — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) April 27, 2018
Teachers who attended CCSD's meeting on Wednesday night, just hours before the final interviews, said they want to make sure the board chooses someone who is capable of repairing the broken relationship between teachers and the district. They said morale has been very low, especially since CCSD announced that it would be appealing an arbiter's decision that would require CCSD to give regularly scheduled raises to its teachers.
Robert Cowles, a history teacher at Rancho High School, said he hopes the board chooses one of the three internal candidates. He said he believes they have the best chance of understanding Nevada laws and working with the state to secure more funding.
"I know that sounds almost counter-intuitive. They work for the district that we have problems with," Cowles said. "But they're also three of the people that are known to go out of their way to work with people to find actual solutions for things ... The two top (external) candidates are terrible."
The board decided to expand the search to include internal candidates after choosing multiple finalists from a pool of outsiders.
[RELATED: CCSD Board of Trustees to expand search for superintendent]
The trustees said they hope the candidate can begin his or her duties in June when the current superintendent Pat Skorkowsky plans to retire.
"I'm a pessimist by nature. I've seen what's happened in the past," Cowles said. "Oddly enough, I'm hopeful that they will make a good choice. I've seen that glimmer of hope from this board that I haven't seen in years prior ... I know that they want to do right by all of the employees."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The body of a missing hill walker has been recovered from the Derryveigh mountains in County Donegal.
The man was walking in the Sliabh Sneachta area in County Donegal.
The alarm was raised on Saturday night when he had not returned to his car.
It is understood his body was found at 18:00 BST on Sunday, and rescue teams were stood down at 21:50 BST.
He was originally from England but had a home in Donegal, RTÉ reports.
The Donegal Mountain Rescue Team thanked everyone involved in the search.
Etim Ekpimah, Uyo
The man who was shot alongside the newly sworn in secretary of the Ukanafun Local Government Area, Mr. Ime Atakpa, died in a hospital on Monday, PUNCH Metro has learnt.
READ: Four gunmen kill council secretary
The victim, identified only as Warrior, reportedly died around 8am on Monday.
Our correspondent had reported that Warrior and Ime were on a farm when four gunmen opened fire on them.
While Ime died on the spot, Warrior was rushed to the University of Uyo Teaching Hospital, Uyo.
Ime's widow, Mrs. Imo Atakpa, had told our correspondent that she was in the house with the children when she heard the gunshots.
She said the gunmen turned attention to her and the children after she screamed, adding that they opened fire in their direction.
She said they took cover in a nearby bush.
The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Mr. Chukwu Ikechukwu, had confirmed the incident, saying the gunmen shot the late council secretary in the stomach.
He had said Ime died on the way to the hospital.
On the death of Warrior, Ikechukwu, said he would confirm from the Divisional Police Officer in the area and get back to our correspondent.
He had yet to do so as of press time.
Copyright PUNCH.
All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH.
Contact: editor@punchng.com
12/11/17 – 5:25 A.M.
A weekend fire destroyed a home in Fostoria. Firefighters responded to 615 Maple Street around 5 a.m. Saturday. Interim Fostoria Fire Chief Brian Herbert says it looks like the blaze started in the back porch area of the home.
Herbert says only three men were on duty when the fire began. They called in all off-duty firefighters and the Tiffin Fire Department to help. Water issues didn't help firefighters out either. The closest hydrant to the house did not supply enough water initially.
The home's resident escaped safely with the family dog. Investigators haven't determined the cause of the blaze.
Acres Home, Gulfton, Second Ward, Third Ward and Near North Side will be the first to benefit from Complete Communities.
Mayor Sylvester Turner announced on Monday that five Houston areas will kick off the implementation of his Complete Communities program, which seeks to improve neighborhoods “so that all of Houston's residents and business owners can have access to quality services and amenities”, according to the City of Houston website.
The first five neighborhoods to benefit from the program will be Acres Home, Gulfton, Second Ward, Third Ward and Near North Side.
In his ann0uncement, Turner explained that each of them will have dedicated staff to assist their specific needs, which will include stray animals, trash and weeds problems and others.
“We cannot have areas of haves while others are have-nots', the Mayor said, as he stressed that the Complete Communities program was one of his campaign promises.
Investigators gather near the scene of an opened fire June 14, 2017 in Alexandria, Virginia.
Local politicians offered 'thoughts and prayers' for a congressman and four others shot at Alexandria, Virginia Wednesday morning.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and four others were injured after an armed man opened fire on a congressional baseball practice. One senator, Jeff Flake of Arizona, said the gunman had a lot of ammo and shot indiscriminately across the field.
Compassionate thoughts were offered to Scalise and the other victims from many politicians connected to San Diego.
Former Baywatch star Jeremy Jackson has been jailed over a 2015 incident in which he stabbed a woman.
According to editors at TMZ.com, the 36-year-old was sentenced to 270 days in prison and five years' probation over the 2015 incident, in which a woman accused him of stabbing her with a knife during an argument in a street near her Los Angeles home.
The judge reportedly gave Jackson 109 days credit, meaning he'll have to spend a maximum of 161 days behind bars.
Jackson could have been jailed for up to seven years after being charged with assault with a deadly weapon and criminal threats over the incident, but is said to have taken a plea deal offered.
As part of his sentence, the actor, who played Hobie, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon in the beach based TV series, will also have to attend 52 anger management classes and 52 Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, as well as abstaining from drug use.
If he completes his rehabilitation, a felony charge against Jackson could be downgraded to a misdemeanour, TMZ reported.
With the Tonys, the show with the most producers wins! My crystal ball has a few cracks in it. As some people happily pointed out after Sunday's Tony Awards, I called several categories wrong, including Best Musical and Best Play....
'Gentleman's Guide,' McDonald, Cranston win big at Tonys The murderous romp “A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder” got a lot of love at Sunday night's Tony Awards, nabbing the best new musical trophy on a night that...
Who should -- and who will -- win at the Tony Awards Forget about California Chrome and the Triple Crown: For many New Yorkers, the handicapping race this week is all about the Tonys. Ahead of Sunday's telecast, we balance out who...
Catch up with the best show tunes before the Tony Awards Back in the day, Broadway songs often became million-selling hits that wormed their way into America's subconsciousness (remember “Tonight,” from “West Side Story”?) Now this happens only with songs from...
Tony telecast forecast The Tony telecast is shaping up and the big winner could well be — “After Midnight.” No, it's not going to make off with the award for Best Musical. That,...
'A Gentleman's Guide' leads with 10 Tony nods The musical “A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder,” a comedic romp in which a poor man eliminates the eight heirs ahead of him for a title, nabbed a leading...
Necessity is the mother of invention, to be sure. It also gives birth to urgency, of course, spawning action where there's been complacency and delay. A textbook case of this notion may be the latest round of developments in the world of microgrids — small, highly controllable collections of electric loads and generation resources that can operate independently of the grid in island mode, or interconnectedly with the grid, as needs dictate. While microgrids have been around in ...
Image copyright PA
Accusations that anti-Semitism wasn't being taken seriously enough by Labour are proving politically toxic in two ways.
First, they undermine Labour's "brand" - a party that stands for equal rights and anti-racism.
And secondly, the effort to detoxify the issue has arguably diverted the party's leadership from the forthcoming local election contests.
So it would have been helpful if the Jewish groups had suggested that progress had been made since their demonstration in Parliament Square, which some of Jeremy Corbyn's own MPs joined a month ago.
While they did welcome Mr Corbyn's words on anti-Semitism - and his denunciation of those who said the problem had been invented or exaggerated - their verdict on action, or lack of it, means that the issue remains a potent force in the hands of the Labour leader's internal and external opponents.
Perhaps the most positive interpretation is that there was a disagreement over detail and not a fundamental division in outlook.
That's certainly how sources close to the Labour leadership would like it to be seen.
They say Mr Corbyn agreed in principle to most of what he was being asked to do - but that there were some practical difficulties.
So he said yes to speeding up disciplinary procedures, but no to setting fixed timescales which lawyers might interpret as arbitrary.
He agreed that the long-standing and high profile case of Ken Livingstone (who had suggested Hitler had been Zionist before he went mad) would be "expedited".
But that means being heard by the party's disciplinary body, the National Constitutional Committee, in July. Mr Corbyn, I understand, made clear he had no power to expel him.
So the Jewish groups accused the Labour leadership of hiding behind process.
They'll meet again in July.
But the differing interpretations of the same meeting - Jeremy Corbyn called it "constructive", the Jewish groups "a missed opportunity" - suggest that the rebuilding of trust might be a longer term construction project.
BETHESDA, MD--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Bayshore Networks, the leading provider of cyber protection for industrial infrastructure, announced today that it has named Kevin Senator as VP, Worldwide Sales & Channels. In the newly created position, Senator will report to Michael Dager, Bayshore's CEO. Senator is responsible for revenue performance and go-to-market partnerships.
"Kevin Senator has an outstanding track record in the cybersecurity and networking fields with several high-profile successes to his credit," said Dager. "We are thrilled to have a sales executive with his energy and experience come on board to lead sales and partner efforts at this important stage in the company's rapid growth."
"I'm excited to join the Bayshore team at this pivotal point in the company's growth. Industrial cyber protection is a critically important market with tremendous upside," said Senator. "Building on early customer momentum, Bayshore is now extending its global footprint through direct and partner channels."
About Kevin Senator
Senator brings more than 20 years of experience in software sales leadership, risk and financial analysis, business creation and operational management. His career highlights include successful start-ups, acquisitions and integration of smaller businesses into large companies.
During his nine years as VP Worldwide Sales at Counterpane, a provider of managed security monitoring services, Kevin exponentially increased sales, established a revenue-generating business development program. Following BT's successful acquisition of Counterpane, he ran all of BT's international Managed Security Service Sales and Delivery. Earlier, Kevin was responsible for direct and channels sales of Blue Curve's capacity planning software, culminating in an acquisition by Red Hat.
About Bayshore Networks
Bayshore Networks is the leading provider of industrial cyber protection. The Company's award-winning technology unlocks the power of the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), providing enterprises with unprecedented visibility into their Operational Technology infrastructure while safely and securely protecting ICS systems, industrial applications, networks, machines, and workers from cyber threats. Bayshore's strategic partners include among others Arista, AT&T, BAE, Cisco, Dell, SAP, VMware, and Yokogawa. Bayshore is a privately held company headquartered in Washington, DC and backed by Trident Capital Cybersecurity, Yokogawa, Samsung Next, and BGV Capital. For more information, visit www.bayshorenetworks.com.
Manchester United are on the verge of signing Portuguese forward Bruno Amorim, according to the Daily Mail.
The 19-year-old has impressed during a trial spell with the Red Devils, who are said to be close to agreeing a fee with his current club Oliveirense.
Amorim, a 5ft 5in forward, is not expected to have an immediate role with the first team and will instead link up with United's under-23 squad.
He was scouted regularly by United last season after breaking into the senior team at Oliveirense, who compete in Portugal's second division. He made his professional debut in January 2016.
The youngster has spent time at the Red Devils' Carrington training base this summer and seems to have impressed United's coaching staff.
Amorim is now set to join fellow new arrivals Largie Ramazani and Aliou Badara Traore in United's Under-23 squad this season.
The speedy and skilful attacker can play on either wing.
A Michigan woman who created sexually explicit videos of young children at her home has been sentenced to 30 years in prison.
Anngela Boyle, 27, was sentenced Wednesday, almost a week after her husband, Colin Boyle, was sentenced to 60 years, after the two had pleaded guilty to producing child pornography, Detroit Free Press reported.
The Boyles had taken nude photos and videos of four children, ages one to nine. Anngela had confessed to federal agents that the couple interacted sexually at least four times with a 1-year-old girl and a 3-year-old boy.
One investigator said in 2016 that the case was the “worst” he had come across in 20 years.
“This type of investigation will always rock a community to its core and the gravity of the crime and the helplessness of the victims impacts even seasoned investigators,” Lake Orion Police Chief Jerry Narsh said last year.
An investigation into the Boyles began in 2015 after authorities found evidence that Colin, a registered sex offender, had viewed child porn online, and a subsequent raid of their home found a camera that had a video of a naked 1-year-old girl on it.
In an affidavit, an FBI agent allegedly wrote, “(The wife) explained to law enforcement that child pornography is the only thing that sexually excited Colin Matthew Boyle.”
The couple admitted to the FBI that they sent each other child porn via their cell phones.
Colin's lawyer argued that while her client “admits to being ‘sick,'” he's also a poet who deserves mental health treatment rather than a prison sentence.
The couple was charged with federal pornography crimes and criminal sexual conduct.
Redding man gives children with cancer a day on the sea
Tim Dokter looks forward to weekends. That's when he brightens the world for seriously ill children, even if it's just for a few hours.
The Redding resident takes the children and their families out on a private boat through Valiant Voyages, a nonprofit organization he founded in 2013.
During the rides, captain Roger Lancaster, who who owns the boat, runs the boat while Dokter talks with the parents and children.
“These kids have gone through a lot,” Dokter said. “This gets them away from their treatments and from everything they've been dealing with.”
The program is free to the families.
Ninety percent of the children who take the rides have leukemia or other serious illnesses. Many are undergoing such physically and emotionally taxing treatments as chemotherapy. The children's physicians clear them to be well enough to take the trip.
The boat — named Violet — operates on weekends from April through the end of October. An average of 20 families ride over the summer months.
Violet leaves out of Dodson Boatyard in Stonington and sails on Long Island Sound, past lighthouses and along Fishers Island.
This is a complete volunteer job for Dokter, 68, who accompanies all children on the rides.
While on the boat, the children don't just sit back and look out at the water — they play an active role.
“We encourage them to get involved,” he said. “They learn to sail and we teach them to steer the boat and help put the sails up.”
Violet is a 45-foot wooden boat built in 1911.
“It is a massive sailboat. It has four rooms downstairs,” Dokter said. “It was originally a fishing boat and was adapted to become a sailboat.”
Dokter sets up all the trips himself. Brochures about Valiant Voyages are at the Smilow Cancer Hospital in New Haven and the Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford. Families whose children are receiving treatment there read them and then contact Dokter.
There are times when trips are canceled or rescheduled at the last minute because of bad weather or medical issues the children experience, such as a drop in their blood counts. “We are very flexible,” Dokter said.
Dokter said he has been able to support the organization himself, along with donations from friends. He plans to begin writing grants and contacting corporations in order to keep it going. While there is no cost for the rides themselves, there are costs for the maintenance and upkeep of the boat.
Background on the water
Dokter said he grew up on the water in Lake Michigan, and has been a diver and sailor his entire life.
“I help build boats,” said Dokter, a retired contractor and woodworker.
He also has a medical background. “I was a respiratory therapist after college and I got a chance to work with kids to see what they go through,” he said.
How it all started
Dokter said he knew he wanted to help children and thought he might be able to do so through his love of boating. “I love to teach and I love to sail,” Dokter said. “I contacted Smilow, met with the social workers there, and we set it up and got it going.”
Once he began sending out brochures, the organization picked up speed very quickly.
“It was just an idea I had and it took off,” Dokter said. “I plan to keep it going.”
Making a difference
Dokter said he is often touched by some of the things families tell him while on the boat. “A father will say to me, ‘I haven't seen my daughter smile like this in a long time' — that makes it right there,” he said.
He added that the children, many of whom are shy at first, end up loosening over the course of the ride.
“They open up pretty quickly,” he said, recalling one trip on a sunny day a few summers ago when an 8-year-old girl said to him, “This is the best day I've had since I got sick.”
Valiant Voyages will soon be operating a second boat, out of Charlestown, S.C., which will run most of the year. Dokter will contact area hospitals and clinics to spread the word about his organization.
“I know these kids go through so much,” Dokter said. “I like to put a smile on their faces and give them something to be happy about.”
For more information on Valiant Voyages or to make a donation, visit valiantvoyages.org.
LOS ANGELES — One week after the Thomas Fire exploded from a brush fire to a raging inferno, hundreds of firefighters made some headway Monday in their struggle to contain it.
The blaze is larger than all of New York City and about 20 percent contained as of Monday evening, according to the fire protection agency CAL FIRE.
But it's only one of six major wildfires torching the state, which have destroyed more than 1,000 structures.
As the flames burned in the foothills on the edge of Montecito in Santa Barbara County on Monday evening, some hoped for the best.
Barbara Nimmo said she had lived through massive wildfires, including the Zaca fire that burned more than 240,000 acres in 2007 and one in Romero Canyon more than 40 years ago. She was staying put, she said, even as blaze glowed on the hillside behind her.
“We're from here. We know fires and we feel absolutely dedicated to our clients,” said Nimmo, an estate manager for several mansions in the affluent Montecito area. “I'm just devastated overall. This is the worst I've seen.”
In just two months, Dr. Antonio Wong lost two houses in two separate California wildfires.
The anesthesiologist, his wife and his son escaped their Santa Rosa home before a wildfire engulfed it in October.
Weeks after Wong sifted through the charred remnants of that house, he learned that his other home in Ventura — which he was renting out to members of the military — burned down last week.
While those tenants are safe, “it was pretty devastating,” Wong said from Santa Rosa on Monday.
“I still haven't processed the fire down there (in Ventura). I have so much to do to rebuild my house here (that) the thought of trying to rebuild a house down there at the same time is overwhelming. I don't know what I'm going to do.”
At more than 230,000 acres in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, the Thomas Fire is now the fifth largest wildfire in modern California history.
Some 93,243 people were under mandatory evacuation orders in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties Monday afternoon, Thomas County fire officials said.
The death toll from the Thomas Fire stands at one. Authorities believe Virginia Pesola, 70, of Santa Paula, died in a crash while fleeing the fire. Her body was found Wednesday.
© CAPA
Test your knowledge of the global aircraft fleet with this CAPA Quiz. If you have access to the comprehensive CAPA Fleet Database, it should be a breeeeze. Rank your result: 15/15 = Outstanding! – you should set up your very own aircraft leasing company.
13-14/15 = Excellent – your colleagues should say the word ‘wiki…' in front of your first name around the office.
10-12/15 = Very good – someone should shout you several drinks at the next air finance gathering.
9 or below/15 = Time to brush up – you need to sign up for CAPA's Fleet Database immediately. Visit http://capaevents.com/AFFS17 for the answers
Senior finance and strategic executives from more than 35 airlines are coming to the CAPA Airline Fleet & Finance Summit, Singapore, 2/3 March, all looking for new sources of finance and advice.
So, you really need to be there. To avoid missing out, please email: events@centreforaviation.com for more information.
The CAPA Airline Fleet Quiz 2017
Q1: What was Airbus' biggest region for receiving leased aircraft last year?
Q2: Which region received the most leased Boeing aircraft?
Q3: Which manufacturer has the highest number of in-service commercial regional passenger jets?
Q4: Which airline group took the most Airbus deliveries last year, globally?
Q5: Which airline group had the most Boeing deliveries in 2016?
Q6: Which region has the highest number of in service commercial regional jets in passenger service?
Q7: Name Boeing's new aircraft variant to fly for the first time in 2016. (And for HUGE bragging points around the office: name the aircraft serial number!)
Q8: What aircraft type did Airbus roll out for the first time in 2016. (And for immeasurably large bragging points around the office, name the second Airbus type to roll out last year)
Q9: Which airline group has undertaken the most Sharklet retrofits?
Q10: In which month did Airbus set a delivery record?
Q11: Which is the oldest Boeing passenger aircraft in service presently?
Q12: How many 747 Freighters were in service in December 2016?
Q13: How many airlines offer Premium Economy on 737-800 equipment?
Q14: Which airline is achieving the lowest 787 utilisation? And the highest?
Q15: What changes have AirAsia Group made to their 2017 fleet plan?
Visit http://capaevents.com/AFFS17 for the answers - but first see how well you can do without looking, if you dare.
Bonus Question and Answer!
Q: How many aircraft do airlines attending the CAPA Airline Fleet & Finance Summit (SIN, 2/3 March) have on order?
A: 1,582.
The latest airline executive to confirm speaking at the CAPA Airline Fleet & Finance Summit, at Capella Sentosa - Singapore, 2/3 March is AirAsia's Group Head of Strategy, Ms Subashini Silvadas.
Also confirmed are executives from Malaysia Airlines (CEO), Finnair (CFO), Pakistan International Airlines (Acting CEO), Cebu Pacific (CEA) and dozens more. See the full line-up here.
All these airlines coming to the CAPA Airline Fleet & Finance Summit are looking for new sources of finance and advice. So, you really should be there! We have a handful of passes at the Ultra Early Bird we can offer on a first-in, first-served basis. So don't miss out and email: events@centreforaviation.com if you're interested.
If you'd like more information about the CAPA Fleets Database powering this quiz, email Jessica Deng (Head of Global Accounts & Sales): jdeng@centreforaviation.com – and get a free trial today.
Want more analysis like this? CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Find out more and take a free trial.
When Rihanna first launched her singing career, she may have dreamed about landing the kind of fame and fortune that would allow her to buy a Picasso. But pop star...
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said she left her previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said she was upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. -- Starting Monday consumers will now see more security surrounding some stores in Independence.
A new city ordinance requires tobacco and convenience stores to do more to protect their business. Now certain businesses such as tobacco and convenience stores, are required to have a total of 4 working cameras inside and outside the store operating around the clock.
Police say these types of businesses see a lot of crime, and they hope the new ordinance will slow down the number of robberies and make it easier to catch the criminals.
Independence City Council passed the ordinance more than a year ago, but it just went into effect on Sunday.
Businesses will now be required to keep the video for at least 30 days.
The owner of Discount Smokes says it's a costly upgrade, but the investment is well worth it.
"If some bad person comes in he would think two times or five times before he does something bad to the store or to us," Sadiq Lakhani said.
The City Council has granted a 60-day grace period so businesses that need the time to adhere to the ordinance will have it.
Our weekly trek of Ulster's best walks continues with a jaunt to Fermanagh and then a leisurely stroll on 5.6-mile, circular Red Trail at Florence Court Forest Park.
Starting from the visitor centre, take the bridge and turn left. Follow the trail and bear right, passing the Lady's Well on your right.
Take a minute to visit the Florence Court yew tree ahead of you before returning and taking the red trail to the left, crossing a wide bridge. Follow the Claddagh River upstream along the Riverside Walk, crossing part-way at a small footbridge. The Florence Court yew, taxus baccata ‘fastigiata', is reported to be the “mother” of all Irish yew trees. It was one of a pair discovered on Cuilcagh Mountain in 1740 by local farmer George Willis. He presented one to William Cole, First Earl of Enniskillen, to be planted on the estate. This specific type of yew can only be propagated by cutting and has had hundreds over the years, which gives it a very distinguished appearance.
Follow the path to the right and after about 200m take a left turn, facing the steepest climb on the red trail. At the top of the winding climb you'll reach the viewpoint. You can choose to extend your walk onto the Ulster or Cuilcagh way from this point, or turn right and continue to follow the red trail past the Kennel Field.
From the top of the viewpoint on a clear day you should be able to see across much of Fermanagh, including Upper Lough McNean, Belomore mountain, Enniskillen town, Brougher Mountain, parts of Upper Lough Erne and Knockninny.
Finishing your descent and crossing the Eel house bridge, you are now back onto the main estate. To finish your walk early, continue straight on past the Sawmill to pass the rear of the house. To continue on, take a left after the bridge to walk a partial loop around the Killymanamly path, which will bring you to the top of the path to the Walled Garden. Take this path to your left to finish the trail and return to the visitor centre.
Your descent from the Red Trail will pass the historic deer park on the right-hand side. You might be able to catch a glimpse of the ha-ha wall that still stands. What is a ha-ha wall? The sunken ditch, or ha-ha — named for the surprise a person got on suddenly coming across it — has one sloping side and a stone- or brick-faced wall; in a more basic construction, allowing an uninterrupted view from the garden while not sacrificing security, particularly against roving livestock.
Visit WalkNI.com for more information on this walk and over 270 other quality walks across Northern Ireland including route descriptions, maps, transport and facility information.
RESPONSIBLE WALKING:
Please remember to practice the principles of 'Leave No Trace' when enjoying the outdoors in order to minimise your impact on the environment.
For more information, visit www.leavenotraceireland.org
IMPORTANT: Every care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the information. However, neither WalkNI.com nor Johnston Press NI can accept responsibility for errors or omissions. Where such are brought to our attention, information for future publications will be amended accordingly.
VANCOUVER — Former British Columbia premier Christy Clark is joining the Bennett Jones law firm as a senior adviser in its Vancouver office.
The firm says Clark will join its government affairs and public policy team, which also counts former deputy prime minister Anne McLellan and former foreign minister John Baird as members.
Bennett Jones CEO Hugh MacKinnon says in a statement that Clark's focus on economic growth through trade fits in well with the interests of the firm's clients.
Clark resigned as B.C. premier last summer, having served in the role since 2011, after the provincial New Democrats formed a minority government with the support of the Green party.
Bennett Jones is a Canadian firm with more than 380 lawyers and business advisors in nine offices.
If you need one face to tell you the entire story of Sunday's crucial Boston Red Sox win over the New York Yankees, here it is.
It belongs to a Yankees fan who was pumped to see the Pinstripes two outs away from a big victory over the AL East-leading Sox to pull them within 3.5 games. He put his cell phone on selfie mode as Aroldis Chapman prepared to throw to Rafael Devers … and we got to witness his devastation as Devers knocked a dinger over the wall to tie it up in an eventual extra-innings victory:
Sneak peak to tonights reaction. #Chapman vs devers 2 strikes 1 out.. the stadium as electric as its been all year until….#yankees #RedSox pic.twitter.com/DEy83luDNN — Joezmcfly (@JoezMcfLy) August 14, 2017
And here it is again, with footage of the home run spliced in:
Oof. We now go to Bart Simpson for comment:
TAMPA — Dellin Betances plans to attend his arbitration hearing in St. Petersburg, Fla., on Friday. Until the hearing is completed, the three-time All Star reliever won't be in camp.
According to the collective bargaining agreement, players don't have to be in camp until Feb. 22, meaning any activity before is on a volunteer basis. It is commonplace for players to stay away from camp to avoid injury while awaiting arbitration hearings, and the reliever wasn't on hand Tuesday as pitchers and catchers reported for spring training.
Betances has filed for $5 million and the Yankees turned in a $3 million request. Betances was renewed at $507,500 last year.
Because it's Betances' first trip through the process and he fully believes his filing number was fair considering what he has done the past three seasons, a negative outcome could affect Betances, who will turn 29 next month.
“If I feel that it does affect him I will talk to him. Obviously, this is part of the game that somewhat becomes public and can become frustrating for both sides,'' manager Joe Girardi said of his eighth-inning reliever. “But you have to be able to move on. When you sign up for this game, it becomes not only a game that you love and fight to do everything you can to win but it's also a business.
“Once he gets through his arbitration case, we are going to have to put that business behind and focus on the games. Sometimes it takes a little bit of time and sometimes there can be hard feelings, but that is something we have to deal with.''
Clermont took out their frustration over the chaotic postponement of their Champions Cup clash at Allianz Park by inflicting a record 46-14 defeat on holders Saracens.
Kick-off was delayed by 26 hours to Monday due to adverse weather conditions, resulting in a furious statement from the French giants who claimed their fans had been treated "as if they were toys" in a "completely absurd" process.
Also tucked away in the lengthy attack on Champions Cup organisers was a vow to take out their frustration on Saracens and this they did in sensational fashion led by their marauding Fijian wing Alivereti Raka.
THAT IS INCREDIBLE! RAKA IS ON 🔥🔥🔥
Have we just seen the try of the season!?
What a bit of rugby we are seeing. Join us on BT Sport 1 HD & 4K UHD. pic.twitter.com/Ng7ZDPsihp — BT Sport Rugby (@btsportrugby) December 11, 2017
Raka wrapped-up his hat-trick inside the opening 25 minutes to capitalise on a feeble defensive display from a team that missed a total of 37 tackles to crash to a sixth successive defeat.
Saracens' last loss in Europe was against Clermont in the 2015 semi-finals, a run spanning 20 matches, and an alarming night in north London produced possibly the most humiliating experience in continental action.
It was their greatest losing margin in the competition and also marked their highest number of points conceded as they surrendered first place in Pool Two.
Raka ran in the second fastest hat-trick in Europe that began when he powered through Jamie George to touch down in the 13th minute.
Wesley Fofana, Fritz Lee and Scott Spedding burst through the home defence with ease as the prelude to Raka plundering his second try, burrowing over from close range while riding a tackle from George.
By the time Raka completed his hat-trick, Saracens had missed a startling 16 tackles and the Fijian's third made for the grimmest viewing of all.
Scrum-half Morgan Parra ran flat on to line-out ball and having sped through the first line of black shirts, he found the supporting left wing for a try that was scored far too easily.
Saracens replied with a penalty try awarded from a line-out drive, but when Parra added to his three conversions with a penalty they trailed 24-7 and faced a mountain to climb having proved unable to capitalise on Lee's sin-binning.
Raka's spellbinding evening continued five minutes after half-time as he set off from inside his own half, evading four tackles before finally being caught, but he was still able to sling the scoring pass to Flip van der Merwe.
Failed tackles continued to haunt Saracens and this time Juan Figallo and Jackson Wray were at fault as Fofana skipped over for the visitors' fifth before Parra broke the 40-point mark with a penalty.
George Kruis touched down, side-stepping his way over, but Saracens' nightmare continued when Isaia Toeava helped himself to a simple run-in.
Some gaming was temporarily disabled at Fiesta Casino in Henderson, according to a floor manager.
The manager said they had been having issues with their surveillance cameras starting at about 3:15 p.m. Tuesday.
Some slot machines there read "Play Disabled. Call Attendant. EGM Out of Service."
A spokesperson with Fiesta Casino said there was a short outage that impacted a portion of the property but everything was back up and running as of 6:00 p.m.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of his parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in his city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," he said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
Support group for widows offers companionship in Kokomo
hello
KOKOMO, Ind. -- When a spouse passes away, it can be difficult to sit down at a dining room table night after night, meal after meal. That's why Mental Health America offers a group for women who have lost their husbands.
The Widow to Widow support group consists of both new and seasoned members who just want some company when they sit down to eat or play cards.
The group meets a few times a week - Tuesdays and Saturdays, and some of the members gather on Sundays as well. They visit different restaurants and play card games together and provide each other with companionship.
When Thelma Roe's husband passed away recently, she got into the habit of sitting down at her table to eat by herself, and it got old pretty quick.
"(My husband) passed away in January, and then it was about June and I was thinking 'Is this the way it's going to be?'" Roe said, adding that she knew it was time to find a group to connect with.
Members aren't expected to talk about their spouses passing away, though Rosemary Griffis, president of the group, said the women are welcome to talk about their situation if they'd like to.
The group has existed for almost 30 years, said Cindy Campbell, administrative assistant for Mental Health America of Howard County.
Mari Lynda Bennett joined the group in the early 1990s, and she's been attending ever since. During that time, she's seen the group change in several ways; she's seen members pass away and she's seen new members join.
The group used to go on out-of-town trips, but any more they tend to stay in Kokomo. They still try to plan a few outings every year, and they always try to do something special for Christmas.
Like many, Mari Lynda first heard about the group through the newspaper. She is considered the Sunshine Lady of the group, sending out cards to everyone on their birthdays. She said she doesn't usually go out to lunch with the group on Tuesdays, but she almost always attends for cards on Saturdays.
The newest member, Joan Grover, found out about the group through her neighbor, Doris Harvey, who is also a member. Grover joined about a month ago, and she said she loves it so far.
"I thought she would be a great person for our group," Harvey said. "She's friendly and outgoing, so I asked her one day if she'd like to go out with us, and she said sure. And I'm glad she did."
"I'm glad I did, too," Grover said. "The ladies were just very sweet and very welcoming. They made me feel welcomed and happy. They're a great group."
Campbell said Mental Health America of Howard County would consider starting a group for widowers, depending on the interest from men in the community.
___
Source: Kokomo Tribune
___
Information from: Kokomo Tribune, http://www.ktonline.com
Looking for a leg up in your IT career? IT certifications remain a proven way to quickly gain valuable skills and demonstrate deeper interest and know-how in a domain that will further your career.
In IT, experience is king. Yet IT certifications remain a valuable tool for advancing your career. IT certifications give junior-level workers an opportunity to gain more resume-worthy experience in the IT industry. For tenured employees, certifications help you continually grow and adapt your skillset to fit the changing landscape of IT. Because there are an overwhelming number of IT certifications offered today, it's important to do your research – some are more valuable than others.
In its 2017 Salary Guide, Robert Half Technologies reports data on the most valuable IT certifications across multiple areas of technology. The following 12 IT certifications have emerged as the most valuable IT certifications to help you get a leg up in a new job, increase your salary, boost your chances of gaining a more senior-level position or demonstrate knowledge and interest when making a career change.
Tip: You'll find a must-have utility for your IT certification toolbox at GoCertify. The Certification Advisor allows you to plug in your area of expertise, skill level, career goals and more to generate a list of recommended certifications to pursue.
[ Get ahead with the top certs for big data, project management, agile, and the cloud. | Get weekly career tips by signing up for our CIO Leader newsletter. ]
Microsoft certifications
Microsoft has three valuable certifications that address server, desktop, applications, database and developer skillsets. You can obtain different levels of certification, starting with associate and going up to master. Microsoft organizes its certification by technology specialties, with programs dedicated to mobility, cloud, productivity, data, app development and business application development.
1. Microsoft Office Specialist (MOS)
IT professionals with MOS certification are skilled in the Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access, SharePoint, OneNote and Exchange. MOS certifications are most popular with office managers, executive assistants and other administrative workers, but John Reed, senior executive director of Robert Half Technology, says they're also valuable if you work in cloud computing or technical support.
Certifications can boost your salary, but the percentage will depend on your current job title and seniority. According to data from PayScale, the average salary for MOS certification ranges from $45,000 and goes up to $65,000.
2. Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE)
A MCSE certification is best suited for anyone working with servers, private cloud networks, enterprise networking, data systems, enterprise devices, business applications or storage. There are multiple sub-categories to choose from, including business applications, cloud platform and infrastructure, data management and analytics, mobility and productivity.
MCSE certification is popular with IT managers, directors, system administrators, systems engineers and network administrators. According to data from PayScale, the average salary for MCSE certification ranges from $50,000 to $145,000.
3. Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer (MCSD)
Microsoft promises that the MCSD certification will help you “get hired, demonstrate clear business impact and advance your skills.” This certification focuses on building apps designed specifically for Windows products – a skill that will be especially valuable at companies creating customized in-house applications.
The most common job titles associated with an MCSD certification are software engineer, architect, developer and programmer. PayScale reports that, depending on your job title, the average salaries for MCSD certification start at $50,000 and go up to $150,000 per year.
ISACA certifications
The ISACA was originally founded in 1967 as the Information Systems Audit and Control Association, but now goes by the acronym to acknowledge the “broad range of IT governance professionals” the organization serves.
4. Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA)
The ISACA describes the CISA certification as a “globally recognized certification for IS audit control.” It focuses on demonstrating your capabilities in every stage of the auditing process, your ability to report on compliance procedures and how well you can assess vulnerabilities.
CISA certifications are commonly associated with IT auditing roles, including senior information technology auditor, information security manager and security analyst. Data from PayScale shows that the average salary for CISA certification starts at $48,000 and goes up to $171,000 per year.
5. Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)
To obtain a CISM certification, you need at least “5 years of information security experience and three years as a security manager,” says Reed. The certification is specifically tailored for workers responsible for building, designing and managing enterprise security initiatives.
CISM certifications are best suited for IT security professionals, such as information security managers, security offices, security analysts, CIOs and IT security architects. According to PayScale, depending on your job title, salary for CISM certification ranges from $59,000 to $225,000 per year.
6. Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC)
The ISACA touts the CRISC certification as the “only certification that prepares and enables IT professionals for the unique challenges of IT and enterprise risk management, and positions them to become strategic partners to the enterprise.” This information security certification demonstrates your abilities in risk management, assessment, mitigation, response, monitoring and reporting.
CRISC certification is best suited for IT auditors, CIOs, information security officers, systems audit managers and security managers. PayScale data shows that the average salary for CRISC certification can range from $93,000 to $181,00 per year, depending on your job title.
7. Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT (CGEIT)
Holding a CGEIT certification shows employers you're skilled in valuable governance knowledge. The importance of IT only grows as technology dominates the enterprise, so businesses want to hire someone who can manage the intricacies of compliance. Reed notes that this is one of the “most sought-after certifications in IT, commanding among the highest salaries.”
CGEIT certification is more common for upper-level and senior-level employees including vice president of IT, IT director, IT security manager and CIO. PayScale data shows that the average salary for CGEIT certification range from $127,000 to $140,000 per year.
Cloud computing
Cloud computing has emerged as a crucial platform for modern businesses to store and manage massive amounts of data, and to host applications and infrastructure. As a result, cloud computing skills and certifications can help advance your career and, with the right certification, even increase your salary.
8. MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure
Microsoft's MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure certification is a sub-category of the generalized MCSE certification listed above. This certification focuses solely on Microsoft's cloud technologies, which includes areas like storage, networking, virtualization and systems and identity management, says Reed.
MCSE certification is most valuable for IT managers, directors, systems administrators, system engineers and network administrators. PayScale data shows that the average salary for MCSE certification ranges from $47,000 to $145,000 per year.
9. VCP6 – DCV
VMWare's latest VCP certification, VCP6 – DCV, specifically targets skills to troubleshoot vSphere V6 infrastructures. VMWare cites it as one of its most popular certifications, globally. To obtain this certification you must first be VCP certified, which is the base level of VMWare's certification program.
VCP certification is best suited for systems administrators, IT managers and systems engineers. PayScale data shows that the average salary for VCP certification ranges from $48,000 to $126,000 per year.
10. AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Professional
AWS remains the top cloud platform of choice, and its AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Professional program is aimed at IT pros seeking to design distributed applications and systems on AWS. Candidates are required to already have AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate credentials, as well as two years of experience on AWS.
Because the certification requires previous work with AWS, it is best suited for IT administers, systems engineers, and developers familiar with Amazon's cloud. A Global Knowledge survey of IT professionals from last year pegged the median salary for AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Professional at $125,000.
Project management
Project management is crucial in hardware and software development – it's how businesses can oversee the development process from start to finish. Project managers are responsible for pushing products through the development cycle and ensuring they are properly maintained once launched. For an IT professional, a certification in project management can demonstrate proficiency in planning, scheduling, organizing, executing projects and delivering solid results.
11. Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM)
CAPM certification is offered through the Project Management Institute (PMI) – Reed touts this certification as an “ideal entry-level credential.” A CAPM certification will help those just starting out in project management develop their skills and knowledge to gain more experience.
CAPM certifications are generally best for project managers, project coordinators and IT business analysts. While the average salary for CAPM certification will depend on your job title and seniority, data from PayScale shows the average salary ranges from $35,000 to $129,000 per year.
12. Project Management Professional (PMP)
The PMP certification is also offered through PMI, but takes a more advanced approach to project management. PMI states that a certification in PMP will let you “work in virtually any industry, with any methodology and in any location.” To take the exam, those holding a four-year degree need 3 years' experience in project management, 4,500 hours of leading and directing projects, and 35 hours of project management education. With a secondary degree, you'll need 5 years' experience, 7,500 hours leading and direction projects and 35 hours of project management education.
IT professionals who can benefit the most from a PMP certification include IT project managers, directors of operations and IT directors. PayScale reports that the average salary for PMP certification starts at $58,000 and goes up to $177,000 per year.
13. Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
A CSM certification will demonstrate your abilities with Scrum, a popular agile framework commonly used to develop software and hardware. Scrum's usefulness has expanded beyond the tech industry, as a framework to manage any large-scale business project, making it an even more valuable skill for your resume.
CSM certifications are best suited to IT project managers and software engineers. Data from PayScale shows that the average salary for CSM certification ranges from $56,000 to $142,000 per year.
Related articles
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Renminbi faces confidence test as Chinese FX purchase quota resets
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
HAMBURG, N.Y. (AP) - When it comes to chowing down on kale, Gideon Oji is once again the top dog, beating back a challenge from hot-dog-eating champ Joey Chestnut.
Oji gulped down 22½ 16-ounce bowls of the leafy green vegetable in eight minutes during Sunday's Kale Yeah! Competition at the Erie County Fair in New York. The kale was served raw with oil and vinegar.
The contest is billed as the world's healthiest eating competition.
Chestnut, of San Jose, California, consumed 20 kale servings. He is the reigning hot dog-eating champion at the Nathan's Famous in New York City.
Oji is Nigerian and now lives in Marrow, Georgia. He took the inaugural kale-eating title last year, consuming 25½ servings.
Sunday's event was an unlikely partnership between the Independent Health Foundation and Major League Eating.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sheriff: 3 shot dead at Wisconsin auto racing event
hello
UNION GROVE, Wis. -- Three men were shot and killed during an auto racing event on Sunday, a Wisconsin sheriff said.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. after receiving reports about shots being fired.
The three men were shot by another man at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects were arrested and no one else was injured.
"They have no idea what happened, what caused this," the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims.
Two of the men died at the scene, and the third died while being transported to a hospital. Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as "Larry's Fun Fest." The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40.23 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Gurnee library to host dinosaur events
hello
The Warren-Newport Public Library in Gurnee will host two dinosaur-related events for children this weekend. Saturday, children and their parents are invited to learn about the world of dinosaurs and compare live animals of today to the dinosaurs of the past. The event will run from 2 to 3 p.m. at the library, 224 N. O'Plaine Road. To register, visit wnpl.info. Sunday, the library will host a screening of the 2015 Pixar movie "The Good Dinosaur" at 2 p.m.
We all know about Shilpa Shinde and Vikas Gupta's fight. Recently, the actress also got into an argument with Hina Khan in the Bigg Boss 11 house.
During a task, Shilpa Shinde was asked to read out the protocols of a task given to Arshi, Hina and Priyank. Shilpa was unable to read the details properly. Hina was not able to understand the task and took the rule book in her hand. She also started reading it out loudly.
This didn't go well with Shilpa! In a fit of anger, Hina was heard saying that her proficiency over English is better than Shilpa's. Hina futher said that if not well-versed, she shouldn't attempt trying the language!
Hina's attitude did not go well with ex-Bigg Boss winner, Gauhar Khan, who took to social media and wrote, "Kya padhna naa aana koi buri baat hai??? Agar aapko angrezi nahi aati are u uneducated ?? Hmmmmmmmm 👎."
It has to be recalled that Hina had also made a comment against ex-Bigg Boss contestant, Kishwer. This didn't go well with Kishwer, who also took to the social media to explain her situation (Kishwer had spit in Rishab's drinking water during a task) and even said that she is watching her!
Looks like Hina has already made a few enemies outside the house for her behaviour in the BB house!
Let's wait and watch what's more in store!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The number of passengers arrested for drunken behaviour on flights or at UK airports increased by 50% in the last year, new figures reveal.
There was a total of 387 arrests in the year to February 2017, up from 255 in the period from February 2015 to 2016, according to statistics obtained by BBC Panorama.
The figures were from responses from 18 out of 20 police forces with a major UK airport on their patch who were contacted by the programme.
Ally Murphy, a former Virgin Airlines cabin crew manager, told Panorama: "People just see us as barmaids in the sky.
"I was pulled into an upper-class bed by a passenger who was feeling particularly lucky I guess.
"They would touch your breasts, or they'd touch your bum or your legs, or I mean I've had hands going up my skirt before.
"It's rage inducing, and you shouldn't have to deal with that.
"I guess I never reported it to the police because sadly, and this is completely wrong and only really occurring to me now, you kind of just accept it as part of the job. And it shouldn't be."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Another cabin crew member, who was unnamed in the programme, said airline workers had found "countless" litre bottles of vodka and they felt that Alicante, Ibiza, Palma were among the worst routes.
Alexandra Wilms, of the Balearic Ministry of Tourism, called for "high fines" to try and deal with the problem as "these kinds of people don't understand any other thing than really getting punished by paying a lot of money" while Airport Operators' Association chief executive Karen Dee rejected suggestions airports are irresponsibly selling alcohol.
Ms Dee said: "The sale of alcohol per se is not a problem. It's the misuse of it and drinking to excess and then behaving badly."
Panorama also points out that the UK aviation industry brought in a voluntary code a year ago.
It recommends that airports and airlines should work together to limit disruptive behaviour and sell alcohol responsibly.
Most of the big airlines and airports have signed up to this.
LUXOR, Egypt — Egyptian officials on Saturday announced the discovery of two small ancient tombs in the southern city Luxor dating back some 3,500 years and hoped it will help the country's efforts to revive its ailing tourism sector.
The tombs, located on the west bank of the Nile River in a cemetery for noblemen and top officials, are the latest discovery in the city famed for its temples and tombs spanning different dynasties of ancient Egyptian history.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Archaeologists discover two ancient Egyptian tombs in Luxor 1:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"It's truly an exceptional day," Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said. "The 18th dynasty private tombs were already known. But it's the first time to enter inside the two tombs."
Al-Anani said the discoveries are part of the ministry's efforts to promote Egypt's vital tourism industry, partially driven by antiquities sightseeing, that was hit hard by extremist attacks and political turmoil following the 2011 uprising.
Egyptian excavation workers restore pottery near a new found in a tomb in Draa Abul Naga necropolis on Luxor's West Bank. Hamada Elrasam / AP
The ministry said one tomb has a courtyard lined with mud-brick and stone walls and contains a yard-long burial shaft leading to four side chambers. The artifacts found inside were mostly fragments of wooden coffins. Wall inscriptions and paintings suggest it belongs to era between the reigns King Amenhotep II and King Thutmose IV, both pharaohs of the 18th dynasty.
The other tomb has five entrances leading to a rectangular hall and contains two burial shafts located in the northern and southern sides of the tomb.
Among the artifacts found inside are funerary cones, painted wooden funerary masks, clay vessels, a collection of some 450 statues and a mummy wrapped in linen who was likely of a top official. A cartouche carved on the ceiling bears the name of King Thutmose I of the early 18th dynasty.
Egyptian excavation workers restore a mummy in a newly discovered tomb on Luxor's west bank. Hamada Elrasam / AP
The Antiquities Ministry has made a string of discoveries since the beginning of 2017 in several provinces across Egypt — including the tomb of a royal goldsmith in the same area and belonging to the same dynasty, whose work was dedicated to the ancient Egyptian god Amun.
02/02/18 – 4:41 P.M.
Mayor Lydia Mihalik talked about city operations and goals for 2018 at the First Friday Republican luncheon. She said that her administration wants to make the city better by citizen standards.
Lydia Mihalik
She said that 2018 is looking to be a good year for Findlay based on 2017's numbers. She added that the city and county will start implementing the same emergency dispatch system to aid in response time.
Lydia Mihalik
The new system will allow city and county emergency services to work smarter and more efficiently. Mihalik added that this will help lower response times.
A Grand Reception On The Cards
Virat and Anushka will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December.
The newly wed couple will travel to South Africa where Virat will start prepping for the upcoming series and Anushka will spend New Year's Eve with him and return in the first week of January to begin the next schedule of Anand L Rai's film with Shah Rukh Khan in Mumbai. She will also start prepping for Sui Dhaaga as the shooting for the same starts in February 2018 with Varun Dhawan. Anushka will also be busy with the marketing and promotions of Pari which is releasing on 9th February.
Virat, on the other hand, will be playing the series in South Africa for 2 months which includes three Tests, six One Day Internationals (ODIs) and three Twenty20 International (T20I) matches.
Patty Mills discusses the San Antonio Spurs win against the Memphis Grizzlies in Game 2.
More FOX Sports Southwest Videos Thanks for the memories, Tony Romo Rangers Live: A look at Tony Beasley's Special Night Banister on Odor: ‘First night out was pretty impressive' Rangers Live: A look at Yu Darvish's Night Rangers Live: Odor Showing Improvements on Defense Rangers Live: The bats showed up Opening Night More FOX Sports Southwest Videos
Rubina Announces About Her BIG DAY!
Sharing a cute picture, Rubina wrote, "YES 😇 we @ashukla09 are Going to Begin our New Journey, with proudly embracing each other's imperfections for an eternity ! ☺️☺️! This JUNE will be the Celebration of our BIG Day❤️....... thank you ALL for flooding us with love and good wishes🙏🏻😊" - (sic)
Rubina Dilaik & Abhinav Shukla To Get Married!
Rubina told BT, "Yes we are taking our relationship forward to a new phase... a phase where we will celebrate each other's imperfection and create memories for a lifetime."
Abhinav & Rubina To Get Married In June!
Abhinav too, confirmed about their wedding. He said, "Yes, we are getting married in June. We are yet to zero in on a date as we have a couple of options. The venue too is to be finalised."
‘There Was No Pressure From Either Side'!
He added, "There was no pressure from either side. I was very clear that I won't get married until I find the person I can be myself with and Rubina is just that. Also, we didn't need any convincing to make up our minds. We just decided that we needed to take our relationship to the next level after dating for so long."
Abhinav Informed Rubina's Parents First!
He further added, "I first informed her parents and my family connected with hers. I did bring up the topic of marriage with her, but it wasn't followed by a dramatic Hollywood-like proposal of going down on my knees and popping the question."
Wedding Will Be A Mix Of Himachali & Punjabi Rituals
As Rubina is a Himachali and Abhinav, a Punjabi, the wedding will be a mix of Himachali and Punjabi rituals. The actor said, "We will follow all the rituals. The only tradition I will skip is mounting the ghodi as I am completely against it. I don't want to trouble an animal, who can't express pain or exhaustion, to mark my big day."
How The Couple Met!
Apparently, the couple met at a friend's house during Ganpati festival. He was smitten by Rubina's looks as she looked stunning in a sari! He had even commented on one of Rubina's photoshoots, asking her to let him shoot her pictures. The couple started dating in 2015.
The Couple Share Common Interests!
The duo share common interests - travelling and love for coffee. While Abhinav loves to click pictures, she loves to be his subject! Well, that's how we get to see a lot of lovely pictures of gorgeous actress on her social media accounts.
CLEVELAND — Kyrie Irving scored 37 points, Kevin Love added 27 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2, beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
After squeaking out the opener by a point, LeBron James and Co. showed more intensity on defense and more swagger in general and won their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons.
However, they nearly blew an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers got within four before Cleveland closed it out at the line.
James added 10 rebounds and seven assists but had eight of Cleveland's 19 turnovers.
Game 3 is Thursday night.
Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana, which showed more fight but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series. Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason.
The Cavs vowed they would play better after their near-disaster in Game 1 and they backed up their talk, delivering the kind of performance that was routine last season but very rare in 2017.
Love scored 10 straight and drew a charging foul on Lance Stephenson in a span of two minutes as the Cavs opened an 89-70 lead. Irving closed the quarter by draining a 3-pointer over Stephenson and the All-Star made sure Indiana's antagonizing guard knew about it, yapping in his direction long after the horn sounded.
The Cavs still led 109-91 with 6:09 left, but the Pacers ripped off 13 straight points and were within 113-109 when George hit a 3-pointer with 20 seconds left.
It continued a disturbing trend for the Cavs, who have been giving up late, big leads with regularity.
The other hitch for Cleveland was that starting guard J.R. Smith didn't play in the second half because of a left hamstring injury. Iman Shumpert, who sat the opener, replaced Smith and played 20 solid minutes.
Despite losing the opener, Pacers coach Nate McMillan insisted his team hadn't lost confidence.
“We believe,” he said. “We came in believing, we still believe.”
It just got a lot harder.
TIP-INS
Pacers: Glenn Robinson III returned after missing the past 12 games with a strained left calf. He scored four points in nine minutes. … C Al Jefferson was active but didn't play. He's been out since March 26 with a sprained left ankle. … George has made at least one 3-pointer in 19 consecutive playoff games. … McMillan said the team was told by security officials to stay in the hotel Sunday night while Cleveland police searched for a suspected killer, who randomly murdered an elderly man while posting the shooting on Facebook. … Indiana is 0-9 when dropping the first two games in a series.
Cavaliers: James (357) jumped Magic Johnson (358) for third place in career playoff steals and hopped Robert Parish for eighth in rebounds. … A moment of silence was observed for Robert Godwin Sr., the 73-year-old tragically gunned down by the Facebook assailant. … Stephenson had a strong workout with Cleveland in January before latching on with Indiana, but coach Tyronn Lue said his recent injury issues — groin surgery and an Achilles issue — dissuaded the Cavs from signing him. … James has scored at least 30 points with 10 assists in 13 career playoff games, trailing only Jerry West (14) and Michael Jordan (15).
UP NEXT
After two days off, the series resumes in Indianapolis on Thursday. The Pacers went 29-19 at home during the regular season.
It is hard to tell what is real and what is fake after the Las Vegas massacre, but a statistician who used to work for The Washington Post was able to shed some light on the situation. Leah Libresco actually changed her mind after analyzing the evidence. She stated, ”My colleagues and I at FiveThirtyEight spent three months analyzing all 33,000 lives ended by guns each year in the United States. We looked at what interventions might have saved those people, and the case for the policies I'd lobbied for crumbled when I examined the evidence.”
Leah explained that in Britain and Australia where their gun laws are much stricter, “neither nation experienced drops in mass shootings or other gun-related crime that could be attributed to their buybacks and bans.”
She also responded to Hillary Clinton's argument that a silencer would have raised the death count exponentially. “In real life,” Libresco said, ”silencers limit hearing damage for shooters but don't make gunfire dangerously quiet. An AR-15 with a silencer is about as loud as a jackhammer.”
She also mentioned that “two-thirds of gun deaths in the United States every year are suicides,” and “almost no proposed restriction would make it meaningfully harder for people with guns on hand to use them.” Leah continued, “older men, who make up the largest share of gun suicides, need better access to people who could care for them and get them help.”
“A reduction in gun deaths is most likely to come from finding smaller chances for victories and expanding those solutions as much as possible,” Libresco explained. “We save lives by focusing on a range of tactics to protect the different kinds of potential victims and reforming potential killers, not from sweeping bans focused on the guns themselves.”
Leah Libresco discussed how she does not support owning a gun, ”but I can't endorse policies whose only selling point is that gun owners hate them.”
Do you think liberals are the worst ignorants?
Former Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe wrote a confidential memo last spring recounting a conversation that provided "significant behind-the-scenes" details on the firing of former FBI director James Comey, the New York Times reported on Wednesday.
The Times reported that McCabe had turned in his memo to Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether Moscow colluded with President Donald Trump's campaign to meddle in the 2016 US election. Comey's firing is one part of Mueller's inquiries into whether Trump tried to obstruct the investigation.
McCabe and the Justice Department declined to comment to the Times.The Times reported, citing several people familiar with the discussion, that in the document McCabe described a conversation at the Justice Department with Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein after Comey was abruptly fired. Rosenstein had played a main role in Comey's May 2017 dismissal, writing a memo in which he rebuked Comey over his handling of an investigation into Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton during the election campaign.But in the meeting at the Justice Department Rosenstein added a new detail: that Trump had originally asked him to reference Russia in his memo, the Times reported, citing the sources familiar. Rosenstein did not elaborate on what Trump had wanted him to say, according to the newspaper.Trump's lawyers have cited Rosenstein's involvement in Comey's firing as proof that there was no effort to obstruct justice, the Times reported.The Times reported that Trump wanted Rosenstein to mention that he was not personally under investigation in the Russia probe, but Rosenstein did not include the reference. Until his dismissal, Comey had been leading an investigation into the Trump campaign's possible collusion with Russia.The Kremlin has denied meddling in the election and Trump has denied that there was any collusion between his campaign and Moscow officials.
Golgappa golgappa golgappa golgappa golgappa!!!
Also called pani puri, fulki, and gupchup, and not to be confused with puchhka, as it is called in West Bengal and Bangaldesh. They're similar in most aspects, but their compositions are different enough to set them apart.
Anyhoo, this is one of the most awesome and well-known street foods and snacks in India. It consists of a small eggshell-thin crisp puri, which you poke a hole in, fill with boiled potato, chickpeas, onion (optional), and sev. Add appropriate balance of sweet pani (made with tamarind) and khatta pani (made with mint and green chilli). Put the whole thing in your mouth, chew, swallow, and bask in exploding flavors.
Ta da!
And to the good people at Buzzfeed who made the video about American people trying Indian snacks for the first time, that is not how you eat pani puri.
(EDIT: Just learned that there was a second video made. I'll seek that out, and thank you!)
Deepika Padukone recently became a victim of social media trolling after doing a bold photoshoot for a leading magazine. The actress was heavily slammed for her choice of outfit and had her social media page flooded with hateful comments.
And now we hear that 'Padmavati' director Sanjay Leela Bhansali too is quite concerned for his leading daily. Buzz is that Deepika's photoshoot hasn't gone down well with him.
Read on to know more deets...
A new journal is launching next month in reaction to Donald Trump's presidential victory.
American Affairs journal, a quarterly, will begin publication in February, an outgrowth of the anonymous The Journal of American Greatness blog, which drew praise from conservative writers Peggy Noonan, Christopher Caldwell and Steve Hayward during the presidential campaign.
“It attempts to understand the ideological and political transitions, of which Trump is the most prominent one,” said founder Julius Krein in an interview.
The journal, which will be published by the American Affairs Foundation, will be edited by Krein, as well as Gladden Pappin, a professor at Notre Dame, who will serve as associate editor.
Krein, who will scale back his work at a Boston hedge fund, has been successfully fundraising for his magazine and hasn't ruled out serving in the Trump administration in the future. “For the time being I'm focused on getting the journal off the ground,” he said.
“Our goal is to provide a forum for people who believe that the conventional ideological categories and policy prescriptions of recent decades are no longer relevant to the most pressing problems and debates facing our country,” Krein said in a statement.
“The journal's contributors will include well-known authors and new voices, both from the ‘right' and the ‘left.' We hope not only to encourage a rethinking of the theoretical foundations of “conservatism” but also to promote a broader realignment of American politics,” Krein added, describing his forthcoming “journal of public policy and political thought.”
The quarterly, which will run about 120 pages, has confirmed David Goldman, Josh Mitchell, Reuven Brenner and Clyde Prestowitz will contribute to its first issue.
Michael Anton, a former speechwriter and aide to New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, will likely write for the journal as well. “I hope to be in there before long, maybe for the second issue,” said Anton.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - COBALTECH MINING INC. (TSX VENTURE: CSK) ( FRANKFURT : 9BN1) (WKN: A2DG59) ( OTC PINK : BNCIF) (the "Company" or "CobalTech") announces that Bruce Bragagnolo has been appointed as the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of the Company and former CEO Mr. Antoine Fournier has been appointed as Vice President of Exploration.
Mr. Bragagnolo is the former CEO and co-founder of Timmins Gold Corp. and Silvermex Resources Ltd., and has extensive experience in all sectors of the mining industry including operations, exploration, and mergers and acquisitions.
Mr. Bragagnolo said, "I look forward to advancing CobalTech's strategic priorities and continuing the value creation initiatives already underway at the Company. CobalTech has acquired a strategic land package both in the Cobalt mining camp and Werner Lake and I look forward to working with Mr. Fournier to advance the Company for the benefit of all our stakeholders. The limited availability of ethically sourced Cobalt combined with the strong demand for Cobalt for use in batteries are anticipated to be strong drivers of value in the future."
Mr. Bragagnolo stated "CobalTech will continue to benefit greatly from Antoine's expertise and depth of knowledge in the industry as we advance the exploration and development of our properties". Mr. Fournier is a professional geologist with 25 years of experience in the exploration of industrial and high-tech metals, as well as precious metals.
About CobalTech
CobalTech Mining Inc. is a North American cobalt company with assets in Ontario, Canada. The Company owns the Duncan Kerr Property located outside of Cobalt, Ontario, in an area known for its geological setting responsible for unique mineralization composed of quartz-carbonate veins enriched in silver-cobalt-nickel-bismuth-arsenic. The Company also recently acquired the Werner Lake East Cobalt Property near Kenora, Ontario, Canada. These claims are contiguous to Global Energy Metals' Werner Lake Cobalt Property. CobalTech is committed to operating within the strict environmental, health, and safety framework governed by the e3 Plus regulation put forth by the Prospectors & Developers Association of Canada (PDAC).
ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
(signed) "Bruce Bragagnolo"
Bruce Bragagnolo. CEO
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulations Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — It's always great to bring encouraging updates from the patients profiled in Kylie's Kids, and this week Kylie Bearse has two to share.
Jazzy
When we last saw her, 13-year-old Jazzy was waiting for a new heart, and she finally got it. However, the day after the surgery she experienced some complications. Jazzy's body was rejecting her new heart and we asked all of you to send a lot of love and prayers.
It's now been two months since Jazzy's transplant and her health scare. Her family says she's getting a little stronger every day.
She's still not quite able to stand on her own, but her appetite is back and she's in good spirits.
Next week she'll be transferring to rehab at Gillette's Children's Hospital. This August marks 10 months in the hospital.
Nathalia
We introduced you to Nathalia in December. She's from Duluth, but travels down to Masonic Children's Hospital for cancer treatment. She had surgery on her legs, and was working on walking again.
Her family loves to explore, usually in the form of hiking. Recently they got to go on a whole new adventure. Nathalia got to go on a helicopter ride with Love Your Melon over the city of Minneapolis.
Her mom says she's doing well, with no more chemo treatments planned as of now. She's on clinical trial, which is outpatient.
And that she loved the helicopter ride.
Sedgwick County District Attorney Marc Bennett released a statement Wednesday afternoon saying no charges have been filed in the death of Lucas Hernandez, whose body was found under a bridge May 24 on a gravel road in Harvey County.
Within hours of the discovery, the boy's stepmother, Emily Glass, was arrested and has been held since on suspicion of obstruction and interference of a law enforcement officer. Police had said Glass led a private investigator to Lucas' body.
Glass reported Lucas missing from their home on Feb. 17.
Bennett said investigators will continue to “follow up on newly developed leads” and that final autopsy results — including those from toxicology tests — are not yet available.
Terry Bradshaw knows a thing or two about Super Bowls. And when it comes to Super Bowl 52 on Sunday, he's got faith in Philadelphia Eagles QB Nick Foles.
Bradshaw was in Philadelphia to see Foles and the Eagles defeat the Vikings in the NFC Championship. That performance has the Steelers legend convinced that Foles has settled into his role and could be in for a massive Super Bowl.
“Nick Foles has found his confidence again,” Bradshaw said in an interview with Heavy last week. He explained that Foles' confidence took a hit after bouncing around between the Eagles, Rams and Chiefs before coming back to Philadelphia.
“I think he's got his mojo back. The way he played Sunday- he didn't look like a backup quarterback to me.” Bradshaw noted his deep ball was especially effective, connecting on a flea-flicker touchdown and hitting Alshon Jeffrey on another long throw. Bradshaw then dished a hot take:
“I have no questions he'll play great in the Super Bowl, I'm not even worried about him, nor should you. Matter of fact he could be the MVP of the game, that's how good he's playing.”
After an uneasy three regular season starts, Foles has been more than efficient in two playoff starts. He's completed over 75 percent of his passes on 63 attempts, compiling 598 yards, three touchdowns and no interceptions.
Bradshaw appeared on behalf of Tide. Bradshaw is working with Tide for the second year in a row alongside the star of this year's commercial, actor David Harbour.
As is tradition with The Checkdown, we ended the interview by asking Bradshaw what animal he'd like to ride to work if given the opportunity.
“I'd like to sit on the shoulders of an Eagle, mused Bradshaw. “I'd love to be in the air and feel whats it's like to sit on the back of an eagle and come soaring in. Ride it on the wings of an eagle. See what he sees.”
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
By ANDY WOLF STAFF WRITER Brock Reinhard put himself through the ringer just to get back into pole vaulting form. So far, all of his hard work has paid off. The Elmwood senior endured an injury-plagued junior year that prevented him from even competing last spring. Now, he's back on course. Re…
Meet the fitness babe who is trying to prove that perfect tummies with “ab cracks” are often down to clever lighting. Imre Cecen is a blogger who often shares inspirational...
Don't let work commitments hold you back from having a good time. They may restrict your options somewhat but if you organize what you have to do sensibly you can still have fun with your friends. Draw up a schedule and stick to it.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe spoke with President Donald Trump Saturday afternoon following the deadly clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia, and urged the White House to help state officials "bring people together" in the wake of the incidents, according to the Virginia Democrat's account of the conversation.
"He called and obviously he had what was going on, the issues, and I told him 'Mr. President' — at the beginning of the call and the end of the call — 'there's too much hatred and bigotry; there's too much horrible rhetoric coming out. We have got to work together,'" McAuliffe said, revealing details of the call in a new interview with activist Deray Mckesson. "And I said at the end, 'Mr. President, I'll work with you. Let us work together to reconcile [and] bring people together."
The Virginia governor made the comments in an appearance on Mckesson's podcast, Pod Save the People, which has attracted numerous politicians, activists and entertainer to speak on issues of race and justice. The interview, a preview of which was provided to BuzzFeed News, features McAuliffe speaking emotionally about the three lives lost in Charlottesville Saturday, including two state troopers who McAuliffe knew personally.
"Everybody should have an opportunity," McAuliffe continued, characterizing his remarks to Trump. "Nobody is superior to anyone else. We have got to work together."
Trump has faced mounting criticism this weekend for his vague response to the events in Charlottesville Saturday. Though the president issued a statement addressing the violence Saturday, he ignored reporters' questions asking if he directly condemned the white supremacist groups who had converged on the Virginia college town.
“The hate and division must stop. And must stop right now,” Trump said in his statement, delivered at his private golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey. “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides. On many sides. It's been going on for a long time in our country.”
The White House scrambled to clarify the statement Sunday, amid growing calls for from activists and politicians for the president to issue a stronger rebuke to white supremacists. But Trump himself remained mostly silent Sunday, prompting some political observers to question whether his administration fears offending white supremacist groups that consider the president an ally.
Asked if he believed Trump's campaign contributed to the promulgation of hate speech, McAuliffe replied that the "rhetoric that has come out has created an environment today that we have in this country where people feel emboldened that they can spew their hatred." He said elected officials need to lead on the issue, and added that he told Trump, "Let us go forward today [to] change the discourse" and work together in "a positive way."
McAuliffe himself has faced criticism in the days following the violence in Charlottesville, as both liberal activists and Trump supporters question whether the police could have done more to prevent the clashes. In his interview with Mckesson, McAuliffe defended law enforcement's response, saying that police were concerned about inflaming a situation in which many of the protesters were armed.
He added that he believes there is no way that police could have prevented a driver from ramming into a crowd of counter-protesters in downtown Charlottesville Saturday, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injuring at least 19 others.
The podcast episode featuring McAuliffe's interview is expected to be released early Monday.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Dozens took to the streets of Key Biscayne for the city's 59th annual Fourth of July parade.
The unique floats included a mobile grill making its way down Crandon Boulevard.
Local high school bands also came out to be a part of the celebration.
Even former mayor of Miami Beach and current Democratic gubernatorial candidate Philip Levine was at hand to enjoy the festivities.
“Really, Fourth of July is great everywhere across the country. Key Biscayne happens to one of the most special unique parades and it's fun because I think Key Biscayne kind of represents small-town America,” Levine said.
“It's the one day we come out and celebrate our nation and celebrate our community and we are all here, horses, cars family,” parade attendee Juan Carlos Diaz Padron said.
Every group was represented in the parade even the littlest of patriots.
Big or small, red or blue, American pride was one thing undoubtedly on display.
“I think what's so fun about it is that today is one of those days where you're not Republican or Democrat, your not independent. You're just an American and you're celebrating America,” Levine said.
Organizers of the Great Allentown Fair put out a call Monday for relics of World War I to be included in a 100th anniversary display.
This year's fair, the 165th edition, runs Aug. 29 through Sept. 4 at the fairgrounds in Allentown.
It includes a celebration of the centennial of Camp Crane, the name given to the fairgrounds from mid-1917 until April 10, 1919. It was the training and mobilization area for the U.S. Army Ambulance Service, whose members were being sent to Europe to serve in the Great War.
The fair is looking for anything relevant to World War I or Camp Crane that may be considered to be loaned for the centennial display during fair week.
Uniforms, medals, armaments, postcards are among the items sought.
Fair President Beverly Gruber says in a news release all artifacts will be carefully handled and displayed, and that arrangements will be made with the owners for the submission and return of all items.
Cause found for why fair ride failed
Anyone interested is invited to contact Gruber prior to Aug. 26 at b.gruber@rcn.com or 610-393-0294.
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
AMIS to solve food crisis in Nigeria–Oyawale
Vanguard
National Project Coordinator of Agricultural Market and Information System, AMIS, Mr. Olutayo Oyawale in this interview, among other issues, explains how AMIS can help in solving food crisis in Nigeria. Why has it become necessary to galvanize a …
and more »
The Clark County School District announced the launch of the Summer Food Service Program for kids and teens.
Schools, community recreation centers and even some apartment complexes in the Las Vegas area will offer hot breakfast and lunches free of charge to anyone between the ages of two to 18 years old, according to the CCSD website.
The program kicks off the last week of May, although dates very by location.
Families do not need to enroll their children in the program. For locations and serving times, visit the CCSD meal locator website or text "Summer Meals" to 97779.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
On a recent crisp afternoon in New York, saxophonist Chris Johansen wraps up a set in Madison Square Park. If this were a few years ago, he'd scoop up the cash tips in his collection bag and move on.
But now, he also adds up the tips he has collected through an app on his smartphone.
As Johansen plays, he displays a sign with his Venmo account, a service of PayPal Holdings Inc. PYPL, -1.06% And the rate at which the digital tips have come in, he says, has been a surprise. His largest single tip: a $25 whopper. “Almost every day,” he says, “I'll look at my phone and see that people have donated money.”
Johansen, 37, is one of many street performers turning to digital payment services for tips as fewer people walk around with cash. Nearly 10% of Americans carry no cash, according to a Bankrate.com study, while 40% leave the house with $20 or less.
I'll be here all week…
Chadd Deitz, a stunt comedian in the Boston area known as “Wacky Chad,” uses a hand-held, portable machine called DipJar, which went on the market in 2015. The device allows donors to tip using their credit cards, in encrypted transactions, based on a fixed amount set by the performer.
“A lot of people are thankful that I have this machine so they don't have to run to an ATM and feel guilty,” says Deitz, who typically charges $10 and has earned $1,860 through DipJar this year.
Deitz also directs his audience to his mobile page, which takes payments through cashless services such as Square Inc.'s SQ, -1.65% Square Cash. Mobile payments have made his job easier, he says, but a decline in cash tips has led to the disappearance of “a lot of quality acts.”
Use of cash has declined in Scandinavian countries like Denmark, says Elron Allen, a street performer who lives in Hawaii but spends part of the summer “busking” (performing for donations) in Copenhagen. This shift, Allen laments, is “reducing the once-vibrant street performing scene that can add so much to a city.”
Getty Images Cash tips are becoming a thing of the past.
A nonprofit that advocates for street performers has come up with a product to compete with commercial services like Venmo. Nick Broad and Liliana Maz, co-founders of the Busking Project, created an app and web service that buskers in the group's network can use to accept digital payments practically anywhere.
Digital thank-yous
The two say they have noticed an uptick in recent donations, though they concede that digital payments are a challenge. Buskers, they say, must build trust with viewers to convince them to pull out their phones or credit cards.
Getting past that barrier, though, can be an additional thrill for the performers. Johansen, the saxophonist, says he sometimes receives private messages from Venmo patrons who like his music.
“It's kind of exciting,” he says, “that people are connecting with us in that way.”
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
LeVar Burton delivered this message at RootsTech 2017. Can there be a more anguishing cruelty than stealing someone's identity and erasing his history? Can there be a greater gift than teaching someone his identity and teaching the stories of his past and legacy?
LeVar Burton, who is beloved for his roles as the host on PBS's long-running Reading Rainbow and Geordi La Forge on Star Trek got his start when he was chosen in his first-ever professional audition for the starring role as Kunte Kinte in the 1977 award-winning television mini-series Roots.
Nineteen years old and green as an actor, he snagged the role in what would become not just a meaningful story, but instead a shared experience that would rivet American society and leave it forever changed. At the same time, Roots taught us all the magical power of story telling to impact a family and a nation.
Burton said, “It was Alex Haley's family story, told through the eyes of his ancestors, that literally, over eight consecutive, nightly installments, served to reset our national reference over what we mean when we talk about slavery in America.
“Roots gave us the unvarnished truth about the inhumane cruelty of our slave-holding past and the irreparable damage that was systematically inflicted on an entire race of people. There was an America before Roots and there was an America after the Roots, and they were not the same America.
“Once America was able to tell itself the story that slavery was a justifying, even necessary economic mechanism, that it allowed this country to arise to the power that it is today on the world's stage. After Roots it became impossible to even think about slavery without visualizing its impact on the African people who were so unjustly enslaved. And all of that was accomplished with one family's story.
“No matter what aspect of the color spectrum your skin reflects, if you are old enough to have been a member of that unprecedented, record-shatterng viewing audience that tuned in for Roots, you will remember what it felt like to be connected.”
“Millions of us…members of the same human race, were engaged and enraptured by the telling of a timeless tale of the indomitable power of the human spirit.”
What was the nature of this story? It wasn't just the agonizing, systematic cruelty inflicted on Africans who were kidnapped, slammed into a dense-pack like meat in a hold of ship. It wasn't only that 1/3 of them lost their lives on the sea voyage or were bought and sold as so many commodities. In addition, it was the stripping of these souls of their identity and expunging their past, the ultimate decimation of a human being.
LeVar Burton played Kunte Kinte with that sense of anguish on his face, while the slave-holder renames him Toby and insists that he forget everything that made him human, peeling his identity from him like flesh off the bones.
During his talk, Burton played a scene from Roots film, where Kunte is strung up, while the overseer snarls:
“Your name is Toby. I want to hear you say it. Your name is Toby. You're going to learn to say your name. What's your name?”
“Kunte,” the young African insists. “Kunte Kinte.” Then he is lashed, the sound of a whip snapping repeatedly across his flesh, while blood spills down his back.
“When the master gives you something, you take it. He gave you a name. It's a nice name. It's Toby and it's going to be yours until the day you die. I know you understand me and I want to hear it. I want to hear you say your name. It's Toby.”
Again Kunte insists, “Kunte” and he is lashed again.
Finally, whipped until his head is drooping and his terrible moans rift the air, he finally can barely mutter, “My name is Toby.” The overseer thinks he has broken him, but another slave named Fiddler kneels down beside the boy when he has been cut down from the whipping post and whispers through tears, “Don't you care what that white man call you You know who you be, Kunte. That's who you always be. There's going to be another day. You hear me. There's going to be another day.”
Yet, if stripping someone of their identity pulverizes his soul, giving identity and history to a person empowers and grounds him. In contrast to the role Burton played in Roots, at the close of his talk FamilySearch gave him an irreplaceable gift—a copy of his genealogy going back to 1815—as far as it could be traced since the roots and records dissolve in Africa.
When Burton saw the names of his ancestors on a family tree, projected across the giant screen on the stage, many whose names he had never seen before, he began to weep, and throwing both arms in the air, he exulted, “These are my people. These are my people.”
It was a stunning moment, and for anyone who ever imagined that family history was useless, old stories and statistics that nobody wanted to hear, those thoughts were forever dispelled in the tears of an actor who is also an American icon.
Creating the World through Our Stories
He said, “Roots is a powerful example that we, all of us, truly stand on the shoulders of those who have gone before us, those who sweat and shed blood and have even given the ultimate measure to ensure that their children and their children's children might live in a world that values an individual not as a commodity to be bought and sold for labor but as an exceptional child of the Creator and worthy of the dignity and respect he deserves.”
Burton said, “We are a species designed to be creative as story tellers. It is in our DNA. We are part of an ancient storytelling continuum.
“It is through the stories that we tell each other, that we literally create the world as a reflection of who we are. It is our stories that have always provided our context for who we are, why we are here, where we are going, and what will my particular contribution be in the service of creating our uniquely human destination.”
The First Storyteller
He sees his life as having been shaped by three other storytellers besides Alex Haley. “In my childhood it was my mother who was my introduction to the magical properties of story telling. From her I have inherited my passion for story telling.”
Her name is Irma Jean Christian, and he said, “Whenever I have the opportunity to speak of my mother in public I do.
“I could easily have been one of those statistics with which we are all so familiar, a black male child, raised in a single-parent household, latch-key kid. My mom worked 9 to 5, five days a week but you see Irma Jean is a most powerful human being, one of the most powerful I know and she was determined that I would reach my full potential in life even if she had to kill me. Of course, I'm kidding–sort of.
“I am the man I am because my mother is the woman she is. My mother was a voracious reader. She generally reads two to three books at a time, sometimes more for her own pleasure. So in addition to reading to me when I was a child, I always saw my mother reading. She always had a book in her hand and so my childhood was steeped in the understanding that reading is as important to the survival of the human being as is breathing.
He said, “Irma Jean is about 4 feet, 10 ½ inches tall, weighs about 115-120 pounds. On my next birthday on Thursday, I will be 60 years old and I am still afraid of that woman. And I'm not kidding,” he said.
“The truth is my mother had standards. There were consequences if you failed to meet those standards and sometimes those consequences were painful. My mother had hopes for me and expectations. My mother had dreams for me and my mother knew fully well and first hand the value of being educated.
“My mother made it a priority to instill in me one of the most important values a human being can pass one to another. She taught me that there are no limits to what I could accomplish in life except those to what I myself impose. She instilled me the importance of education because she knew that in America a quality education is the ultimate leveler of the playing field.
“My mother knew that I would one day grow up and inherit a world that would sometimes be hostile to my presence simply because of the color of my skin. She knew that the best thing she could do for me in a world full of inequality was to provide me the tools so that I could complete on a more level playing field with my melanin-challenged classmates. That's code for white people.”
He continued, “Irma Jean didn't sugar coat it either. The story that my mother told me that my journey in life wasn't destined to be an easy one. The truth was that as a black male in America my life would be fraught with injustice, and frustration with the unfairness of that injustice. She told me that my journey would be perilous at times, sometimes dangerous, but as her son she assured me that I had the ability to persevere through it all.
“The story told me that my mother told me and the story that I in turn embraced as my own was that I was capable of triumph over any adversity and that it was my right to determine my destiny and myself.”
Though Burton's mother had a MSW and worked at her career during the day, she waited tables at night to help him pay to obtain his acting degree.
Gene Roddenberry
Gene Roddenberry, the creator of Star Trek was, according to Burton, an amazing story teller and visionary. He said, “When I was growing up it was rare for me to see depictions in the science fiction that I read of people who looked like me. Television was hardly better in terms of reflecting a world that was a racially diverse as the one I lived in every day.”
Yet, seeing a black woman on the bridge of the Star Trek Enterprise, “was a huge for me because you know what Roddenberry was saying to me? There was a place for me when the future came.
“I cannot impress upon you enough just how important it was to see ourselves represented in the popular culture in order for a healthy self-image to be formed.
Absent exposure to healthy reflections, a child is sent a very powerful message. You are not important. You do not matter.”
He said the story telling of Star Trek also connected him with others because of “that uniquely human ability we all possess—our power to imagine. Our imaginative power, our ability to project ourselves into a past or future moment outside and apart from this now moment of existence, that is our superpower as human beings. No other species can do that. It is our imagination that causes us to be able to conceptualize, devise and design any and every manner of invention or idea that has ever propelled us forward on our human journey…I believe that two of our most important words in combination in our language are the words what if? What if?”
Fred Rogers
Once Burton was at a White House Conference with Fred Rogers where heads of studios and networks had come together to examine the effects of television on children.
“As you can imagine,” he said, “a lot of egos were at the table and when it came time for Fred to speak he did this amazing and remarkable thing. He asked everyone to close their eyes and bring into their mind a person who had seen their potential and helped them to realize what their gift, their contribution to the world might be. Think of someone who saw you, who recognized your brilliance,” Rogers said.
Burton summed up, “We none of us get through this thing called life on our own. We all need to have assistance on this journey. In my 60 years of experience, I have never encountered a solution to being human that makes more sense to me than Be still, stand in love, and pay attention.
“We pay attention because if we're not paying attention, we might miss something incredibly important that is key to our delivering our gift to the world.”
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz.
GUEST: Mindy Grossman, CEO of Weight Watchers, discusses the shift from focusing on losing weight to overall health and wellness, and the launch of their Healthy Kitchen products.
Running time 07:26
According to a report from The Nation, the EFCC has identified the owner of the house where about $50m cash was recovered.
Reports say a former governor and other high-profile owners of apartments in Osborne Towers, Ikoyi have been invited for questioning.
This was after the EFCC discovered that some of the occupants of the Towers were involved in moving the cash into the controversial apartment 7B.
An EFCC source said detectives discovered that the 7B Apartment was bought in the name of a company allegedly owned by the wife of a senior government official.
"The more we investigate this $43.4m haul, the more we get fresh facts. It has become imperative to interact with some owners or tenants of apartments in the Towers," another source said.
"We have invited a former governor and other high-profile owners and tenants for interaction. It is just to ask a few questions on whether or not they were aware of such movement of cash.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India takes stock after first phase of cash crunch
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The White House says President Donald Trump has called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to congratulate him on his country's referendum expanding presidential powers.
The call comes despite concerns from international monitors and opposition parties about numerous voting irregularities. They include an electoral board decision to accept ballots that did not bear official stamps, as required by Turkish law.
The White House says Trump and Erdoğan also discussed Trump's decision to bomb a Syrian regime airfield in response to a chemical weapons attack that killed dozens. Trump thanked Erdoğan for supporting the action.
Critics argue the reforms in Turkey will hand extensive power to a man with an increasingly autocratic bent and leave few checks and balances in place.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Holly Holm knew her back was up against a wall after losing three straight fights in the UFC. It had been a roller coaster ride for Holm after she became...
A FATHER WHO tried to attack convicted sex abuser Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom has apologised for his actions.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an lawyer, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court yesterday.
He later apologised, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was “no way” she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
“I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that,” the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is “not acceptable that we combat assault with assault.”
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of his life in prison. He was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during his decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians.
More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80% have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were “filled with regret” because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
“I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't,” she told Nassar. “The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you.”
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him “five minutes in a locked room with this demon.” Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for “one minute.” That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to “use your words,” not violence.
“This is letting him have this power over us,” she said. “We cannot behave like this.”
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
“I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. … I'm embarrassed,” Margraves said of his conduct.
I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.
Randall Margraves addresses the media alongside his daughters,. Source: Joel Bissell
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defense and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated his apology and insisted he's “no hero.”
“My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity,” he said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who traveled from France to speak, said she was surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
“It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we've all gone through,” Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said his officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
Project info
These images were taken on my first but hopefully not my last trip to India. This place was a feast for the eyes and I encountered fascinating faces and vibrant colours around each and every corner. I used a Canon 5D III & a 24-70mm on this trip and non of the images were staged.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Image copyright NCA Image caption Vasil Stoyanov has been jailed for 14 years
A man who tried to smuggle £11m worth of heroin into the UK by hiding it in boxes of charcoal has been jailed.
Vasil Stoyanov, 30, was caught by Border Force officers with a lorry-load of the class A drug at Dover Eastern Docks in June 2015.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) said the haul was estimated to be worth £3m wholesale and £11m on the street.
Stoyanov, who had pleaded not guilty, was sentenced to 14 years in prison at Maidstone Crown Court on Friday.
Image copyright NCA Image caption The drugs were flat packed and taped to the inside of the boxes, the NCA said
Following an NCA investigation, a border force officer found 130g of the drug powdered and sealed in a plastic bag stuck to the inside wall of one of the shipment's 2,000 cardboard boxes.
A search of the lorry's load found 228 boxes had heroin inside concealed in the same way.
The shipment was addressed to Lizzy86 Ltd, Stoyanov's company which was exposed as a front.
Cambridgeshire police officers searched his home in Swinburne Close, Kettering, and a nearby lock-up.
Image copyright NCA Image caption The drugs were found in some of the 2,000 Lizzy 86 boxes
They found cut open charcoal boxes and documents showing he had spent £66,000 on three large orders of charcoal for a return of £67.
His eBay account listed just two lots of charcoal for sale at £3.50 each.
Mark Harding, senior investigating officer at the NCA, said: "The seizure means serious organised criminals have lost out on a huge revenue stream and street-level dealers won't be able to endanger heroin users and the communities in which they live.
"It's also shut down a smuggling route that could have been used to bring any kind of dangerous commodity into the country."
Kamal Haasan, the veteran actor, is one of the finest talents, Indian film industry has ever seen. As we all know, Kamal Haasan is not only an exceptional actor, director, and writer, but also a strong follower of Indian cinema.
Photo Courtesy: Behindwoods
Recently, the multifaceted talent picked his 70 all-time favourite Indian films, for the 70th Independence day special edition of Hindustan Times. Interestingly, Kamal Haasan's favourites list include eight Malayalam films, something which the industry can be proud of.
Have a look at Kamal Haasan's favourite Malayalam films here....
Chemmeen (1965) The first film in Kamal's favourites list. The classic movie, which was an adaptation of Thakazhi's classic novel of the same name, was directed by Ramu Karyat. Chemmeen had featured Sathyan, Sheela, and Madhu, in the lead roles.
Anubhavangal Paalichakal (1971) The movie, which featured the legendary Prem Nazir-Sathyan duo, was also adaptation of Thakazhi's popular novel of the same name. The movie was scripted by Thoppil Bhasi and directed by KS Sethumadhavan.
Nirmalyam (1973) The movie, which was written and directed by MT Vasudevan Nair, was an adaptation of his short story Pallivalum Kalchilambum. Nirmalyam won the National Film Award of 1973, for the Best Feature Film, while PJ Antony won the Best Actor trophy.
Swapnadanam (1976) Swapnadanam, which has been considered as one of the finest works of KG George, is another Malayalam film in Kamal Haasan's favourites list. The highly acclaimed movie has won the National Film Award of 1976, for the Best Feature Film in Malayalam.
Kodiyettam (1978) The fifth film in Haasan's list is Adoor Gopalakrishnan's classic movie, Kodiyettam. Bharath Gopi went on to bag the National Film Award trophy for the Best Actor, for his performance in the acclaimed movie.
Ee Nadu (1982) Kamaal Haasan's another favourite Malayalam film is the Mammootty-Ratheesh starring political drama, Ee Nadu. The 1982-released movie still remains as one of the best works of IV Sasi-T Damodaran duo.
Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal (1986) Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal, the Mohanlal-Padmarajan movie which has been considered as one of the classic love stories of Malayalam, has also found a place in Kamal Haasan's favourites list.
Thaniyavarthanam (1987) The 1987-released Mammootty movie, which marked the debut of Lohithadas as a scenarist, is another favourite Malayalam film of Kamal Haasan. Thaniyavarthanam, which was directed by Sibi Malayil, was a huge critical and commercial success.
Surprisingly, Kamal Haasan hasn't chosen even a single Malayalam film of 1990's and 2000's in his favourite films list. Instead, the multiple National Award-winner went on to choose the classic films of 1960's to 1980's in his favourite Malayalam films list.
Kamal Haasan has enlisted his 22 films in various languages, among his 70 all-time favourite Indian films list. He has also picked several classic films from Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Marathi, Bengali, and Hindi films, as well as a silent film, in his favourite list.
The actor, who released his favourite Indian films list pointed out that these films are strictly his personal favourites. Kamal Haasan also admitted that he has not watched several iconic films of Indian film industry.
Pop star Katy Perry has credited the 2016 U.S. presidential election with helping her resolve sexual issues stemming from her childhood.
The Kissed a Girl hitmaker grew up in a strict Christian household run by her Pentecostal preacher parents, and the singer discovered she resented her deeply religious dad's old school view of women when Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton duked it out with Republican Donald Trump on the campaign trail last year.
“The reality is that I was retriggered on the election,” she explains to The New York Times newspaper. “I was retriggered by a big male that didn't see women as equal. And that had been, unfortunately, a common theme in my upbringing.”
Trump, who ultimately won the race for the White House, became caught up in a scandal during his run for presidency when audio footage leaked of him discussing how he liked to grab women he's attracted to “by the p**sy”, sparking furore over the misogynistic statements.
Katy was a loyal public supporter of Hillary as the election heated up, and after witnessing sexism on the campaign trail, the musician reveals she experienced a surprising “full sexual liberation”.
Katy Perry woke up. She wants to tell you all about it. https://t.co/bYl29mbQsA pic.twitter.com/9C1V2wh03L — The New York Times (@nytimes) June 14, 2017
“I feel very empowered, extremely liberated,” she says of the presidential race's impact on her psyche, “liberated from the conditioning of the way I used to think, spiritually liberated, politically liberated, sexually liberated, liberated from things that don't serve me.”
However, Perry didn't achieve her newfound personal freedom without hard work - she quit drinking alcohol in January and she has also been attending family therapy sessions with her mum and dad in a bid to improve their relationship.
“I went to that dark place that I had been avoiding, and I dug out the mold,” she shares. “It was not fun, but I did that - I'm still doing that.”
President Donald Trump, First Lady Melania and their 11-year-old son Barron kicked off the annual White House Easter Egg Roll on Monday.
“This is the 139th Easter egg roll. Think of it, 139,” Trump said from the balcony overlooking the south grounds of the executive mansion. He was accompanied by somebody dressed up in an Easter bunny costume.
The Trumps then went down and joined the crowd briefly.
The day-long, family-oriented event features many activities including an actual roll in which kids race against each other, pushing colored eggs along the ground with a wooden spoon.
“We will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before,” said Trump, before wishing the crowd a happy Easter under overcast skies in Washington.
The Easter egg roll at the White House was started in 1878 when Rutherford Hayes was president.
jca/are/dw/jm
© Agence France-Presse
Share this Story
Cloud native communications software leader adds open mobile TAS and service creation environment; offers complete, virtualized mobile solutions for 3G, 4G LTE and beyond
LOS ALTOS, CA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Cloud native communications software leader Metaswitch today announced the acquisition of OpenCloud, recognized experts in mobile service enablement. Currently in use by more than 60 operators worldwide, OpenCloud products transform the real-time communications service layer to create innovative revenue-generating services and migrate traditional IN-based mobile voice services to IMS. This acquisition enables Metaswitch to offer global service providers a pure-play software VoLTE solution, adding the market-leading Rhino Telecom Application Server (TAS) to its Clearwater IMS Core and Perimeta SBC.
"The acquisition of OpenCloud is a key part of our portfolio expansion strategy to fully serve both mobile and converged network operators," said Metaswitch CEO Martin Lund. "Global operators have long looked to Metaswitch for innovative communication solutions and we are now perfectly placed to ensure the rapid deployment of VoLTE today, and to quickly deliver differentiated services on the path to 5G."
"Metaswitch is the ideal strategic and cultural fit for OpenCloud and our customers," added OpenCloud CEO Ian Clarke. "Both companies have outstanding engineering teams, a commitment to continued leadership in virtualized network functions, proven mobile service solutions and a dedication to advancing the cause of our mobile customers, worldwide."
The VoLTE market is experiencing a period of rapid growth, with subscribers estimated to have exceeded 310 million at the end of 2016 and predicted to exceed 1 billion by the end of 2020, according to a recent report from IHS Markit (1). IHS Markit also forecasts growth of the NFV MANO and VNF market at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 42 percent -- from $2.2 billion in 2015 to $12.4 billion in 2020. (2). Given the above figures, Metaswitch is confident that cloud native communications software is one of the keys to unlocking the benefits (lower capex and opex, agility, rapid innovation) promised by NFV.
Unlike traditional communication network equipment, the Rhino TAS is an open platform for extension and development by its network operator customers and their developer partners through an extensive set of APIs and SDKs, available from partners through RhinoMarket. This enables them to have more control of the direction, speed and cost of their network and service evolution than they do when working with other vendors. The combination of openly-programmable pure software products enables visionary service providers to deliver real-time communication services across all generations of wireline, mobile, converged and MVNO networks.
"Carrier transitions from legacy networks to VoLTE are greatly facilitated by vendors that can streamline procurement, deployment, interworking, management and support," said Stéphane Téral, senior research director, Mobile Infrastructure and Carrier Economics, IHS Markit. "Metaswitch's acquisition of OpenCloud not only accelerates mobile service virtualization, but also cements them as a strategic supplier to mobile operators that are considering deploying VoLTE, and innovating beyond."
Metaswitch will be at Mobile World Congress 2017. Request a meeting here.
(1) Information based on IHS Markit, 2016 VoLTE Services & Subscribers Market Report.
(2) Information based on IHS Markit, NFV Hardware, Software, and Services Annual Market Report.
Information is not an endorsement of Metaswitch. Any reliance on these results are at the third party's own risk. Visit https://technology.ihs.com for more details.
About Metaswitch
Metaswitch is the world's leading cloud native communications software company. The company develops commercial and open-source software solutions that are constructively disrupting the way that service providers build, scale, innovate and account for communication services. By working with Metaswitch, visionary service providers are realizing the full economic, operational and technology benefits of becoming cloud-based and software-centric. Metaswitch's award-winning solutions are powering more than 1,000 service providers in today's global, ultra-competitive and rapidly changing communications marketplace. For more information, please visit www.metaswitch.com.
Copyright © 2017 Metaswitch Networks. "Metaswitch" and "Metaswitch Networks" are registered trademarks. Brands and products referenced herein are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
The Nigerian Army, on Tuesday, February 14, reiterated its commitment toward securing the territorial integrity of Nigeria from any violation, as the clearance operation by the military to rid the country of terrorists continues.
The Chief of Army Staff, Lt.-Gen. Tukur Buratai, reiterated the commitment during the 2017 budget defence in Abuja.
He, however, said that that timely and complete implementation of 2017 budget would enhance the fulfilment of such mandate.
Buratai noted that in the past eight years, the country had been grappling with various security challenges that continued to stretch the assets of the Nigerian Army.
“Currently, the Nigerian Army is deployed in about 32 states fighting to eradicate terrorism, cattle rustling, kidnapping, pipeline vandalism, armed banditry and communal clashes among others.
“The challenges have in many instances necessitated the deployment of Quick Response Groups to troubled areas and establishment of new units in some cases,” Buratai said.
The trend according to him is further worsened by partial release of appropriated funds.
Buratai said that the percentage performance of the Nigerian Army in 2016 budget showed 100 for personnel emolument, 62.01 per cent for overhead expenditure and 39.38 per cent for capital.
He, however, expressed concern that limited funds released to the army had continued to jeopardise its welfare efforts.
According to him, 2017 budget, the allocation to the Nigeria Army is N152. 843 billion.
Earlier, Rep.Kwewum Shawulu, the Chairman, House Committee on the Army, said that the National Assembly added N10 billion to the allocation of the Nigerian Army in the 2016 budget.
He said the development followed the advocacy embarked upon by the committee.
The chairman said though money was a far cry from what was actually needed, it demonstrated the importance the National Assembly attached to the Nigerian Army and the defence of the territorial integrity of Nigeria.
(Source: NAN)
Share
"This is the grandma I met downstairs today. She asked me if I could take a photo for her to post. I chatted with her a bit and found out she's actually 88 years old. Truly she was just old physically but not mentally. I immediately added her on Facebook (She is the oldest girl I have ever asked to add on Facebook....). Here's her Instagram."
Image copyright AFP Image caption The value of gold coins has risen sharply in Iran in recent weeks
Iranian police have arrested a man they say hoarded two tonnes of gold coins in order to manipulate the local market.
Tehran police chief Gen Hossein Rahimi said the unnamed 58-year-old had used accomplices to collect an estimated 250,000 coins over the past 10 months.
He dubbed him the "Sultan of Coins".
Iranians have been buying up gold coins since the US abandoned a nuclear deal with Iran in May and said it would reimpose sanctions, triggering a fall in the value of the country's currency.
A US dollar was worth about 81,000 rials on the unofficial foreign exchange market on Wednesday, compared with 43,000 rials at the end of 2017.
Two weeks ago, traders at Tehran's Grand Bazaar shuttered their shops and join protests in the capital prompted by the collapse of the rial and rising prices.
Iran's economic problems fuelled similar anti-government demonstrations in provincial cities and towns late December and early January.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - APT Systems, Inc. ( OTC PINK : APTY), a fully reporting company in the Fintech software sector, is pleased to announce that the Company has completed raising equity in this current quarter ending April 30, 2017 and a Form D was filed.
Some of the proceeds are funding the charting element named kenCharts, an important component of the Intuitrader platform. We are in the process of awarding the last of the contracts to complete versions for both iOS and Android apps. We are also working on website updates that include a page to allow beta signups and software reviews.
Glenda Dowie, Chief Executive Officer, released the following statement: "We look forward to the company NovaQue Systems taking on the position of managing our legacy software, and further providing technical support and guidance for the market data feed driving the kenCharts App. We are keen to release this early app for everyone to check out and provide input."
We will be reporting on these actions and more in the subsequent events section of our upcoming 10-K filing for our year ending January 31, 2017.
About APT Systems, Inc.: APT is an acronym for Applied Proprietary Trading. The Management of APT Systems, Inc. works to deliver stock trading tools and its platform Intuitrader with a focus on handheld devices; while also strategically acquiring other compatible financial businesses which demonstrate strong growth potential.
Disclaimer - Forward Looking Statements: This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may," "future," "plan" or "planned," "will" or "should," "expected," "anticipates," "draft," "eventually" or "projected." You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements; projected events in this press release may not occur due to unforeseen circumstances, various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K and other filings made by such company. APT Systems, Inc (APTY) may opt to disseminate information about itself, including the results of its operations and financial information, via social media platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter.
All the talk entering the 99th PGA Championship focused on Jordan Spieth trying to finish the career Grand Slam, but it was another Jordan who came close to completing the calendar Grand Slam. Of golf betting, that is.
Jordan Baker almost pulled off the unthinkable by correctly predicting the winner in three of golf's four biggest events in 2017. There was just one problem: Rickie Fowler.
In what was nearly the greatest golf bet ever, Baker parlayed Sergio Garcia to win the Masters(!), Brooks Koepka to win the U.S. Open(!!), Justin Thomas to win the PGA Championship(!!!), and. . . Rickie Fowler to win the British Open. Sigh. He was so close to the payday of a lifetime, picking the wrong member of the #SB2K17 crew as Spieth won at Royal Birkdale.
Baker wagered £2 getting 1 MILLION-to-1 odds, meaning his small bet had him in position to win $2.52 MILLION -- although, Bet365's website says there's a £500,000 maximum payout for golf bets. Still, that's an incredible return, especially since Baker told Golf Digest in June that it was the only golf bet he made this year.
And of course, we're not actually beating up on Rickie Fowler here. The star still in search of his first career major has enough critics already after adding two more close calls this year at the U.S. Open and PGA.
Anyway, here's a look at Baker's betting slip following Koepka's U.S. Open victory:
Funny enough, in a way, Fowler was actually Baker's best bet. At 28/1, he had the best odds of the four and by the time he teed off at Royal Birkdale he was more in the 15/1 range and one of the tournament favorites. But alas, it wasn't meant to be as Fowler finished T-22.
And Baker finished with a good story, but no extra money in his pockets. The potential of a parlay payout is intoxicating, but if you don't get anything if you don't get everything right. Next year, Baker might try his hand betting on each major individually.
RELATED: Jordan Spieth opens as the favorite for the 2018 Masters
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
A sign shows the name of the Bellagio atop the properties center tower. (File/FOX5)
The Bank Nightclub at the Bellagio will be shutting down.
MGM Resorts International announced the final night of operation will be June 3.
The company did not specify what will replace the club but said details would be announced in the coming months.
Hyde Bellagio and Lilly Bar and Lounge offer nightlife experiences for guests at Bellagio., MGM said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Digital transformation requires centralized, real-time, automated data collection to unlock the potential to increase output, decrease costs, and improve quality across manufacturing operations
FAIRFAX, VA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - InfinityQS® International, Inc. (InfinityQS), the global authority on data-driven enterprise quality, is imploring manufacturers to put down their pencils and papers and implement automated data collection technologies to attain enterprise visibility and begin to adopt Industry 4.0.
According to The Boston Consulting Group's recent report, Sprinting to Value in Industry 4.0, "The value created by Industry 4.0 vastly exceeds the low-single-digit cost savings that many manufacturers pursue today. The new technologies promise to revolutionize manufacturing, thereby shifting the competitive balance among countries and transforming the industrial workforce."
However, the foundation of Industry 4.0 is automation and data exchange, and InfinityQS found in its recent survey of 260 manufacturers that 75% of respondents are still manually collecting data. 47% of those rely on pencil and paper. The survey, which included some of the world's largest manufacturing organizations, sought insight into the manufacturers' needs, processes, and uses for data collection.
To facilitate Industry 4.0, manufacturers must automate and standardize data collection processes and create a centralized repository that is accessible to all stakeholders within the organization. When data is unified, from all sources, it's possible to visualize more than a single aspect of operations. The outcome is real-time visibility of the entire enterprise, from end to end -- including suppliers, incoming inspection, raw materials, in-process checks from shop floor operators and the quality lab, process data, packaging, and finished products. This visibility identifies potential opportunities to increase output, decrease costs, and improve quality across manufacturing operations.
Michael Lyle, president and CEO, InfinityQS, said, "To reach the full potential of digital transformation, it's vital to find the right talent and resources to configure and deploy the technologies, as well as interpret the resulting data. However, what many manufacturers don't realize is that it's not an all or nothing proposal. There are small, less expensive steps that can be taken to adopt Industry 4.0 in a more iterative and agile manner."
To learn more about the first step to prepare your manufacturing organization for a digital transformation, download the InfinityQS white paper, "Enterprise Visibility."
About InfinityQS International, Inc.
InfinityQS International, Inc. is the global authority on data-driven enterprise quality. The company's Manufacturing Intelligence solutions deliver unparalleled visibility across the enterprise, from the shop floor to the boardroom, enabling manufacturers to Re-imagine Quality and transform it from a problem into a competitive advantage. Powered by centralized analytics, InfinityQS's solutions provide operational insight to enable global manufacturers to improve product quality; decrease costs and risk; maintain or improve compliance; and make strategic, data-driven business decisions. Headquartered near Washington, D.C., with offices in Seattle, London, and Beijing, InfinityQS was founded in 1989 and now services more than 40,000 active licenses with more than 2,500 of the world's leading manufacturers, including Ball Corporation, Boston Scientific, Graham Packaging, and Medtronic. For more information, visit www.infinityqs.com.
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day, and put a little more fun into your life. It's all brought to by the same great […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of your day, and put a little more fun into your life. It's all brought to by the same great team […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For over 20 years, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved local personalities. With Joe Rose leading the way in mornings, WQAM features Miami's most extensive offering of live and local […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” J.T. Wilcox SFHSSports Managing Editor JT.Wilcox@CBSRadio.com Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear from you! . By Telephone 305-654-1700 . By Mail South Florida High School Sports […]
Gina Cantalupo, RN, ICU, was selected as the September DAISY Award recipient at the Billings Clinic in Billings.
By Angel Wyrwas
Gina Cantalupo, RN, ICU, was selected as the September DAISY Award recipient at the Billings Clinic in Billings. The DAISY Award is a national award used to recognize nurses for their excellence in patient care. Nurses use their education, skill and compassion to make a difference in the lives of others. Those extraordinary nurses are our “unsung heroes.”
Every month, Billings Clinic honors a nurse with the DAISY Award in special recognition of their outstanding clinical skills, compassionate care and commitment to excellence. Cantalupo received a plaque, a handmade sculpture, a bouquet of daisies and cinnamon rolls.
Cantalupo was nominated by a patient that had this to say about her, “Recently I woke in the ICU to the sound of Gina discussing my care with a doctor. I thought she must be a tough nurse to talk to a surgeon, let alone a neurosurgeon like that. In a few days, we learned that she wasn't a seasoned nurse, but a remarkable young nurse. Gina gives the patient that personal touch and attention every shift. Gina has a knack for communication with patients and their families. This is another example of her personal touch that makes the patient more comfortable and speeds recovery. If the need arises again, I hope Gina is my nurse.”
Cantalupo is the daughter of Rick and Mona Madler of Baker. She earned her degree from Montana State University in Bozeman and has worked in the Billings Clinic ICU for almost a year and a half. “I'm very fortunate that I am passionate about the profession I've chosen,” said Cantalupo. “I love that I can have a direct impact in someone's life. When a patient ends up in the ICU, it is their worst nightmare, their family's worst nightmare. I like being there to make it better.”
Cantalupo recently moved to Kalispell where she is beginning a new job as an ICU nurse for the Kalispell Regional Medical Center.
By Dan Reardon
In 1990, Mike Donald was one hole shy of completing the tournament of his life, the U.S. Open at Medinah Country Club. Donald needed only a par at the 18th of the Monday playoff to defeat Hale Irwin and find his place in golf history. He bogeyed and lost on the next hole in sudden death. Donald drifted on and off the PGA Tour over the next 15 years, never posting a win.
In 1999, France's Jean van de Velde stood on the tee of the final hole at Carnoustie with a three-shot lead in the Open Championship. He tripled the hole and lost in a playoff to Paul Lawrie. The Frenchmen did win once more in his golf career in 2005 but largely disappeared as a serious threat to win on the European Tour.
In 2016, Andrew Landry shot 66 in the opening round of the U.S. Open at Oakmont as an Open rookie, ranked 624th in the world. He played well enough over the next two days to be paired in the final group of the day with Dustin Johnson. Johnson gutted his way to his first major win, and Landry soared to a final-day 78. Instead of being the first U.S. Open rookie to win in 102 years, he finished tied for 15th.
He finished the year 178th in the FedExCup standings and back on the developmental Web.Com Tour the following season. On Sunday at the Valero Texas Open, Landry served notice that he intended to stay clear of the ranks of Donald, van de Velde and other players crushed by the disappointment of a failed major opportunity. Landry shot 4-under 68, -17, to win by two shots for his first PGA Tour title.
>>MORE: Pro Golf Coverage
“I think that every single player out here is good. Every single player is great. Whenever you get in a situation and you fell and you continue to fall, you're learning every single time you do something,” he said afterward. “Oakmont definitely helped me. It helped to control my pace and how my swing is, even how I walk and that can lead into my golf swing. It's accepting that I do have nerves and embrace them.”
Back on Tour after finishing fourth on Web.Com in 2017, Landry has been showing signs that an Oakmont hangover was not in his 2018 profile. He posted three top 10s in his first seven starts of the 2018 season, including a four-hole playoff loss to Jon Rahm at the CareerBuilder Challenge in February. He credited his performance in that loss to the success he enjoyed in San Antonio.
“Losing in that playoff when I was continuing to hit good shot after good shot and just not making any putts, which is usually a strength of my game, it helps because you get yourself in that situation and you continue to learn.”
Hall of Fame Texan Ben Hogan once said about his success, he learned the game in the dirt. For the 30-year-old Landry, the dirt was an hour drive from San Antonio in Port Neches-Groves on a nine-hole golf course called the Pea Patch, a course he lovingly described as a “goat ranch.” A long list of Texans have won a tournament that traces its genealogy to 1922, the most recent being Jimmy Walker in 2015. Landry adds his names to people like Hogan and Byron Nelson as Texas Open winners.
Perhaps it's the feel of home. Perhaps it's learning to manage the kind of Texas winds that buffeted the tournament early in the week. For Landry, there was the special comfort of being surrounded by family and friends for his breakthrough moment.
His mother, Patricia, wore a shirt Sunday bearing the logo of that U.S. Open in Oakmont two years prior. His wife, Elizabeth, with their newborn, stood greenside as her husband needed to navigate nearly 50 feet in two putts to secure the win. His father, Dwain, who Landry told on Sunday morning at Oakmont that he was going to win that day, was there when that prediction proved true two years later. And his brother, Adam, who was a constant competitor with him back on that nine-hole course, now in housing development, was there for the dream to become reality.
He told PGA Tour afterward the same thing Andrew talked about in his winning press conference.“I've watched all the trials and tribulations, what he's gone through, the highs and the lows. There was no Plan B for him. There was only this. Stuff like that will cripple people. It'll make you want to quit, failing back and forth — but he continuously figured out a way to find his way to the top.”
Dan Reardon has covered golf for radio station KMOX in St. Louis for 33 years. In that time, he has covered more than 100 events, including majors and other PGA, LPGA and Champions Tour tournaments. During his broadcast career, Reardon conducted one-on-one interviews with three dozen members of the World Golf of Fame. He has contributed to many publications over the years and co-authored the book Golf's Greatest Eighteen from Random House. Reardon served as Director of Media relations for LPGA events in both St. Louis and Chicago for 10 years.
After an incredibly crowd-pleasing reunion at Ultra Music Festival: Miami back in March of this year, any sign of new music or future reunions from Swedish House Mafia makes our heart beat a little too fast.
While Axwell Λ Ingrosso have been doing pretty well and making a name for themselves, we miss that signature Mafia sound!
Their billboard was set up to promote their new track "Dancing Alone" which features RØMANS who has produced songs such as Ella Mai's "Breakfast In Bed" and "Makes Me Wonder," Jonas Blue's "Mama," and Demi Lovato's latest single "Sober" to just name a few.
Check out the billboard here which displayed the "Dancing Alone" artwork but then showed an error message flashing those unmistakeable Swedish House Mafia white dots.
"Dancing Alone" also happens to have a very, very, Swedish House Mafia sound to it. Listen to it and see for yourself:
What do you think! Could the guys of SHM be reuniting?
One of the most popular couples in town, Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma got hitched in a private ceremony yesterday in the morning.
Ever since 'Virushka' as fans lovingly call them made their wedding announcement on Twitter, there has been a flood of inside pictures and video on social media. We have compiled some of the fresh ones for you. Check them out here...
Candid Moment Anushka Sharma's laugh has set Virat Kohli into thinking mode. Maybe Mr Captain is thinking about 'Shaadi Ke Effects'! A Private Affair Virat and Anushka took vows in a 'hush-hush' ceremony at Borgo Finocchieto in Italy in the attendance of their close family and a few friends. 'Virushka' Just Can't Take Their Eyes Off Each Other That's what you call true love! Virat- Anushka Shared The Good News With Their Fans They took to Twitter and wrote, "Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share this wonderful news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans and well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey." A Fairy-Tale Wedding These two have just given us some wedding goals! What's Next On Their Mind We hear that the couple plans to host a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December. Virat's Droolworthy Looks Here's one more click of the dashing Virat Kohli! We Are Spellbound 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' to not fall in love with this stunning bride!
Meanwhile, this video of Anushka as 'bride' making her way towards the wedding mandap for her 'saat pheras' with Virat is just too beautiful...
#boyfriendstillsleeping #holidaystillon #motherhoodstillrockingme Sending Teddy bear hugs to everyone. Have a great day and send in your face of IHN if you are interested but please send in good photos cos the quality of the photos I have been asking to be resent no be am at all. I have a busy day ahead of me so let me stop here and whip up something else. Kisses.
Rani Mukerji Talks About Her Comeback After Motherhood
"It was great. My journey into motherhood and coming back to work was amazing, because as a professional you don't realise how much you miss your work, unless you take a break."
Motherhood Is Beautiful, Says Rani!
"The experience of becoming a mother for the first time was just beautiful. After that, when I got back on set, I felt, ‘oh my god, I just belong here', because suddenly everything just came back."
East Vs The West
"In the West, there is no discrimination between actors and actresses, they can go ahead, get married, have babies, and have a parallel work life. In India, strangely, women are pushed to get married late and have a baby. They want actress to be single for a longer period of time, which is strange because our heroes get married early, they have children and continue to work."
The Times Are Changing!
"But I think times are changing. It is our responsibility as actors to encourage actresses to get married early, have children and still pursue their career," Rani Mukerji summed it up to the Indian Express.
After emerging as the only Indian actress to feature on TIME's 100 influential people in the world, Bollywood's leading lady has now graced the cover of TINGS London.
Within a very short span of time Deepika Padukone has carved a place for herself as one of the most talented celebrities not just in India but also globally. The testimony of her global imprints is not just the recent TIME's list, but also the TINGS London cover.
Termed as the Queen of 100 crores club, Deepika Padukone holds the most number of 7 100 crores films, while her recent outing Padmavat clocking 300 crores at the box office. With this Deepika was titled the first actress to have entered the 300 crore club with a woman led film.
Deepika commands the title of being the most commercially viable actress in the industry, in addition to being the highest paid actress.
The Superstar who has an incredible fan base not only in India but also the world is the most followed Asian woman on Twitter. With being proven as the most number of genuine followers on social media, Deepika Padukone is the reigning queen of Bollywood currently.
Deepika Padukone has also brought about a social change as she became the first actress to publicly address the condition of mental illness and her suffering from depression. The actress currently has been working towards creating awareness and supporting mental illness with her NGO, The Live Love Laugh Foundation (TLLF).
The actress also enjoys a huge fan following, a testimony of which is seen on her social media platforms with a follower base of more than 75 million.
On the work front, Deepika was last seen in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Padmaavat opposite Shahid Kapoor and Ranveer Singh.
Jordan Henderson has told Liverpool not to follow in Barcelona's footsteps and allow Roma to complete a second-leg comeback in their Champions League tie.
Jurgen Klopp's side looked to be cruising into the semi-finals after racing into a 5-0 lead at Anfield inside 68 minutes, with Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino netting twice and Sadio Mane also on the scoresheet.
But Roma gave themselves hope ahead of the return fixture, with Edin Dzeko's strike and a Diego Perotti penalty - both of which came in the final nine minutes - ensuring the match ended at 5-2.
Liverpool put on a clinic, but Roma aren't dead just yet.
Check out the 90' in 90"👇 pic.twitter.com/8MZw6wM2Bf — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) April 24, 2018
The result means Eusebio Di Francesco's side will reach the final if they can repeat the performance against Barça in the quarter-final second leg, when they overturned a 4-1 first-leg loss with a 3-0 victory in the return.
And Henderson, despite his confidence in Liverpool's attack, admits they must learn from the Catalans' mistakes if they are to avoid a similar fate.
"I felt as though we were in full control and we basically gave them two goals," he told BT Sport. "You can't really do it in the Champions League.
"At the same time, we've played well, we've won the game and we'll go there with a three-goal advantage, but it'll be difficult. As you've seen in the last round, they came back against Barcelona, who are one of the best teams in the world.
Roma need a 3-0 win in the return leg?
Nahhh, never gonna happen. 😅 pic.twitter.com/mDGdJtlu0O — FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) April 24, 2018
"It'll be a really tough challenge for us but we've got to be confident after the performance.
"I felt we were still in control of the game, maybe we didn't play football as much in the last 20 minutes. I feel we gave them the Dzeko goal, which put up a few nerves, maybe, I don't know why.
"The penalty I thought was harsh, I thought his [James Milner's] arms were by his side, but we've got to stay confident. It was a good performance for 70 minutes.
"Some of the runs and some of the balls in behind were brilliant. We were disappointed not to score more, to be honest. But we've got to be positive. We knew it wouldn't be easy and it won't be easy over there, it'll be really tough, as Barcelona found.
"We'll need to be at our best but I'd fancy us to go there and score, with the forward players we've got. It'll be a challenge but one we've got to look forward to."
CRESCO, PA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Net Savings Link, Inc. ( OTC : NSAV) announced today that the company will be opening an office in Shanghai, China next month, with the primary goal to expand its medical cannabis technology business. The Company is presently in the final stages of deciding from several premier locations in the world's largest city. NSAV views the opening of its flagship China office as both a significant opportunity and a vital necessity, given that China is the world's largest producer of cannabis sativa seeds, accounting for nearly 40% of global production.
The opening of an office in China is the Company's second major announcement involving the world's largest country and second largest consumer market in recent weeks. NSAV has previously announced an agreement in principle to acquire Chinese medical software company, Shanghai Hua Si Tai Medical Consultation Company Limited, which owns and operates Shanghai based Vital Strategic Research Institute (VSRI). VSRI is a medical research firm with a long history of expertise in design, clinical trials and global research.
The Company also announced that it is proceeding as rapidly as possible in order to bring NSAV current on its SEC filings. Management, the accountants, auditors and advisers are in daily communication in order get the Company current with OTC Markets. NSAV is receiving no assistance from the previous management of the Company in this endeavor. NSAV stands by its previous statements, that the SEC filings are its top priority.
James Tilton, president of NSAV stated, "I am tremendously excited that our flagship location in China will be in Shanghai, which is one of the world's leading business centers. Besides accounting for nearly 40% of the global production of cannabis sativa seeds, Chinese companies have 309 out of the 606 patents filed around the world that relate to cannabis. As one who has lived and worked in Shanghai, I can personally appreciate what an amazing city it is."
Mr. Tilton went on to state, "Again, I am fully aware from the dozens of shareholder emails and Tweets I received, that bringing NSAV current on its SEC filings is priority number one. I can assure all of you that it is my top priority as well. Unfortunately, I inherited an unexpectedly difficult situation from the previous management and it has caused a delay in bringing NSAV current. I am on top of this and I will fulfill my pledge to have the SEC filings completed very soon."
NSAV's vision is the establishment of a fully integrated technology company that provides turnkey technological solutions to the medical cannabis industry, as well as other areas of the medical industry. Over time, the Company plans to provide a wide range of services such as software solutions, e-commerce, advisory services, financial services, patents and trademarks and information technology.
The NSAV Twitter account can be accessed at https://twitter.com/NSAV_MJTechCo
The NSAV Facebook account can be accessed at https://www.facebook.com/Net-Savings-Link-Inc-768628693317257/
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. Investors are cautioned that, all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, the ability of Net Savings Link, Inc. to accomplish its stated plan of business. Net Savings Link, Inc. believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this press release will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward- looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by Net Savings Link, Inc. or any other person.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead into the weekend in the Waste Management Phoenix Open. He knows from experience the party is just getting started.
“Just keep the gas pedal down,” Fowler said.
Fowler has had a lot of success at TPC Scottsdale without winning. He finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010, lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016, and tied for fourth last year.
“From the first couple times I played it, I knew it was just kind of a matter of time before I would win here,” Fowler said. “I know I can win here. I put myself in position plenty of times.”
Fowler was tied with Bryson DeChambeau, with each shooting his second straight 5-under 66.
The festive tournament drew an estimated Friday-record crowd of 191,400 fans, bringing the week total to 439,088. The third-round mark of 204,906 set last year is expected to be shattered Saturday, and the week record of 655,434 from a year ago could fall with a day to spare.
DeChambeau birdied the final two holes, hitting a wedge to 8 inches on the par-4 18th late on another 80-degree afternoon.
“I missed a few short putts on the back nine, so definitely didn't play my best,” DeChambeau said.
He won the John Deere Classic last year. In 2015, the former SMU star became the fifth player to win the NCAA individual title and U.S. Amateur in the same year.
Daniel Berger and former Arizona State player Chez Reavie were a stroke back.
Berger had a bogey-free 65.
“This is the fourth time I've been here, so I've kind of figured it out a little bit,” Berger said. “Mostly, it's just about just enjoying yourself.”
Reavie eagled the 17th in a 65. He's the only player without a bogey after two rounds.
“This is my home tournament, growing up here my whole life and coming to the tournament and carrying the sign board,” Reavie said. “So this is like the fifth major for me.”
Adam Hadwin (65)of Abbotsford, B.C., was the low Canadian in a tie for eighth at 7 under. Ben Silverman (68) of Thornhill, Ont., was in a group tied for 37th at 3 under and Nick Taylor (71), from Abbotsford, was tied for 50th at 2 under. Mac Hughes of Dundas, Ont., missed the cut.
Fowler birdied four of the first six holes. He bogeyed his old nemesis, the 317-yard 17th, after driving short of the green to the left and chipping across and off the green.
“Funky little chip where we were in a good position to make birdie,” Fowler said.
Two years ago, he blew a two-stroke lead on 17 in regulation when he drove through the green and into the water, then handed the playoff to Matsuyama when he hit into the water again.
Fowler is wearing a pin on his hat with a picture of Griffin Connell, the area boy he befriended at the event who died last week at age 7. Connell was born with a rare airway disorder.
“I don't think it's a coincidence he's playing so well this week, either,” said Griffin's father, Jim Connell. “Griffin, he's not here with us, but we know he's watching from above.”
Scott Stallings (65), Chesson Hadley (68) and Chris Kirk (68) were 8 under, and Phil Mickelson (65) and fellow former Arizona State player Jon Rahm (68) topped the group at 7 under.
The 47-year-old Hall of Famer is making his record-tying 29th start in the event he won in 1996, 2005 and 2013. He birdied the last three holes — getting the stadium-enclosed No. 16 for the second straight day — and four of the final six.
“There's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here,” Mickelson said. “I can feel their energy and it helps me focus.”
Justin Thomas and first-round leader Bill Haas were 6 under.
The fourth-ranked Thomas had his second 68. He was bogey-free after dropping three strokes late Thursday with a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17.
“I was pretty upset and mad about that last night because I really let a good chance get away to shoot, I felt like, 7 or 8 under,” Thomas said. “But stretches like that are going to happen over the course of four days.”
Haas followed his opening 64 with a 72. He made a double bogey on the par-5 third.
The tournament lost some star power when Jordan Spieth missed the cut and two-time defending champion Matsuyama withdrew because of a left wrist injury.
Spieth shot 72-70, playing alongside Thomas. The third-ranked Spieth last failed to advance to weekend play in May, when he missed consecutive cuts in The Players Championship and the AT&T Byron Nelson. Matsuyama's injury ended his bid to match Arnold Palmer's event record of three straight victories.
Robert Garrigus had the shot of the day, a drive on the 17th that hit the flagstick and stopped inches away. He's 2 under after a 69. Andrew Magee aced the hole in 2001, the only hole-in-one on a par 4 in PGA Tour history.
Using an innovative global mapping system, a British company is helping to bring healthcare to some of South Africa's most difficult-to-find places.
Sulaiman Philip
KwaNdengezi, outside Durban, is a community of 54,000. It is a collection of brick buildings and self-built homes of zinc sheeting, recycled bricks and wood. What roads do exist do not have names and unless you live in the sprawling 14km² township, it is easy to get lost.
Thembinkosi Lesley Dladla, an Emergency Management Rescue Services (EMRS) shift supervisor, explained: “As an EMRS [officer], my work doesn't have any boundaries – we work the whole of Durban. It's very difficult in the townships, because they don't have road names written, and they also don't have house numbers.”
Ambulances can take hours to reach patients. Often a whole day will pass before an ambulance can find patients. They, as well as community health workers, have to rely on residents to give them directions. For the community, descriptive directions are the easiest ways to navigate the chaotic streets of the township.
Take the directions Dladla gave to the Gateway blog, for example: “Take a left at the church, then right at the school and it's a red door.” These can be misunderstood or misremembered, require detailed local knowledge and take a long time to explain. There are also no street lights, so using landmarks to find your way is almost impossible at night.
Gateway and what3words
A local health NGO, Gateway Health Institute, is piloting a project in KwaNdengezi that will map the entire township. For the first time residents will have an address they can use when calling for medical help.
The NGO is using what3words, a global online mapping system, to create unique addresses for the township. The system breaks the globe into a grid of 57 trillion 3m x 3m squares. Each has a pre-assigned and fixed three-word address.
Gateway's fieldworkers helped residents identify their locations on a satellite map and then printed their three-word addresses on plastic signs that were attached to their homes. The addresses are registered in a database, and the NGO is able to identify what medical services are needed where. The mapping service has helped to increase the number of pregnant women receiving home visit antenatal care. When medical help is needed it can be dispatched to a mapped location and ambulance crews know where to go to provide life-saving assistance.
Beyond providing addresses to homes in KwaNdengezi, Gateway is also mapping community assets such as local government centres, clinics and pumps that provide clean drinking water. The aim is to build a detailed map for the residents that can be used by businesses and the government to improve the lives of the community.
The project was begun by Dr Coenie Louw, founder and director of Gateway. “For those living in informal settlements and rural areas, ‘location' presents the biggest challenge in providing health services and products. In these areas demand is high but delivery is poor. What3words changes all that. By providing every property with a unique address, residents now have a simple and reliable way to identify their homes.”
Addressing a problem
Gateway runs community health services in disadvantaged communities across the country. The most important medical services it offers are delivery of medicines and emergency transport for women in labour: 50% of births in KwaNdengezi take place at home; before the project began an ambulance could take up to four hours to reach a woman in distress.
At first, Louw tried using phone masts to triangulate locations but he found that location could be up to 3km from a person needing assistance. “I spent two years trying to find a way to actually pinpoint the location of a pregnant woman in distress.”
What3words is the perfect solution, which Louw found while doing internet research. A three-word address is perfect in areas such as KwaNdengezi because it is easy to remember and simple to share via message or SMS. What3words uses USSD technology and is a free download to any phone. It also works even if the resident does not have available data.
Chris Sheldrick, CEO and co-founder of what3words told Gateway: “Helping them [Gateway] to overcome one of their most fundamental barriers for delivering these services is something we're very proud of. Addressing these communities is the first step to improving their economic and social development, and indeed to changing lives.”
The project is also being used to alleviate unemployment in the township — 11 previously unemployed youngsters were trained as fieldworkers to help residents identify their addresses and to help load location and health information on Gateway's database.
How what3words works
The system is available in 14 languages and is used in 170 countries by NGOs, government services and businesses. In essence, every centimetre of the globe has a unique address that is easier to remember and communicate, is more accurate and is simpler to use than directions based on landmarks.
marginal.cabin.gearbox is the what3words address for the Brand South Africa office. Neighbouring The Nelson Mandela Centre of Memory, a short walk away, is senior.blinks.punk. Similar word combinations are not placed close to each other. If you spell a word incorrectly, the system will give you suggestions for the best possible location.
An estimated 4 billion people have no address. For these people it is impossible to open a bank account or get deliveries or, as in the case of the residents of KwaNdengezi, be reached in an emergency. What3words is designed to improve the lives of these people.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Canadian Orebodies Inc. ("Orebodies" or the "Company") (TSX VENTURE:CORE) is pleased to announce that drilling has now commenced on the Company's Hemlo North Limb Property (the "Property").
The current Phase 1 drill program will consist of approximately 2,500 metres of diamond drilling on the Company's Hemlo North Limb Property, testing a number of geophysical and prospecting driven targets across the Property (for additional details see press release dated March 23, 2017).
"We are excited to get our first drill program underway on our Hemlo North Limb Property and kick off what will be a very busy year for the Company. This is an important drill program to enhance our geological knowledge of the property, but it is just the beginning," said Gordon McKinnon, President and CEO of Orebodies. "We did not have that much prospecting time last year before the snow came, but in one month we did manage to discover a new gold occurrence (the "Petrant Lake Occurrence"). There is much more to do in terms of additional target generation, as the property is large and covers over 6,800 hectares. We look forward to what can come from a full season of work on the ground." (for additional information regarding the Petrant Lake Occurrence please see press release dated March 2, 2017)
Technical Information
This press release has been prepared under the supervision of Mr. Bruce Mackie (P.Geo.), who is an independent consultant to the Company and a "qualified person" (as such term is defined in National Instrument 43-101). Mr. Mackie has verified the technical data disclosed in this press release.
About Canadian Orebodies Inc.
Canadian Orebodies is a Canadian-based mineral exploration company with a portfolio of properties in Ontario and Nunavut. Canadian Orebodies is focused on generating shareholder value through the advancement of its two Hemlo area properties: the North Limb and Wire Lake.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain information set forth in this news release may contain forward-looking statements that involve substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the timing of future exploration work or drilling, and the expansion of the mineralization. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond the control of Canadian Orebodies Inc., including, but not limited to, the impact of general economic conditions, industry conditions, volatility of commodity prices, risks associated with the uncertainty of exploration results and estimates, currency fluctuations, dependency upon regulatory approvals, the uncertainty of obtaining additional financing and exploration risk. Readers are cautioned that the assumptions used in the preparation of such information, although considered reasonable at the time of preparation, may prove to be imprecise and, as such, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements. This press release is not, and is not to be construed in any way as, an offer to buy or sell securities in the United States.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
(WFLA) – Wresting Hall of Famer Ric Flair remained hospitalized Monday as his representative made a public plea for prayers.
Over the weekend, Pro Wrestling Sheet reported that the WWE champion had been admitted to a hospital for heart-related issues.
Late Sunday night, Flair's representative, Melinda Morris Zanoni with Legacy Talent, asked for prayers and positive energy for the wrestler.
“Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues,” she said.
On Saturday, she tweeted that the wrestler was in the hospital.
“Yes,Ric in hosp 4routine monitoring.No reason2panic.Yes,many thx2his fiancé&hospstaff.No excuses Ric wld want u2go out 2nite NaturBoy style!”
Flair, age 68, gained fame as a big time wrestler in the late 1970s along with several other wrestlers such as Hulk Hogan, Andre the Giant and ‘Macho Man' Randy Savage. Flair was especially popular for his antics.
Flair was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2008 and retired after a 36-year career.According to his website, Ric Flair's robe, his trunks, and the boots he wore at Wrestlemania XXIV, are all on exhibit at the Smithsonian National Museum of American History in Washington DC.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ALSIP, Ill. – Police shot and killed a pit bull that mauled a 77-year-old woman to death in the yard of a suburban Illinois home Monday afternoon, according to WGN.
Officers responded to Komensky Ave and 116th St in Alsip after a young man walking his dog saw the attack and called police.
When they arrived, police say the dog was still aggressive and they were forced to shoot it. Officers tried to give the woman first aid but it was too late. Police said the woman lived at that address and that the 6-year-old pit bull was a pet in the home.
"It was pretty horrific," Alsip Deputy Chief Shawn Schuldt told Alsip Patch. "If I go through the rest of my career without seeing something like this, that would be a good thing. I feel extremely bad for the family and we offer them our condolences."
Schuldt said the dog appeared well cared for and that the department had never received any prior calls from residents or neighbors reporting the animal behaving aggressively.
No word yet if anyone else was at the home when the attack happened.
BIRTHDAY GAL: Actress Chloe Bennet was born in Chicago today in 1992. This birthday gal has starred as Daisy “Skye” Johnson on “Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.” since 2013. She also portrayed Hailey on “Nashville” and has appeared on “The Birthday Boys.” Bennet has also lent her voice talents to the animated feature “Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast” and to an episode of “Jake and the Never Land Pirates.”
ARIES (Mar 21-Apr. 19): When opportunity knocks, answer the door. Don't let skepticism prevent you from taking advantage of what could turn out to be a lucrative chance to make some extra money. You and a significant other could be on the same wavelength.
TAURUS (Apr. 20-May 20): Your heart knows what's best. Logic might go out the window as following your whims could be what leads you down the path of happiness. You can instinctively find the words to make the object of your affection feel special.
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Stand apart from the crowd. While others may simply be going through the motions, you are able to use your ingenuity to draw attention to yourself. Showing off your individuality could make romantic pursuits a resounding success.
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Don't sell yourself short. You are capable of a lot more than you may give yourself credit for so don't be afraid to try something new. Making a crucial decision could require a bit more research if you want to play it safe.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Put a little spin on it. Even bad news can be slightly manipulated to make you come out smelling like a rose. Count on a friend to help you break the ice with a new romantic prospect or to give sound advice on how to improve a relationship.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Someone's two cents could be worth a fortune, Take heed when a friend or colleague offers you some pointers as what they have to say could prove enlightening. Making a purchase on a whim could satisfy a nagging urge.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22.): If you've got it, flaunt it. You have the know-how to make things happen in the workplace and to have the one you love eating out of the palm of your hand. Don't let humility hold you back as you can truly walk the walk today.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Strike while the iron is hot. Don't hesitate to make your move in the business world as all the pieces of success fall into place. A romantic interest may be ready for you to tell them what they want to hear if you pay attention to the signs.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Don't keep it all to yourself. A love interest may be more than willing to listen if you decide to share a secret passion or innovative idea. Strong support could be all you need to gain the confidence to get a new project off the ground.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): In for a penny, in for a pound. No matter what endeavor you undertake, make a commitment to do the very best that you can. Go out of your way to find the things that please the object of your affection and then make them happen.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Let the creative juices flow. Whether it is thinking outside the box to solve a difficult problem, or painting a masterpiece just because you feel like it, your imagination can make it happen. Find unconventional means to profess your love.
PISCES (Feb. 19-Mar. 20): When you talk, other people will listen. Your poise and confidence will have others hanging on your every word and you can use this to your advantage. Go the extra mile to make romantic pursuits a memorable experience for all involved.
IF APRIL 18 IS YOUR BIRTHDAY: Exercise, enthusiasm and eagerness and executive actions are a mighty powerful combination as the next four to six weeks unfold. You might easily be distracted by your circle of friends so take a rain check on fifty percent of your invitations. July is an excellent month to join a new group or to spend more time making new contacts within the context of an organization. In August your judgment and your luck are at their best, so this is a good month to make crucial decisions or to put major plans into motion. Your money making abilities are at their best and an opportunity that knocks on your door might be quite worthwhile. You may be inspired in October but easily be fooled by new marketing ploys so get everything in writing. AMX-2017-03-16T19:00:00-04:00
Bengals find the worst possible mentor for Joe Mixon The Cincinnati Bengals drafted running back Joe Mixon, seen on video from 2014 breaking a woman's face with a vicious roundhouse punch, because he is very good at football, and...
NFL coach of woman-puncher appalled players now can celebrate He is the second-longest tenured coach in the NFL and a member of the NFL Competitive Committee, and Marvin Lewis can't seem to make up his mind on league standards. Lewis,...
Video shows anger management not working for Pacman Jones Warning: Explicit language Adam “Pacman” Jones went on a profanity-laced rant Tuesday after someone allegedly hit his Rolls-Royce in Ohio. In a video obtained by TMZ, the troubled Bengals cornerback...
'Pacman' Jones goes nuts on reporter for 'stupid a--' questions Adam “Pacman” Jones transferred his rage from the cops to a reporter Monday during his first media appearance since he was arrested in January for allegedly assaulting multiple people, including...
NCAA TV coverage: Class is not a word you'll hear I suppose, at this point, it is just none of our business. Still, as long as we've been watching the NCAA Tournament contested by student-athletes, isn't there someone — anyone...
'Pacman' Jones' jackassery could cost him $6M Adam “Pacman” Jones' arrest looks like it may be very costly. The Cincinnati Enquirer reported Friday the Bengals are mulling Jones' future with the team as they await further details of...
'Pacman' Jones to cops: 'Suck my d--k ... I hope you die' Video has emerged showing the aftermath of Adam “Pacman” Jones' Jan. 3 arrest, displaying an irate and confused Jones in the backseat of a police car, cursing off cops and wishing...
'Pacman' Jones arrested for spitting on nurse, head-butting cop Cincinnati Bengals cornerback Adam “Pacman” Jones was arrested early Tuesday for allegedly pushing and poking a man in the eye, spitting on a nurse's hand and head-butting a police officer...
Everyone in the NFL wants to beef with Terrelle Pryor Seven years later, there is an “Everybody Hates Chris” spinoff. Only you can't find it on any television network. It's only available in NFL stadiums and locker rooms around the...
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Expand An anti-immigration poster by Victor Orban's Fidesz party during Hungary's April 2018 elections, April 8, 2018, Gyongyos, Hungary. © 2018 REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger (Budapest) – A revised draft bill published by the Hungarian government on May 29, 2018, would criminalize efforts to help migrants and asylum seekers and curb their access to protection, Human Rights Watch said today.
The bill the government presented to parliament proposes amending nine existing laws related to asylum, the national border, and the police. It creates a new criminal offense in the Criminal Code of “enabling illegal immigration,” which is defined to include helping asylum seekers who are “not eligible for protection,” as well as to include border monitoring, producing and disseminating information, or “network building.” If committed “regularly,” or with the aim of “help[ing] several persons,” the offense would be considered aggravated. Anyone convicted would face a sentence of up to a year in prison.
“This bill is the latest salvo in the Hungarian government's war on refugees and those who help them,” said Benjamin Ward, deputy Europe and Central Asia director at Human Rights Watch. “Hungary's government should withdraw this draft bill, honor the country's duty to refugees, and end its odious campaign against rights defenders.”
The draft law would curb the right to asylum by introducing new admissibility criteria that would bar most asylum seekers from getting protection in Hungary. It would allow the authorities to declare asylum applications from people arriving through a country other than their own inadmissible, unless the person could show that they were facing a serious risk of abuse or that the other country did not provide “adequate levels of protection.”
The burden of proof would be on the applicant, who would be unlikely to be able to substantiate such a claim without necessary access to information and support, and within the bill's tight three-day deadline. These new admissibility criteria could pave the way for a zero-protection system even for applicants fleeing mass human rights violations and generalized violence in Syria, Somalia, or Afghanistan, Human Rights Watch said.
Some of the problematic elements in an earlier version of the bill published in February have been removed from the new version, including describing assistance to asylum seekers and migrants as a threat to national security. Earlier versions also gave the interior minister wide discretion to select organizations the minister favored to work with migrants. But by criminalizing working with asylum seekers and migrants, the new version is arguably more problematic, Human Rights Watch said.
The Hungarian government has cracked down on independent groups reporting on human rights issues, including the abuses migrants and asylum seekers face at Hungary's borders. There are serious concerns that the criminal offense is being introduced as another tool to silence these groups and to prevent victims of human rights violations from being able to reach out to anyone to document the abuses or help them seek redress. People working for the few groups still able to provide essential services, such as legal counselling or providing information about migrants' rights and responsibilities, could face criminal prosecution.
While the rationale of the new law is that these measures are necessary to fight “illegal immigration,” the bill punishes activities that are legitimate and necessary, especially in a country whose government is systematically dismantling its asylum system. Hungary's current migration and asylum laws and policies already breach European Union law and international refugee and human rights law.
The draft bill would also give the police the authority to bar anyone suspected of “enabling illegal immigration” from the border areas. This could lead to effectively banning anyone from the areas where migrants and asylum seekers are subjected to abuse at the hands of Hungarian authorities, including Human Rights Watch researchers, and staff from international agencies. The United Nations refugee agency, UNHCR, has already called on the Hungarian government to withdraw the bill.
Simultaneously, the government has also submitted a proposal to amend the country's constitution, banning the “settlement of foreign populations” in the country without specific, individualized permission by a national authority. This measure is likely to result in Hungary's continuous veto against any relocation and resettlement schemes within the European Union.
The proposed Seventh Amendment to the Fundamental Law would also specify that people arriving to Hungary through a “safe third country” will not be eligible for refugee protection.
The constitutional amendment would also undermine the ability of the judiciary to review the new laws by specifying that judges should primarily use the legislator's official reasoning when interpreting the law. The provision would undermine meaningful constitutional review, Human Rights Watch said.
“Governments have a responsibility to secure their borders, but the true purpose of Hungary's proposed changes is to silence critics, remove its abuses against migrants from oversight and accountability, and evade the country's responsibility to refugees,” Ward said. “The European Commission needs to activate Article 7 of the European Union treaty, which is designed to deal with governments that put the Union's values at risk.”
Mahira Khan was on cloud nine when she was offered Shahrukh Khan's Raees. It was a dream Bollywood debut for the Pakistani actress.
While talking about the Shahrukh Khan starrer, Mahira Khan recently said that she felt like being punched in the stomach.
We All Have Gone Through Failures Mahira spoke at length about her failures in life during a lecture at a university, reported Dawn. "The truth is that we have all gone through failure.'' I Have Experienced It Personally & Professionally ''I have personally as well as professionally experienced failure. "I was advised by many people to not accept the role in ‘Bol' (Pakistani film) as it was a small one but my gut feeling told me otherwise.'' My Name Was Missed From Bol Credits ''I also decided to act in the serial ‘Humsafar' on my gut feeling. There are no repeats of your first film, but somehow my name was missed as the ‘Bol' credits scrolled in front of me.'' Raees Teaser Said ‘Introducing Mahira Khan'... ''Then for ‘Raees', even though the teaser said ‘Introducing Mahira Khan'.'' I Felt Like Being Punched ''I felt like being punched in the stomach when there was no such credit in the film itself.'' I Was Banned In India "Then when it was released, I was banned in India and the film was banned in Pakistan.'' Big Thing To Work In A Foreign Film "It is a big thing to work in a foreign film. I pray I get my introducing credit when I work in an Iranian film. Failure is knowledge and knowledge is success. So it is a win-win. We actors know how to paint smiles on our faces and carry on, I did too.'' I Used To Dream Of Working With SRK "I was dreaming of wearing a sari and dancing like Madhuri Dixit. I also used to dream of working with Shahrukh Khan. I did nothing to make it happen. I only dreamed and believed in my dreams," she said.
Also Read: Twinkle Takes A Dig At Salman Khan & Shahrukh Khan After The Success Of Akshay Kumar's Toilet?
The TRP/BARC ratings for the week 4 (January 20 to January 26) are here. Colors TV rules the roost, while Star Bharat has jumped to the second spot pushing Zee TV to the third place. Star Plus and Sony TV retain fourth and fifth spots, respectively.
Zee TV's Kundali Bhagya and Kumkum Bhagya are back at the first and second places, respectively. Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai has dropped down to the 10th place and Ishqbaaz is out of the TRP race.
Check Out The Latest BARC Ratings: Urban (Impressions in 000s)
Top 10 Channels
1. Colors - 407749
2. Star Bharat - 337123
3. Zee TV - 328662
4. Star Plus - 310185
5. Sony TV - 306897
6. SAB TV - 287043
7. Sony Pal - 189592
8. Zee Anmol - 165100
9. Star Utsav - 156461
10. Rishtey - 124004
Top 20 Shows
1. Kundali Bhagya (Zee TV) - 7359
2. Kumkum Bhagya (Zee TV) - 6606
3. Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah (SAB TV) - 6574
4. Super Dancer (Sony TV) - 6052
5. Shakti - Astitva Ke Ehsaas Ki (Colors) - 5630
6. Rising Star (Colors) - 5548
7. Yeh Hai Mohabbatein (Star Plus) - 5532
8. Udaan (Colors) - 5528
9. Ishq Mein Marjawan (Colors) - 5088
10. Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai (Star Plus) - 5030
11. Nimki Mukhiya (Star Bharat) - 4828
12. Tu Aashiqui (Colors) - 4520
13. Star Bharat's Kya Haal Mr Paanchal - 4513
14. Shani (Colors) - 4454
15. Dil Se Dil Tak (Colors) - 4379
16. Tu Suraj Main Saanjh Piya Ji (Star Plus) - 4178
17. Laado Veerpur Ki Mardani (Colors) - 4072
18. Naamkaran (Star Plus) - 4005
19. Zindagi Ki Mahek (Zee TV) - 3849
20. Mahakali Ant Hi Aarambh Hai (Colors) - 3806
For all the buzzing scoop from the world of entertainment,
The hip-hop community (and most of the world for that matter) is currently captivated by the rap beef between Pusha T ea and Drake, but at the center of the battle is an alleged secret so monumental it threatens Drake's character and career.
MUST SEE: The Most Wild (and Funniest) Twitter Reactions to Pusha T's Drake Diss
In case you missed it, there's been a longstanding, yet subliminal beef brewing between Drake and Pusha T that all boiled over when Pusha dissed Drake for having a ghostwriter. Drizzy shot back on the venomous Duppy Freestyle, taking aim at Pusha's producer Kanye. But it was seemingly Drake's mere mention of Pusha's fiance Virgina Williams that led to the most ferocious lines on Pusha's vicious The Story Of Adidon.
“Since you name-dropped my fiancée/ Let 'em know who you chose as your Beyoncé/ Sophie knows better, ask your baby mother/ Cleaned her up for IG, but the stench is on her,” Pusha ferociously rapped; leading to a major revelation.
“Adonis is your son/ And he deserves more than an Adidas press run, that's real.” Drake allegedly fathered a baby with porn star Sophie Brussaux and reportedly planned on revealing the news with his Adidas line titled Adidon.
Rumors about Drake and Brussaux's relationship stem back to 2017 when they were photographed together. Brussaux began posting on Instagram later that year announcing her pregnancy.
#BabyAdonis #MySon #MyLove 😁 A post shared by Sophie Brussaux (@sophiebrussaux) on Oct 19, 2017 at 9:21am PDT
Let 'em know who you chose as your Beyoncé/ Sophie knows better, ask your baby mother
Cleaned her up for IG, but the stench is on her,” Pusha charges.
While it remains unconfirmed if baby Adonis is indeed Drake's son, there's another woman involved in this beef. Drake's mother was dragged into the verbal lashing.
“Your father walked away at five, hell of a dad thing/ Marriage is somethin' that Sandi never had, Drake/ How you a winner, but she keeps comin' in last place?”
Women have become collateral damage in the beef between Drizzy and Pusha, leaving fans posing the question, how much is too much when it comes to rap battling?
What say you readers, should the women be left out if it?
RELATED STORIES:
Drake Brings Out Issa Rae, Tracee Ellis Ross, Tiffany Haddish, Misty Copeland And More For “Nice For What” [Video]
God's Plan: Drake Spent His Nearly $1 Million Video Budget On The People Of Miami
Women Have Become Collateral Damage In The Drake & Pusha T Beef was originally published on hellobeautiful.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
A valley dispensary has rolled out the first legal marijuana farmers market in the country and it's put several valley marijuana businesses on display. (Faith Tanner / FOX5)
A valley dispensary has rolled out the first legal marijuana farmers market in the country and it's put several valley marijuana businesses on display.
The Underground marijuana farmers market is open every Friday and Saturday inside Acres Dispensary. Customers can shop for fresh greenery from nine different cannabis businesses that are all based in Las Vegas.
Acres Dispensary CEO, John Mueller, said it's about giving customers a better understanding of the different types of products, flowers, buds and brands available.
"We're all about the education and telling people why this product matters to them and why their products better versus another one, so it's all about the experience for the customer," Mueller said.
The farmers market lets pot producers showcase their products to both locals and tourists.
"It's awesome for the community it's awesome for our industry as well and it's helped us tremendously in terms of the marketing aspect and getting in front of the customers being able to tell them about our products and introduce them to them," Nicholas Lemoine with KIFF Premium Cannabis said.
Customers said it's a special opportunity to learn and buy straight from the source.
"They have a lot of information so they know a lot and that's the best part about it, is you know that they're telling you stuff that you don't get from a lot of people because they know and grow it," one customer said.
The Underground farmer's market is open every Friday and Saturday from 11 a.m. until 7 p.m.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The workforce is being transformed via smart machines and other technologies but the U.S. isn't preparing workers for these changes, according to a new report from a task force of the Council on Foreign Relations.
The group says that “governments, businesses, educators, and other institutions need to do far more to help Americans adapt and thrive in the face of these disruptive forces.”
These forces will affect as many as one-third of American workers by 2020, according to a report by McKinsey Global Institute.
The task force, co-chaired by former Michigan Governor John Engler and former U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker, notes “that rapid technological change, heightened global competition, and growing barriers to opportunity have weakened the link between work and rewards. While new opportunities will likely be created to replace those lost, American workers face substantial obstacles in acquiring the education and skills needed to prosper in a more automated work environment.”
The group offers some recommendations:
--Help Americans take advantage of the opportunities posed by technology. “Technology has been the biggest cause of job disruption in recent decades, and the pace of change is likely to accelerate. . . . Occupations that are especially vulnerable include manufacturing, food service, and retail trade,” but many other sectors will also be affected. “Many of the new jobs being created will require significantly higher levels of education and skills.”
--Strengthen the link between education and employment. “The challenge is not just providing more education but providing better-targeted education that leads to better work opportunities. . . . The goal should be to link educational offerings more closely with employment outcomes, in particular by expanding apprenticeships, work-study programs, and internships to strengthen the link between education and work. New initiatives are also needed to improve affordability and access to postsecondary education, and to encourage lifelong learning.”
-- Spur job creation, especially for better-paying jobs. “Most of the advanced economies have seen rising inequality in wage earnings and a falling labor share of income. But the polarization has been more extreme in the United States than in other similar economies. The best antidote to these polarizing trends is a strongly growing economy that is at or near full employment.” Employers should commit themselves to creating a “high-road workplace” that offers employees decent pay, training, scheduling, and benefits.
-- Make the skill demands of jobs more transparent. Employers should work with governments and educational institutions to improve credential quality. “Improvements in credential quality and transparency will also feed back into the educational choices of young people, helping companies to develop the talent pipelines they need.” Many “employees who could do the jobs that are open are not in the right places, have earned credentials that are not recognized, or are not being hired even though they have the right capabilities for the job.”
-- Provide better help for displaced workers. The United States spends just 0.1%t of gross domestic product, roughly one-fifth of what the average European country spends, on training and assistance for those who have lost jobs. The United States needs to emulate the best models for helping displaced workers.
-- Improve the benefits and returns from work for all Americans. “Workers in alternative arrangements—including independent contractors, freelancers, temporary employees, and gig economy workers—now make up some 16% of the total U.S. workforce, a figure that has grown by half over the last decade . . . . The United States should create portable systems of employment benefits tied to individual employees rather than to the jobs themselves.”
-- Understand that the problems will not be solved by Washington alone. “To underscore the urgency of the task of building the workforce of the future, the president and the nation's governors should create a National Commission on the U.S. Workforce to carry out research, share best practices, and conduct public outreach on workforce challenges. This should be the start of an ongoing effort to put workforce issues at the center of the national conversation.”
“Even with the reasonably strong job growth of recent years, the divide between those succeeding and those struggling is growing, regional disparities are increasing, economic inequality is rising, and public anger is deepening political divisions,” warns the task force. “The country's future as a stable, strong nation willing and able to devote the necessary resources and attention to meeting international challenges depends on rebuilding the links among work, opportunity, and economic security. A failure to address the nation's workforce challenge “will increase the pressures for retrenchment that are already causing the United States to back away from global leadership.”
For more information on the report and other resources visit The Work Ahead.
A New Jersey police sergeant is being hailed a hero for saving the life of a 2-year-old child who appeared to have nearly drowned at a Florida beach.
Morris Township Police Sgt. Sean O'Hare was on vacation at Clearwater Beach, Florida, Sunday afternoon when he saw some commotion and distress by the shore, the local police department said.
O'Hare realized the stir was over a 2-year-old child that had turned blue and was not breathing after having been pulled from the water.
The cop initiated CPR and was able to resuscitate the child. An update on the child's condition was not immediately available Monday.
In a Facebook post, the Morris Township Police Department praised O'Hare's actions and called him a "true hero."
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Female football fans are a powerful force in the NFL. The league knows it and says it's working hard to bring more women into its organization.
This morning, female leaders in broadcasting, marketing and the NFL held a summit to share their stories with young women hoping to break into the still male-dominated field.
Eleven years ago, Anne Doepner started as a Vikings executive assistant.
“You don't need to play football to understand the collective bargaining agreement,” she said. “I learned to ask a lot of questions.”
She's now their director of football administration.
“Not that there's any animosity there, it's just an education component,” she said. “Getting them used to hearing a woman's voice on the other end of the line and not assuming I'm someone's assistant.”
She joined female NFL COOs and CIOs Friday to talk to students like Kaitlynn Solomon, a senior at the University of Minnesota.
“To hear from women who started off just like you,” she said, “I'm speechless, just thinking about it. These women here have inspired me greatly.”
The NFL estimates women make up 45 percent of its fan base, but serve in 36 percent of the teams' administrative positions and only 20 percent of the teams' leadership positions.
Vikings COO Kevin Warren says he wants to see female head coaches and general managers one day. Right now, 40 percent of the Vikings' vice presidents are women.
“The numbers are continually growing, but we can always do better,” he said. “You make it a point, you make it an agenda item, part of your dna and how your structured.”
They're hoping they show other women that it can be done.
“If you empower women on staff, then that's going to teach everyone else to respect women — not the typical roles they're always in, but as equals and teams players like everyone,” Doepner said.
Within the Vikings organization, women hold four of the 10 vice president positions. They're the chief of staff and heads of finance, legal and human resources and partner activations.
Canadian National Railway Co. will consider selling additional real estate to free up cash that can be plowed back into its network.
Properties in Montreal and Calgary are among the assets that Canadian National could divest in the coming months, interim Chief Executive Officer Jean-Jacques Ruest said Tuesday in an interview in Toronto. The company has already sold about C$150 million ($117 million) of “non-core” assets this month, Chief Financial Officer Ghislain Houle told analysts Monday.
Canada's largest railroad raised its 2018 capital expenditure budget 6.3 percent Tuesday to a record C$3.4 billion in a bid to eliminate bottlenecks and accommodate rising demand for freight after service issues angered customers such as grain farmers. Investments will be concentrated on the western section of the company's network -- from the British Columbia ports of Prince Rupert and Vancouver to Chicago -- where growth is strongest, Ruest said.
Canadian National is looking to sell “primarily real estate,” Ruest said Tuesday in an interview in Toronto after the company's annual meeting. “They're good real estate assets but they don't generate revenue carloads, they don't move freight. So we take that money, cash it out, and deploy it out west where we can move more trains.”
Ruest declined to specify which assets the company would consider selling, or say how much they could fetch.
The additional spending prompted Canadian National to lower its full-year profit target on Monday. Adjusted earnings this year will be C$5.10 to C$5.25 a share, the company said in a statement, 15 cents lower at both ends than the previous projection.
Jackpotting Attacks Make ATMs Spew Out Money
Cybercriminals are hacking cash machines to force them to give out money in what is known as "jackpotting," according to two of the world's largest ATM makers and the US Secret Service.
Diebold Nixdorf and NCR sent out an alert to their customers over the weekend, but did not identify victims or specify how much money had been stolen. The US Secret Service started warning financial institutions that jackpotting was now a risk in the US last week, having started in Mexico last year, according to a confidential alert seen by Krebs on Security.
Diebold Nixdorf said that authorities had warned the company that hackers were targeting its Opteva ATM model, which went out of production several years ago.
NCR said: "This should be treated by all ATM deployers as a call to action to take appropriate steps to protect their ATMs against these forms of attack."
Jackpotting has been rising worldwide in recent years, though it is unclear how much cash has been stolen because victims and police often do not disclose details. Hackers require physical access to the cash machine using specialized electronics and malware to take control, including an endoscope.
Once taken over, the machines can be forced to dispense money at a rate of 40 notes every 23 seconds until it is empty, according to the Secret Service. The only way to stop the machine spitting out cash is to press the cancel button on the keypad.
Criminals have been targeting cash machines in pharmacies, retailers and drive-through ATMs, according to the Secret Service.
Attackers in Mexico have been using variants of the Ploutus malware, first spotted in 2013, according to security firm FireEye. It is believed that US cybercriminals are using similar techniques.
"Once deployed to an ATM, Ploutus-D makes it possible for a money mule to obtain thousands of dollars in minutes," wrote Daniel Regalado, manager of research science for FireEye last year.
Cash machines in more than a dozen countries across Europe were remotely attacked in 2016, according to Russian cybersecurity firm Group IB. Similar attacks were also reported in Thailand and Taiwan.
© 2018 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Read more on: Cybercrime, Hackers, Malware, ATM, FireEye, Cybersecurity
Constable: '35 Cubs knew how to jump-start a season
hello
In 1935, when the Cubs were floundering in fourth place on July Fourth, Cubs fans such as mobster Al Capone, shown here getting an autograph from legendary Cubs catcher Gabby Hartnett, might have bet that the Cubs wouldn't make it to the World Series. But those Cubs won 21 straight games to win the pennant. Associated Press
For every other year of our lives, looking at the baseball standings on June 15 to discover our Cubs in the hunt for first place would inspire championship dreams.
"Wow! Only a game under .500 and in second place, the Cubs still could be in first place for Father's Day," we would note, marveling at the lack of a June swoon. "If that promising young player (Pete LaCock, Andre Thornton, Tye Waller, Mel Hall, Jerome Walton, Bobby Hill, Matt Murton, Ryan Theriot) lives up to his potential, the Cubs are going to win the division!"
But last year's World Series championship changed us. Our World Series T-shirts haven't even picked up their first mustard stain yet, and we're already booing our heroes and entertaining thoughts of dumping players and rebuilding the team after the Cubs blew a 4-1 lead and lost 9-4 Wednesday to the hated New York Mets.
As lifelong losers, we looked at a game or two gaps as a minor speed bump on the road to a championship. As champs, we see that same deficit as a sign that the sweet ride is over. Perhaps fans need a history lesson from the 1935 Cubs.
The Cubs went to the World Series in 1932 behind solid players such as Gabby Hartnett and Stan Hack, and pitching ace Lon Warneke. But they were swept by a N.Y. Yankees team that boasted Lou Gehrig and Babe Ruth. The Cubs had a couple of pretty good years after that, but weren't good enough to get back to the World Series. Many of those 1932 Cubs players were still on the roster for the 1935 season.
The Cubs season so far has been as inconsistent as rookie Ian Happ's play. In Tuesday's victory over the New York Mets, Happ was 1-5 at the plate with four strikeouts, but he also hit a clutch grand slam homer. - Associated Press
Fans probably were a little frustrated as the Cubs spent most of the season mired in mediocrity in the middle of the pack. In sixth place as April was drawing to a close, the Cubs put together a couple of winning streaks to pull into third place for most of May. But losing seven of 10 games dropped them into fourth as June began.
A four-game losing streak dropped the Cubs into fifth place, and you couldn't blame fans for thinking their World Series champs were back to being lovable losers.
After losing a July Fourth doubleheader to the St. Louis Cardinals at Wrigley, and dropping the first game of a road trip 4-0 in Pittsburgh, the Cubs were 38-32, in fourth place and 10.5 games behind the first-place New York Giants on July 5, 1935.
Only the most optimistic Cubs fan could envision a good end to the season. Not only did the Cubs need to make up 10.5 games, they would have to climb over three good teams ahead of them, including the defending World Champion Cardinals.
But the Cubs put together an eight-game winning streak to climb into third place. They got hot along with the weather in July to win 11 of their last dozen games and close July in second place, just a half-game behind the Giants. And you think the rest would be easy. But that Cubs team quickly disappointed fans. Still scuffling along, the Cubs dropped consecutive home games to the Cardinals and fell to third place, 3.5 games out of first on Aug. 10.
In some seasons, the playoffs are pretty set by Labor Day. After the Cubs split a doubleheader against the Cincinnati Reds at Wrigley Field on Sept. 2, the team was mired in third place with just 23 games left in the season and the powerhouse Cardinals having taken over first place. Any Cubs fans who gave up on that team were wrong to lose faith.
The Cubs beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-2 on Sept. 4 at Wrigley. Then the Cubs won back-to-back 3-2 walk-off thrillers in extra innings the next two games. Something magical was happening. The Cubs won 4-0, 2-1 and 15-3. Their 11th straight win, an 18-14 slugfest against the Brooklyn Dodgers, moved the Cubs into first place. Another 10 consecutive wins gave the Cubs such a cushion that it didn't matter a whit when they fell 7-5 to the second-place Cardinals in extra innings and dropped the last game of the season 2-1.
The Cubs' record 21-game win streak turned a mediocre season into a World Series appearance. So if the current slump continues and the Cubs fall to 10.5 games back in fourth place by July 5, don't give up.
After her glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning her "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after she endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of her hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while she lavishly mourns the loss of her coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. She pops the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. She pours hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. He may have fought totalitarianism all his life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was his way or the highway. His popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," he declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, he could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, his widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which she affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish her. And so Ono allowed him to make the tea his way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and she says you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear she taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. She has the great Beatle on her side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up her 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds she was putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, her "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which she nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke her trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit she was dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, she could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
Summer's beers
“SelfieBrau Berliner Weisse: you can really taste the Lactobacillus!”
By Tom Morgan
While it may not be summer quite yet, summer beer is already hitting the shelves. You are undoubtedly still working your way through all those remaining winter and spring beers crowding your fridge, but there's no time like the present to just ignore those leftover fridge turds and start sampling all that new, sexy summer beer that is coming out. After all, at some point, you're going to need to showcase some solid beer selections for that summer cookout or long lazy weekend get-together with friends that you're already planning. So let's get your summer beer knowledge sorted out and your summer beer game up to par. Because mixed six-packs of off-season and random leftover beers are for fall parties when no one is paying attention, not prime time summer events. Summer means it is time to bring the A game. With that in mind, here are some summer beers that will properly impress your friends.
First up are IPAs and IPA varietals. It wouldn't be summer without a gratuitous overuse of hops in one form or another. I know that sounds sarcastic, but it's not. Besides cloudy Northeast IPAs with tons of citrus and juice flavor and very low bitterness, there are a fair number of IPAs with actual fruit in them, as well as session IPAs. Basically, there is an IPA in one form or another for every palate out there. While bitterness was previously the definitive norm of the style, now hop flavor and aroma are performing the lion's share of the work. Local NEIPA favorites include Yellow Springs Brewery's Boatshow, and pretty much any of the numerous NEIPA offerings from Cincinnati's Listermann Brewing Company. Gratuitous overuse of hops indeed. For fruited IPAs, classic examples include Ballast Point Grapefruit Sculpin and Dogfish Head Aprihop, but the fruit du jour of this year's summer IPA bonanza is still up in the air. Mango, peach, blood orange, and grapefruit are always usual suspects, but here's hoping for a fruit wildcard. Finally, session IPAs are your basic IPA meets lawnmower beer combination. I'm in love with Stone Go To IPA, but it is often harder to find on the regular. My consolation comes in the form of either Oskar Blues Pinner, which is dank and dreamy, or Founders All Day IPA. I've recently been grooving on Lord Hobo's Session IPA, but that is in part because I like saying “Lord Hobo.”
Next up are Goses, Berliner Weisses, and Radlers. I've put these three together because all three are quintessentially summer-themed: bright, tart, crisp, and crushable, in part via the lower ABV found in most of them. While Goses and Berliner Weisses are sour beers via the inclusion of Lactobacillus, Radlers often have similar flavors through the use of citrus; traditional Radlers were a mixture of beer and lemonade. The main distinction between Goses and Berliner Weisses is the inclusion of salt in Goses, which mimics the water chemistry of the area in Germany where this style emerged. I understand that the idea of salt in a beer probably sounds weird to most of you. But try one. You'll get over that Mr. Yuk face quick. Trust me. There is a reason the style is one of the darlings of craft beer right now. As with IPAs, there are numerous fruited versions of both Goses and Berliner Weisses that use fruit flavors and tartness to create a beer that goes down easy like Sunday morning.
Currently, Goses are ubiquitous in the world of craft beer. To use a time worn phrase, you can't swing a dead cat without hitting at least a half dozen of them. If I had to recommend a couple, I would start with Anderson Valley, both their regular and blood orange versions, and Victory's Kirsch Gose with sour cherries, which is equally dreamy. But I'd also go sort through several of them yourselves. You'll be happy to do. In regards to Berliner Weisses, classic examples worth trying to include Bell's Oarsman, which can be found in a can, as well as Dogfish Head's Festina Peche, a version that includes peaches. A good Radler is a bit harder to come by. There is the classic Stiegl Radler, and Boulevard had a couple different versions last year, including Cranberry Orange and Ginger Lemon.
Finally, we've got any beer with “summer” in the name. In case you hadn't noticed, American craft brewing prides itself in flaunting conventions and ignoring or breaking traditions, enough so that articles like this one often appear rather ridiculous given the number of beer styles that include “summer” in their name. You know, something about shaking up the status quo and being insouciant. Can I get an amen? No? Anyway, this particular designation covers all the rest of the possibilities, and while it may feel rather lazy on my part, you should experiment widely and broadly with these types of beers. I don't know which of these beers I will end up liking, but I will give a shout out to Brooklyn Summer Ale, which is plain, simple, and delicious. And Sierra Nevada Summerfest Czech-style Pilsner deserves some love, as does Victory's Summer Love, which is refreshing and unpretentious.
I hope this helps get your summer beer game rolling. Get out there, get sampling, and get your summer on!
A good samaritan rescued a deaf neighbor from a fire in Las Vegas Tuesday night, according to Las Vegas Fire and Rescue.
Crews responded to the incident at 11:17 p.m. in the 4500 block of Mark Avenue near Decatur Boulevard and Lake Mead Boulevard.
The department said arriving crews saw heavy flames and smoke behind a two-story home. Firefighters said the bulk of the fire was outside in the yard, but it was also burning up the side of the home and entered the house on the second floor. Crews had the blaze under control in 15 minutes.
The department said a senior couple lives in the home. One person was home at the time and she is deaf, the department said. She did not know that the outside of the house was on fire until a neighbor broke in and showed it to her through a window. Both were able to escape without injury.
A firefighter sustained a cut which required medical attention at the hospital, the department.
The department said it appeared the fire started outside and moved into the house The area where it possibly started has a high amount of trash which probably contributed to the intensity of the fire, the department said.
An investigation is ongoing.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Judge issues warrant to arrest ex-NBA player Ben Gordon A Manhattan judge issued an arrest warrant Wednesday for ex-NBA player Ben Gordon after the one-time star failed to appear in court on a traffic violation. Judge Angela Badama issued...
Ex-NBA star graduated from forgery to robbery in a week: cops Ben Gordon can't seem to stay out of trouble. The ex-NBA star was arrested in Los Angeles on robbery charges over the weekend after allegedly assaulting and flashing a knife...
Former NBA star Ben Gordon arrested during NYC traffic stop Former NBA star Ben Gordon was arrested during a car stop in Manhattan Sunday night for driving with a forged license plate, police said. The one-time Sixth Man of the...
Ever since Anurag Kashyap has heard the news of CBFC chairman Pahlaj Nihalani being replaced by adman-lyricist Prasoon Joshi, he can't contain his happiness and while, talking to HT, he said, "Something you've been waiting for, and it suddenly happens, it's like wow! Did this really happen? And that, too, before my film came out."
Talking about Prasoon Joshi, he said, "I might disagree with the things [Prasoon Joshi] says or does sometimes, but not all the time. Also, he's a very open person. What is amazing is that a dialogue is possible."
"See, the government that will come in -any government, Congress or BJP - will always hand over institutions to people who're kind of aligned with its ideologies."
Sushant Singh Rajput BREAKS SILENCE On Being Tagged As An 'ARROGANT' Actor!
"I believe there should be no censorship and only certification, and I believe Prasoon Joshi is the kind of person who believes in that, because he has often talked about it," said Anurag.
Recalling his traumating experience with Pahlaj Nihalani, he said, "Pahlajji was like a darbar (court) who'd sit down and make you stand and talk for three hours and lecture you how he's better than you."
"It's a very humiliating process that every filmmaker went through. It wasn't a dialogue but only a monologue, where he would be the one talking; and he'd tell you what to do. There would be subtle threats and this and that... You have no idea what kind of relief this is!"
Unravel Named as the Report's only Application Performance Management (APM) Provider
MENLO PARK, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Unravel Data, the only application performance management (APM) platform for simplifying big data operations (DataOps), today announced that it has been included in Gartner's March 2017 Market Guide for Hadoop Operations Providers. The report states, "Scaling Hadoop from small, pilot projects to large-scale production clusters involves a steep learning curve in terms of operational know-how that many enterprises are unprepared for."
"Big Data offers extraordinary insights for organizations of all types, but running big data applications efficiently in production systems is still very complex," said Kunal Agarwal, CEO of Unravel.
Key findings from the report outline the drivers of this complexity, including:
"The proliferation of processing engines and applications within Hadoop are further compounding operational complexity. It is also forcing data and analytics leaders to rethink their deployment choices and operational practices."
"Public cloud is becoming a popular deployment choice for Hadoop data lakes due to the evolution of turnkey services and provider-supported availability, the ability to scale compute and storage up and down rapidly and independently, and the flexibility to choose a wide variety of compute, storage and networking infrastructure."
Unravel was built to simplify Big Data operations. More specifically, to enable moving apps from pilot to production at any scale with a small operations team; to deploy apps in a hybrid cloud while minimizing costs; and to run apps reliably across a diverse set of engines and platforms with guaranteed SLAs.
Unravel recently introduced its version 4.0 in March (available now), which included a new set of features for improving Big Data operations, such as:
Intelligent APM for all types of big data applications - provides automated insights and in depth real-time visuals to detect, diagnose and resolve issues such as failed, slow, stuck applications. Supports ETL, analytical, SQL, machine learning and streaming applications.
Automatic actions for ongoing operations issues - automatically detects and resolves issues such as missed SLAs, runaway applications, service degradations and bad configurations settings.
Support for on-premises, cloud, and hybrid environments - Unravel works for all cloud, on-premise and hybrid environments. It also provides multi-cluster support allowing operations teams to analyze all performance data in one place.
Disclaimer
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Availability
Unravel 4.0 is available now. Companies such as Autodesk and YP.com are using Unravel Data to manage and optimize their production Big Data systems. Unravel Data is available immediately for on-premises, cloud or hybrid Big Data deployments. Unravel Data currently supports Hadoop, Spark and Kafka, with plans to add support for other systems such as for data ingestion (Storm, Flume), NoSQL systems (Cassandra, HBase) and MPP systems (Impala, Drill). Unravel Data fully supports secure deployments with Kerberos, Apache Sentry, Encryption, etc. For more information and a free trial, please visit http://unraveldata.com/free-trial/.
Additional Information
Data sheet: http://www.unraveldata.com/datasheet.pdf
Case studies: http://www.unraveldata.com/resources
About Unravel Data
Unravel Data is the Application Performance Management (APM) platform for big data applications. Unravel Data is the one APM tool big data operations (DataOps) teams will ever need to optimize, troubleshoot, and analyze performance. We didn't just build another monitoring tool for big data, we re-invented APM to being full-stack, intelligent, and autonomous. Unravel Data guarantees the reliability of apps, maximizes cost savings (across storage, compute, and users), and improves productivity in a self-service DataOps environment. Unravel Data supports all big data applications such as ETL, analytics, machine learning, SQL and streaming, running on popular Big Data systems such as Hadoop and Spark for both on-premise and cloud environments. Customers include leading Big Data practitioners such as Autodesk and YP.com.
Unravel Data was founded by Kunal Agarwal and Dr. Shivnath Babu when they experienced the frustration of manually troubleshooting performance problems in Big Data stacks firsthand. Unravel's founding team includes Big Data experts from companies such as Cloudera, Oracle, and Microsoft. Unravel Data has raised a total of $7.2 M in two rounds of funding from Menlo Ventures and Data Elite Ventures.
Copyright Statement
The name Unravel Data is a trademark of Unravel Data™. Other trade names used in this document are the properties of their respective owners.
By RAYMOND SIMPSON
DUANVALE, Jamaica (AP) — Violet Brown spent much of her life cutting sugarcane in the fields around her home in western Jamaica. She attended church regularly, avoids pork and chicken and celebrated her 117th birthday last month.
On Saturday, she is believed to have become the world's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy, born Nov. 29, 1899.
Brown told The Associated Press she is surprised but grateful to have lived this long.
“This is what God has given me, so I have to take it — long life,” Brown said in an interview in her home in the town of Duanvale.
Brown is considered to be the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation, according to Robert Young, director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group, a network of volunteer researchers into the world's oldest people.
Brown has not yet been declared the world's oldest by Guinness World Records, considered to be the official arbiter of the oldest person title but Guinness depends heavily on Young's group. Young said he has met Brown and examined her birth certificate, which was issued by the British authorities who governed Jamaica at the time of her birth.
“She's the oldest person that we have sufficient documentation for at this time,” Young said.
Jamaica's prime minister congratulated Brown on Twitter.
Guinness said it was researching a number of candidates for the new world's oldest person title.
“It can be a uniquely complex and sometimes lengthy process,” Guinness spokeswoman Elizabeth Montoya said. “There is no confirmation of a new titleholder until our thorough processes are complete.”
Brown has two caregivers and spends most of the day resting in the home she shares with her 97-year-old son. She is able to sit up by herself and walk short distances. And while she is hard of hearing, she offered swift, complete responses to questions about her life and family.
The secret to long life is hard work, she said.
“I was a cane farmer. I would do every work myself,” she said. “I worked, me and my husband, over that hill.”
She also credited her Christian faith for her long life.
“I've done nearly everything at the church,” she said. “I spent all my time in the church. I like to sing. I spent all my time in the church from a child to right up,” to today, she said.
Chamath Palihapitiya, Facebook's former vice president for user growth and currently founder and CEO of the Social Capital partnership, was asked last month at a Stanford Graduate School of Business event about digital companies exploiting consumer behavior. Here is the question and Palihapitiya's response, lightly edited for clarity.
Q: You said that this is a time for soul searching in social media businesses, and you were part of building the largest one. What soul searching are you doing right now on that?
PALIHAPITIYA: I feel tremendous guilt. I think we all knew in the back of our minds, even though we feigned this whole line of “there probably aren't any really bad unintended consequences.” I think in the deep recesses of our minds we kind of knew something bad could happen, but I think the ways we defined it were not like this.
It literally is at a point now where I think we have created tools that are ripping apart the social fabric of how society works.
If you feed the beast, that beast will destroy you. If you push back on it, we have a chance to control it and rein it in, and this is a point in time where people need a hard break from some of these tools and the things that you rely on. The short-term dopamine-driven feedback loops that we have created are destroying how society works: No civil discourse, no cooperation, misinformation, mistruth. And it's not an American problem — this is not about Russian ads — this is a global problem.
So we are in a really bad state of affairs right now in my opinion. It is eroding the core foundations of how people behave to and between each other, and I don't have a good solution. My solution is: I just don't use these tools anymore, I haven't for years. It's created huge tension with my friends, huge tensions in my social circles. If you look at my Facebook feed I probably have posted less than 10 times in seven years.
And it's weird — I guess I kind of just innately didn't want to get programmed and so I just tuned it out. But I didn't confront it and now I see what's happening and it really bums me out.
There are examples where there was a hoax in India. People were afraid that their kids were going to get kidnapped, etc. And then there were these lynchings that happened as a result, where people were running around like vigilantes.
Imagine when you take that to the extreme, where bad actors can now manipulate large swathes of people to do anything you want. It's just a really, really bad state of affairs. And we compound the problem. We curate our lives around this perceived sense of perfection because we get rewarded in the short term — signals, hearts, likes, thumbs-up — and we conflate that with value and we conflate it with truth. And instead what it really is, is fake brittle popularity.
That's short term and that leaves you even more vacant and empty before you did it. Because then it forces you into this vicious cycle where you think, “What's the next thing I need to do now? Because I need it back.”
Think about that compounded by 2 billion people, and then think about how people react to the perceptions of others. It's just really bad.
I think Facebook overwhelmingly does positive good in the world. Where I have decided to spend my time is to take the capital that they rewarded me with, and now focus on the structural changes that I can control.
I can control my decision, which is that I don't use this s - -t. I can control my kids' decision, which is that they're not allowed to use this s- -t.
And everybody has to soul-search about what they're willing to do, because you are being programmed. It was unintentional, but now you have to decide how much of your intellectual independence you're willing to give up.
CARROLL COUNTY, Ind. (WISH) — The support continues to grow for the families of the two girls reported missing in Carroll County.
Investigators set up a command post at the Delphi Fire Department Tuesday. We learned a lot of people showed up offering to help in anyway they can to find the girls, 13-year-old Liberty German and 13-year-old Abigail Williams.
In the small town of Delphi, everyone is thinking and praying for the families of two girls. They were last seen Monday.
Alexis Cripe told 24-Hour News 8 German is her cousin.
“She was my cousin and she was very sweet loving played and swim was very good,” said Cripe.
Cripe described Liberty and Abigail as best friends. She said the two did everything together. They all attended the middle school in Delphi.
“Abby she's very funny, she's kind of shy, she's very sweet, she played sports with Liberty,” said Cripe. “She sat next to me in some of my classes.”
Many people in the community still have a lot of questions as to what happened. Matt Mackein runs Wallmanns Quality Foods. He said everyone is talking about the girls.
“Being this small of a group, everybody that comes into the store we pretty much know their names so it hits people pretty hard,” he said.
Later in the evening, many people attended a community prayer vigil at Delphi United Methodist Church. The service was not open to the media cameras. The community prayed.
“I know to the family and friends you know our Hearts go out to you and we hope you can make it through this time most of us will be here to help,” he said.
The superintendent for Delphi Community School said counseling services for students will be available throughout the district.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
HONOLULU (CBSMiami/AP) — With his last presidential vacation behind him, President Barack Obama is heading into the last stretch of his presidency and is looking to tie up loose ends before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with just two-and-a-half weeks left. His final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said he'll deliver a valedictory speech on Jan. 10, following a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before his loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last meeting with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
(TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
After winning just one game in the NBA Finals, the Cleveland Cavaliers, many analysts say, are woefully undermanned when it comes to beating the Golden State Warriors in a series.
Well, maybe, maybe not.
Here's a little food for thought: As dominant as the Warriors were, the Cavs easily could have won Game 3 and trailed by just three points in the fourth quarter of Game 5 – despite a pair of subpar games from Kevin Love, who combined for 15 points on 3-of-17 (.176) shooting, including 1-of-10 (.100) from three, in those losses.
Yes, if Love and a few other Cavs made a few more plays, the NBA Finals might still be unfolding.
“I don't think (the Cavs are) that far away,” Warriors play-by-play voice Tim Roye said on CBS Sports Radio's Ferrall on the Bench. “I understand how people think it's bad, but to me, this is the way the league is. Chicago got to the Finals in the East six of eight times – and the only times they didn't was when Jordan was with the Birmingham Barons.”
Examples of NBA dynasties are many: the Minneapolis Lakers of the '50s, the Boston Celtics of the '60s, the (Los Angeles) Lakers and Celtics of the '80s, the Chicago Bulls of the '90s – the list goes on.
“I think this league's always been about star power,” Roye said. “I think in this case, the Warriors planned and the spike in the cap and their contracts were handled in a way that they had a chance to get Durant and they got him. So now the rest of the league has to figure out a way. But the ratings were the best since '98 in the Finals on the TV side. I think even though we love parity, we always preach for parity, but I think we also like excellence and we root for excellence sometimes. We like the rivalries. I think deep within our basketball souls we kind of crave that, even though on the outside we want everybody to have a chance to win.”
As it stands, it's difficult to envision any team in West beating Golden State or any team in the East beating Cleveland, at least in the next year or so. After all, the Cavs have LeBron, and the Warriors have four of the best players in the world, all of whom are in their 20s.
“I think they know that they're right in the middle of something special, and I think there will be more than enough money to go around for all four of those guys,” Roye said. “I think they like the fact that they're sparking a debate as to where they stand with the great teams of all time. They have the best regular season record now. They have the best postseason record now at 16-1. So my sense is that they have this sense of history about them and that they will stay together.”
And if they do, it could lead to a decade of dominance.
“I think if they keep their core together, I think they can have this run now for the next five to six years,” Roye said. “All these guys are in their prime right now. It's an unbelievable gathering of these special, talented players. I think they're a threat to win as long as they stay together. I think easily you could look at the next five to six years. I don't think I'm overstating that. If they stay together, they'll be a threat to win every year. I think we're in the middle of the golden run of the franchise.”
Police arrested four men in possession of a rare nuclear substance in its capital Ankara on Monday, according to Turkish broadcaster NTV, The Daily Sabah reports.
The radioactive material in question, Californium, is worth $4 million per gram and is used mainly for nuclear warheads, nuclear energy plants and in the oil and mining industries.
Turkish police captured 1kg 441 gram Californium-252 that worths more than 70 million dollar in Ankara, a very expensive radioactive element used in #nuclear fusion. pic.twitter.com/Rquf1yLdlP — Cemal (@Acemal71) March 19, 2018
Californium is only produced by the US and Russia.The four suspects, believed to be part of a larger criminal organization, reportedly intended to sell 1.4 kg of the material on the black market for $72 million.The seized radioactive material was taken to the Turkish Atomic Energy Authority, the Turkish pro-government Daily Sabah reports.There was no comment from the Turkish Atomic Agency Authority or the police.
Brooklyn prosecutors and lawyers for 10 reputed mobsters squabbled Monday over recordings that will reveal the identities of cooperating witnesses — as a federal judge expressed concern that mismanagement of the tapes could result in those very witnesses getting whacked.
“The concern is the ultimate witness tampering — that a witness actually dies,” Brooklyn federal court Judge Dora Irizarry told the lawyers for alleged acting Bonanno capo Ronald Giallanzo, the nephew of aged and admitted wiseguy Vincent Asaro, and his cohorts.
Giallanzo, 46, and the others were pinched last month on various charges, including loansharking, gambling, kidnapping, and attempted murder.
Prosecutors say the racket has run out of Howard Beach, Queens, for the past 20 years and are requesting that Judge Irizzary issue an order which will allow the defendants to only hear the 21 recordings in the presence of their lawyers so as to deter the evidence passing into the wrong hands.
But “the cat will be out of the bag as soon as we listen to the recordings,” argued lawyer Seth Ginsberg, who represents purported Bonnano soldier Robert Pisani. “Then the identities of these so-called victims will be known.”
Prosecutor Nicole Argentieri countered that, in Howard Beach, a hard-copy recording could make a life and death difference for the victims and their families.
“In this neighborhood, there is a difference between having people call someone a cooperating witness, and then having a tape circulating that proves that,” she said.
Irizarry indicated she will rule “fairly quickly” whether the requested order is necessary.
Giallanzo allegedly became acting cap​o in 2014, after his first cousin, Jerome Asaro, was nabbed and thrown behind bars.
The purported captain soon began making piles of money through stock fraud schemes​ ​–​ ​for which he served 87 months in prison​ ​–​ building a loansharking network worth around $3 million, according to court papers.
While out on bail for his 2006 stock fraud case, Giallanzo and others tried to kill a man he suspected of robbing him, the papers say.
Around the same time, the alleged mobster had an unidentified associate bring him a customer who was behind on his payments and beat the customer until he soiled himself, as Giallanzo screamed “Where's the f—ing money?” authorities say.
The defendants are set to return to court June 23.
US to assign judges, attorney generals to migration caravan cases
Washington DC, Apr 23 (EFE).- The United States Attorney General, Monday ordered to assign prosecutors and judges to immediately deal with cases of undocumented immigrants arriving in the country in the migratory caravan
“I have directed our U.S. Attorneys at the border to take whatever immediate action to ensure that we have sufficient prosecutors available. I have also directed that we commit any additional necessary immigration judges to adjudicate any cases that may arise from this caravan,” Jeff Sessions said in a statement.
These judges and prosecutors will be in charge of processing the detentions and expulsions of the immigrants, a process that can normally take years, during which immigrants are usually authorized to work in the United States.
The attorney general also warned “there is no right to demand entry without justification” and “those who lie or commit fraud will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.”
Besides, the Homeland Security Secretary, Kirstjen Nielsen, announced Monday that the Government is taking a series of measures to ensure that all immigration cases are resolved in the courts as soon as possible.
Nielsen announced sending the US Citizenship and Immigration Service (USCIS) officials to handle the asylum cases and attorneys of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement, which is in charge of detaining undocumented immigrants.
US media reported the arrival in California last week of 50 members of a caravan of Central American immigrants, who traveled through Mexico for weeks and officially ended their trip early April in Mexico City.
The caravan comprised 1,500 people and, as it moved ahead, the US President Donald Trump ordered deployment of the National Guard, a reserve corps of the Armed Forces that currently has some 900 members in the border area, according to official data.
Canadian Judge Denies Bail to Alleged Yahoo Hacker
A judge denied bail Tuesday to a Canadian man accused in a massive hack of Yahoo emails, arguing he had the means and incentive to flee.
Karim Baratov, 22, has alleged ties to Russian agents and access to significant amounts of cash, making him a serious flight risk if freed on bail, a prosecutor said.
Baratov was arrested last month and faces extradition to the U.S. He was indicted in the United States for computer hacking along with three other people, including two alleged Russian intelligence agents.
Justice Alan Whitten denied bail in a written decision, saying Baratov appeared to be highly skilled at hacking and calling the U.S. case extremely strong.
"Baratov is a flight risk. He could instantaneously access the funds," the judge wrote. "He can ply his trade from anywhere in the world."
Baratov looked at his parents and shrugged when he exited the courtroom.
U.S. law enforcement officials call Baratov a "hacker-for-hire" paid by Russian Federal Security Service members. He has Kazakh origins, arriving in Canada in 2007 and becoming a citizen in 2011.
"It would appear that Baratov's activities were quite the cash cow: a million by age 15 and the array of extremely expensive sports cars," the judge said in his ruling. "There is the potential for further income ... Baratov would appear to be a valuable operative for the FSB."
Prosecutor Heather Graham noted earlier that Baratov owned a number of luxury cars and flaunted his lifestyle on social media. She also said he has webmail and PayPal accounts with "large unknown sums of money" accessible anywhere. Graham said police seized about $22,000 ($30,000 Canadian) cash from his home and another $670 ($900 Canadian) from his wallet when he was arrested.
She also said there is evidence Baratov may have been trafficking in identity information. And there are allegations he continued hacking while on vacation in Jamaica.
Graham also noted Baratov faces up to 20 years in a U.S. prison.
"The evidence of Mr. Baratov's connections to Russian officials exponentially elevate the flight risk in this case,' Prosecutor Heather Graham said.
Baratov's parents had offered act as their son's sureties and offered their home but the judge said they were "were obviously prepared to turn a blind eye to" his online activities.
The young man's attorney Deepak Paradkar said the father had agreed to turn off the internet in the family home.
The breach at Yahoo affected at least a half billion user accounts, but Paradkar said Baratov is only accused of hacking 80 to 100 accounts. He said the charges against his client have been "inflated" and said he financed many of his luxury cars.
Paradkar maintains an Instagram account under the name "Cocaine Lawyer" and has often used the hashtag #bestcocainelawyer.
Baratov's other lawyer, Amedeo DiCarlo, arrived to the courthouse again Tuesday in a chauffeured Rolls-Royce.
In a scheme that prosecutors say blended intelligence gathering with old-fashioned financial greed, the four men targeted the email accounts of Russian and U.S. government officials, Russian journalists and employees of financial services and other private businesses, American officials said.
In some cases using a technique known as "spear-phishing" to dupe Yahoo users into thinking they were receiving legitimate emails, the hackers broke into at least 500 million accounts in search of personal information and financial data such as gift card and credit card numbers, prosecutors said.
The case, announced amid continued U.S. intelligence agents' skepticism of their Russian counterparts, comes as American authorities investigate Russian interference through hacking in the 2016 presidential election. Officials said those investigations are separate.
Alexsey Belan, one of the others accused, is on the list of the FBI's most wanted cybercriminals and has been indicted multiple times in the United States. It's not clear whether he or the other two defendants, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, will ever step foot in an American courtroom because there's no extradition treaty with Russia.
The indictment identifies Dokuchaev and Sushchin as officers of the Russian Federal Security Service, or FSB. Belan and Baratov were paid hackers directed by the FSB to break into the accounts, prosecutors said.
Whitten, the judge, noted the evidence against Baratov includes large volumes of emails between Baratov and Dokuchaev, who instructs Baratov as to what email accounts to target. He also noted screenshots sent by Baratov to Dokuchaev, proving that he had successfully hacked the accounts.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of his party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. He said Buhari and his APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit him in London. General Overseer o...
A 73-year-old man has been killed by a minivan while crossing the road in the Bronx on Sunday evening.
Police said Darton Besler was crossing Boston Post Road at about 05.36 p.m. Sunday when he was hit.
Emergency services took Besler to Jacobi Hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
The 29-year-old driver of the minivan stayed at the scene, there have been no arrests and the investigation is ongoing, police said.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Badai Bungalow is undoubtedly one of the most popular television programmes in Malayalam and moreover, it is a show well-connected to the Malayalam film industry, as many of the top celebrities have attended this superhit show. Most recently, Ramesh Pisharody, who is the main host of the show took to his official Facebook page to send out sad news that the show will come to an end after the next couple of episodes.
This had left all the fans of Badai Bungalow hugely disappointed, but now here is another major update regarding Badai Bungalow, which is sure to leave them overjoyed.Actress and television host Arya, who is also a major part of Badai Baungalow, recently came LIVE on Facebook to break this big news.
Arya confirmed that the channel has decided to continue the show and they aren't winding it up. She also added that the official announcement regarding the same will be made through the social media pages of Asianet.
Take a look at the video sent out by Arya..
Well, this definitely has come as happy news for the Malayalam audience and it rightly shows the huge demand that Badai Bungalow has among the audiences. Popular actor Mukesh is also a part of this highly acclaimed show. Along with Mukesh, Ramesh Pisharody and Arya, other artistes like Manoj Guinness, Praseeda are also the prominent members of Badai Bungalow. Earlier, popular actor Dharmajan was also a major part of Badai Bungalow.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
DETROIT (CBSMiami) — It's a moment that warms Jerry Drouillard's heart — a chance to say thank you to the strangers who kept that very same heart beating.
Just eight weeks ago, Drouillard boarded his Spirit Airlines flight from Detroit to Orlando after finishing his final round of radiation treatment for prostate cancer.
“I said, ‘Oh great, I made the flight, I'll take a nap.' And it was almost permanent,” he said.
While waiting for the flight to depart, he suffered a massive heart attack. Jeff Kruger had just finished his CPR class three weeks earlier. So he and flight attendant Ches Harrison were the first to come to Jerry's aide.
“There was no pulse,” Harrison said.
Nurse Sue Niehaus was sitting a couple rows away, so was Katie Yombik, who just happens to be a cardiac care nurse.
“This guy was on his way out,” Niehaus said. “You can tell, and so he got the oxygen on him. I think Katie started the CPR and it was a little exciting. So I had to — I started singing ‘Staying Alive' because they tell you when you do CPR, you sing ‘Staying Alive.'”
Still not responsive, and with paramedics en route, they called for the plane's defibrillator.
“He didn't really wake up but he had a pulse,” Niehaus said.
Medics raced Jerry to the hospital for a quintuple bypass. He says he doesn't remember what happened on the plane.
“This was a real miracle that the people were there. Everything fell into place,” Drouillard said. “I am so happy. Glory to God for this. Here I am.”
Partners and loved ones can deny you nothing at the moment, but this phase will come to an end in a few days, so make the most of it. If there is something you desire, speak up about it now. Those who love you will get it for you.
Facebook Launches Resource To Help Spot Misleading News
Facebook is launching a resource to help you spot false news and misleading information that spreads on its service.
The resource, similar to previous efforts around privacy and security, is basically a notification that pops up for a few days. Clicking on it takes you to tips and other information on how to spot false news and what to do about it.
Tips to spot false news include looking closely at website addresses to see if they are trying to spoof real news sites, and checking websites' "about" sections for more information. Some sites might look like real news at first glance, but their "about" sections inform the visitor that they are in fact satire.
Adam Mosseri, vice president of News Feed at Facebook, said he hopes people will become "more discerning consumers" of news.
The new feature is part of a broader plan by Facebook to clamp down false news stories, which gained outsized attention in the months leading up to the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
False news, of course, was around long before the election. But supermarket tabloids peddling stories about aliens and celebrity miracles are less insidious than, say, "Pizzagate," a false internet rumor that led a gunman to fire an assault weapon inside a Washington pizzeria in December.
Facebook has been "working very hard to figure out how to get their arms wrapped around this," said Lucy Dalglish, journalism dean at the University of Maryland. "Facebook was always very interested technology but not the social and civic implications of technology. It's like they have become citizens."
She praised the company for seeking help from outside experts, including academics, researchers and nonprofit journalism organizations.
The company, for instance, is working with outside fact-checking and media organizations to identify false news as such. And once they are identified, Facebook is trying to dry up the "economic incentives" of false news sites by making it difficult for them to buy ads on Facebook.
Mosseri said most of the false news content on Facebook is from spammers trying to seek a profit and not, for example, political propaganda. This is apparent as the sites often flip-flop around opposing political candidates, for example.
The new feature will be available in 14 countries, including the U.S., Germany, France, Italy, the U.K., Philippines, Taiwan and Brazil.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
MoviePass is a cinephile's dream: For $9.95 a month, you can see one movie a day in the theater. This sweet subscription has attracted more than 1 million paying subscribers, the vast majority of whom have just signed up in the last few months. Yet all these new eager users are confronting an unexpected customer service apocalypse at MoviePass.
Here's how MoviePass works: You choose your movie, time, and theater through its app, and once you arrive at the theater, the app automatically fills a debit card with the ticket fee, which you then buy at the kiosk. This fall, MoviePass dropped its prices from $30 a month to $10, and the discount combined with good word of mouth drove tons of new signups — they went from 20,000 people before the price drop to 1.5 million today. But there are plenty of unhappy customers.
Chris Joseph purchased a gift subscription for his daughter-in-law as a Christmas present, but she never received a registration email. Joseph tried reaching out to their customer service for help. Weeks passed. Eventually he resorted to reaching out over Twitter.
Seth Carson, a New York resident, signed up on Dec. 18, but never received the debit card in the mail. This is one of the most frequent complaints from new subscribers. He sent several messages to customer service through the app, but never heard back. On Feb. 1, he resorted to complaining on MoviePass's Facebook page, where he got a response.
“It's a shame that I only got attention/response from them by reaching out to them on a public forum where others could see the frustration displayed by hundreds of other users,” Carson told BuzzFeed News.
While he waited for his card to arrive, Carson saw Call Me by Your Name, Three Billboards in Ebbing, Missouri, Molly's Game, and All the Money in the World in theaters, paying full price for his tickets.
Amanda Edwards/FilmMagic(NEW YORK) — Actress and former talk show host Ricki Lake has revealed that her ex-husband has died at age 45 after a life-long battle with bipolar disorder.
Lake shared the tragic news by posting a photo of the two of them on Instagram on Tuesday, and captioning it:
“It is with a heavy heart that I share that my beloved soulmate, Christian Evans has passed. The world didn't understand this man, but I did. He succumbed to his lifelong struggle with bipolar disorder. For anyone who has ever lost a family member or friend to mental illness, my heart goes out to you.”
Lake continued, “I am a greater person for having known him and spent the past 6 and a half years of my life with him. He was a man of love and what mends my broken heart today knows that he is finally at peace and his spirit is free.”
She ended with, “Rest in peace, my love.”
The pair got engaged in August 2011 and they eloped in 2012. Lake separated from Evans on October 9, 2014 and she filed for divorce a week later, citing irreconcilable differences. Lake was previously married to Rob Sussman, and they have two sons named Milo, who is 19, and Owen, who is 15.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A Gamesa G80 wind turbine has caught fire at the 10MW Ransonmoor wind farm in Cambridgeshire in eastern England.
The incident occurred in the early hours of 30 May, with firefighters called to the scene at 7.50am.
Related Stories Cambridgeshire Fire & Rescue Service said crews arrived to find the 89-metre turbine "well alight, with debris falling to the ground".
It added: "The crews remained on standby while the fire was left to burn out. No firefighting action was required."
The cause of the fire is still unknown but local media reports suggested the turbine was struck by lightning.
A Siemens Gamesa spokesman said “Siemens Gamesa is aware of an incident at the Ransonmooor wind farm in Cambridgeshire.
“The incident is ongoing at present and it is inappropriate to comment until further details have been established.”
The five-turbine Ransonmoor was installed in two phases between 2007 and 2008 and is co-owned by Ecogen and Thrive Renewables.
The first phase consists of three Gamesa G80 turbines commissioned in 2007 while two Senvion MM82 turbines were built the following year.
Image: Cambridgeshire Fire & Rescue Service
Disha Patani
A news channel posted this caption on their Twitter handle and Disha Patani lost her cool.
Ridiculous Caption
The caption was ridiculous and Disha Patani shot back with a caption that'll make you burst out laughing.
Boss Lady
Disha Patani's reply was total badass and she added a pinch of humour to her reply.
Daring Move
We're sure other Twitter handles will now think twice before posting ridiculous things about Disha Patani.
Baaghi 2
Disha Patani will next be seen in the action movie Baaghi 2 alongside Tiger Shroff.
The Prequel
Baaghi which released in 2016, ended up being a hit at the box office.
Hit Machine
We're sure even Baaghi 2 will end being a superhit at the box office.
Amazing Girl
Disha Patani is such a lovely girl, be it childhood or adulthood, she is always amazing!
Stand Up
It's good to see Disha Patani standing up for what she believes in, folks!
So Beautiful
Doesn't Disha Patani look so beautiful in this picture, peeps?
iStock/Thinkstock(KIEV, Ukraine) — A well-known Russian journalist who fled his home country last year amid a campaign of intimidation was shot and killed at his apartment building Tuesday in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev.
Arkady Babchenko was a celebrated war reporter and a ferocious critic of the Kremlin. His wife found him Tuesday night in his apartment building's stairwell covered in blood after being shot repeatedly in the back, Ukrainian police said.
She called an ambulance but he died before reaching the hospital.
Police said they believe Babchenko was likely targeted because of his work. They released today a sketch of the suspected killer, an unnamed bearded man between 40 and 45 years old.
Suspicion for the killing fell immediately on the Russian security services, Ukrainian officials said. Ukrainian Prime Minister Vladimir Groisman wrote on Facebook that he was “sure the Russian totalitarian machine had not forgiven” Babchenko “his honesty and principles.”
Anton Gerashchenko, a member of Parliament (MP) who works as an adviser to Ukraine's Interior Ministry, said investigators would be looking at “Russian spy agencies' efforts to get rid of those who are trying to tell the truth about what is going on in Russia and Ukraine.”
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov responded by denouncing the Ukrainian accusations, calling the killing a “tragedy.” He accused Ukraine and its “Western handlers” of seeking to use it to stir up anti-Russian feeling, saying it followed a familiar pattern of using such assassinations to frame Russia.
“This fashion,” Lavrov said “is very sad. But, as you see, it suits many people, especially those, like our Ukrainian neighbors, who are taking advantage of the complete impunity coming from their Western handlers.”
The killing is the latest in a string of killings in Kiev in recent years of officials, journalists and soldiers, among them critics of the Kremlin. In March 2017, Denis Voronenko, a former pro-Kremlin Russian MP who had defected to Ukraine, was gunned down in broad daylight in front of a hotel in central Kiev.
In 2016, Pavel Sheremet, a renowned reporter, who was a prominent critic of the Russian and Ukrainian governments, was killed by a bomb placed on his car. A number of Ukrainian military officers have also been killed in bomb and gun attacks in the city in the past two years.
Babchenko, 41, was a highly regarded war correspondent who had himself twice fought in the Russian military in Chechnya during the 1990s. The second time, he had signed up as a volunteer to fight and there began to write. He became a scathing critic of the Kremlin's wars, most recently attacking it over its 2014 seizure of Crimea and invasion of Ukraine and later its intervention in Syria.
His criticisms attracted the fury of pro-Kremlin officials and activists, as well as state media, and for years he endured regular abuse and threats. But in February 2017, he fled Russia after becoming the subject of a particularly intense campaign of public harassment.
It was sparked by a Facebook post in which he criticized Russia's bombing campaign in Syria and the indifference he, therefore, felt toward a Russian army choir that had died in a plane crash. The post prompted a huge backlash, with Russian MPs saying he ought to be prosecuted and state media and pro-Kremlin activists mounting venomous attacks on him as “unpatriotic”.
Writing in an article in the U.K. newspaper, the Guardian, explaining his decision to flee Russia, Babchenko said the campaign “was so personal, so scary, that I was forced to flee.”
“My home address has also been published on the internet, together with an invitation ‘to visit.' I have received threats to me and my family by the thousand – in my email inbox, on Facebook and by phone,” he wrote.
“To cap things off, a pro-government ultranationalist TV channel, Tsargrad, recently released a list of the ‘Top 100 Russophobes' – I'm number 10, and I fought twice for this country. A country I no longer feel safe in.”
Babchenko moved to Prague and then settled in Kiev with his wife and child. He was working for the Crimean Tatar television station, ATR, that was driven out of Crimea after Russia's seizure of the peninsula.
Babchenko had recently reported extensively and critically on the pro-Russian separatists fighting Ukraine's government in the country's east and who are backed by Moscow.
Some of his former colleagues have suggested he could have been targeted by the rebels. With an ongoing war, weapons are abundant in Ukraine and contract killings have become increasingly common.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former opposition Russian MP, who now lives in Kiev as an anti-Kremlin activist, said in the past three days he had heard about three other assassinations ordered against Russian opposition emigres in Ukraine. Ponomarev said he believed former separatist fighters were being recruited to act as killers.
“I'm afraid this is not the last death,” he wrote in a Facebook post.
Babchenko was widely respected in Russia and Ukraine's journalistic communities as an unblinking and remarkably talented chronicler of war. The day before his death, Babchenko published a post on Facebook with a photograph of a military helicopter on which he said he had been invited to fly during fighting in eastern Ukraine in early 2014 but from which had been ordered off at the last minute.
The helicopter was later shot down with all aboard killed. Babchenko wrote he was, therefore, marking the day as his “second birthday.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Thank You Meet
Bharat Ane Nenu team members got together for a media interaction which was tagged as CM Bharat's Thank You Meet. It was attended by all the major cast & crew members of Bharat Ane Nenu. Mahesh Babu, actress Kiara Advani, film-maker Koratala Siva, actor Brahmaji, producer DVV Danayya, music director Devi Sri Prasad & others were present for the Thank-you Meet.
Mahesh Babu
Mahesh Babu is back to the league of blockbusters with Bharat Ane Nenu. While speaking at the function, Mahesh Babu stated that the past two years were indeed stressful and now he is relieved. The actor thanked one and all for the success and the positive reviews that the film has been receiving.
Mahesh Babu About Koratala Siva
Mahesh Babu also had humbling words for Koratala Siva, the director of the movie. He remembered the film Srimanthudu, which marked their first collaboration. Mahesh Babu also added that he went through a similar phase before the release of Srimanthudu but the film later went on to become a big blockbuster and he has repeated the same.
Kiara Advani
Kiara Adani, who has made her debut in Tollywood with this movie was also a part of the function. She stated that it's truly grateful to be a part of a film like Bharat Ane Nenu.
About Mahesh Babu, the actress stated that it's always a treat to work with an actor like him. The actress added that the energy and passion of Mahesh Babu has inspired a newcomer like her a lot.
Mahesh Babu On Twitter
Earlier, Mahesh Babu had sent out a series of Tweets upon the positive reports that the film has been receiving. One of the tweets was read as "Feeling blessed ... Glad I fulfilled the promise of making all of you proud. Thank you @sivakoratala sir for Bharat Ane Nenu. The Success of the film is a victory for all of us and for good cinema above all. Congratulations to my entire team. 😊😊"- (sic)
World Cup Qualifier Highlights – ITV
With two games remaining, England are just two points away from qualifying for next summer's World Cup in Russia, but they will be wary of a stubborn Slovenian side who they meet tonight. Scotland's slender chances of progressing depend on a strong finish to their campaign, beginning with a win against Slovakia at Hampden. Having won their last five matches in a row, Northern Ireland look to continue their rich vein of form against world champions Germany. Jacqui Oatley is joined by Glenn Hoddle, Lee Dixon and Ally McCoist, with commentary on England v Slovenia by Clive Tyldesley and Glenn Hoddle.
If video player not appears in mobile devices. Scroll down to bottom and click "Classic version"
A National City man arrested Tuesday on suspicion of filming women in a Walmart bathroom has been convicted of at least one sexual misconduct charge in Maine.
Richard Shaw, Jr., 52, of National City, was arrested after San Diego Police Department (SDPD) officers found video recordings of women's private areas on his cell phone. The footage was believed to have been taken at a Walmart on Shawline Street just off Clairemont Mesa Boulevard, SDPD Officer Billy Hernandez said.
Shaw has faced several misdemeanor charges in Maine, dating back to 1999, according to the Maine State Bureau of Identification (SBI). In 2002, he was sentenced to probation for "visual sexual aggression against a child," but his probation was revoked for unknown reasons six months later. He spent 270 days in jail.
He served another year in jail in 2004 for a violation of privacy charge, SBI records show. In 2012, he pleaded guilty to a second violation of privacy charge and served probation for one year.
A charge of "sexual unlawful touching" was dismissed in 2011, SBI said.
The circumstances surrounding all charges were not available.
At least two women have been identified as victims of Shaw's alleged recording at the Kearny Mesa Walmart. SDPD said Thursday they were looking for more women who may not have been aware of Shaw's presence at the time.
SDPD asked for any women who used the restroom located at the back of the Walmart between 8:45 a.m. and 9 a.m., 1 p.m. and 1:35 p.m., and 6 p.m. and 6:20 p.m. on Tuesday to call SDPD.
Shaw was caught peeping Tuesday after a woman noticed a camera phone peeking into her stall, Hernandez said. She looked under the stall's divider and saw a man later identified as Shaw.
SDPD officers recovered Shaw's cell phone at the scene. An investigation into the incident revealed that Shaw had hidden in the women's restroom and videotaped several women who were inside the stalls next to where he hid.
Shaw was arrested on charges of lewd and disorderly conduct and invasion of privacy, Hernandez said. He was released after posting bail, SDPD said.
A Walmart spokesperson told NBC 7 they are cooperating with the investigation.
“We find these claims disturbing and we will work closely with law enforcement throughout the course of its investigation. Any other questions must be referred to local police,” Walmart spokesperson Charles Crowson said in a written statement.
The Walmart is part of a shopping center that houses an LA Fitness facility, a Food 4 Less grocery store and a gymnastics training center.
GitHub free account holders can now join developer program
GitHub aims to attract the open source community by opening up the service.
GitHub is opening up its developer program to developers who do not have paid accounts.
The popular code-sharing service is looking to attract the open source community with the move. "That means if your free account was holding you back, you can join the program no matter which stage of development you're in,” said Jared Jones, GitHub Developer Program manager.
Launched in 2014, the GitHub Developer Program has featured a community of 17,000 programmers primarily developing software by using the GitHub API. Opening access to developers without paid accounts could dramatically expand the membership, GitHub's Joe Wadcan, head of business development, acknowledged.
The intent of the program is to encourage developers to integrate with GitHub and improve developer workflow, Wadcan said. Participants receive advance notice on API changes and are invited to events. The program also provides services such as licenses to build and test applications against the GitHub Enterprise iteration of the platform.
Along with expanding access to the program, GitHub is introducing participation levels, all of which are accessible free of charge. The first level, for organizations or member applications with one to 499 users, provides tools to learn about GitHub's API and access the service's integrator community. ("Member applications" refers to applications built by individual users who are not part of a large team or organization.)
Level 2 is for organizations with 500 to 999 persons or member applications with that amount. It offers all the benefits of Level 1 plus GitHub.com credits and network discounts.
Level 3 is for organizations or member applications with 1,000 or more users, and it features all the benefits of the first two levels plus member spotlights, including retweets or preferred placement on GitHub digital platforms. Consulting services for scaling also are featured as part of the third level.
1
Sean Rayford
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley Confirmed as UN Ambassador
The two-term governor faced questions from Democrats over her lack of experience with global affairs but won plaudits from senators for her handling of prickly issues like Russia and UN actions toward Israel during her confirmation hearings.
ERIN, Wis. – While Phil Mickelson's status for the U.S. Open grows increasingly doubtful with each updated forecast, his caddie is still showing up for work on the off chance his boss makes his tee time.
Jim “Bones” Mackay scouted Erin Hills Tuesday, and he planned to walk the course again Wednesday while watching Jordan Spieth. Mackay knows that, given the optimistic weather forecast for the opening round, it's unlikely that Mickelson will receive the estimated four-hour delay that he needs to make it to the course from his daughter's graduation in California.
“I'm going to come to work and expect to do what I would do and go at 2:20 (p.m.),” Mackay said. “Obviously when we're mathematically eliminated, I'll probably call Southwest.”
Mickelson has not missed a U.S. Open since 1993, but that streak appears in dire jeopardy. The Thursday forecast from the Weather Channel calls for only a 20 percent chance of rain with a slim chance of a “stray severe thunderstorm.” Roberto Diaz is the current first alternate and would receive Mickelson's spot should he withdraw.
U.S. Open: Tee times | Full coverage
Mackay has been keeping an eye on the fluctuating forecast all week as he scouts the course, one that he described as “complicated” and one that Mickelson has never seen.
“I think it's kind of toying with you. It's 10 (percent), it's 60, it's 40, it's 20. I don't know what to expect,” he said, referring to the forecast. “We'll see what happens. It'd be nice if it worked out for him.”
Amanda Mickelson's graduation ceremony is scheduled to start at 10 a.m. PT, a little more than two hours before Mickelson is due on the first tee alongside Stewart Cink and Steve Stricker. Mackay expects that Mickelson will at least hop in a plane after the ceremony and start heading east, and at some point “he'll either turn around or he'll come all the way.”
Erin Hills has received plenty of early-week rain, and more is expected in the coming days. But according to Mackay, Mickelson might need a different form of assistance if he is going to have a crack at the tournament that has most eluded him.
“Everyone's been real sweet out there, saying, ‘We're praying for rain.' That's really sweet, but I think we might need lightning,” he said. “If it's raining, these guys are going to go. We want everybody to be safe, but if there was a lightning bolt or two around 1:30 tomorrow, that wouldn't be the worst thing for us.”
French President Emmanuel Macron, right, and his wife Brigitte Macron, left, watch as President Donald Trump kisses first lady Melania Trump during a State Arrival Ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Andrew Harnik AP Photo
Ryan Mayer
Major League Baseball has been doing everything it can think of over the past several years to make the game more appealing to younger viewers. Rule changes designed to cut down on playing time have been inconsistent, as games last year still averaged over three hours. But nonetheless the league is trying to change, which makes the recent report that attendance is down a little more concerning. According to the USA Today, average attendance at games this year leading into Memorial Day Weekend was down six percent when compared to the same time-frame in 2017.
Now, as the commissioner Manfred points out in the piece, weather has certainly been a factor, with 35 games postponed already this year, while another 35 were played with game temps below 40 at first pitch. However, the piece argues, there is one other variable that should be considered. The competitiveness of the team in question.
“Among the teams experiencing drops in home average attendance compared with the day before the holiday weekend last year were Miami (21,641 to 10,603), Toronto (36,869 to 27,707), Baltimore (27,992 to 19,404), Detroit (27,699 to 19,837), Pittsburgh (23,727 to 16,497), Kansas City (26,154 to 19,757), the Chicago White Sox (20,864 to 15,987), Texas (31,940 to 27,198), Cincinnati (21,681 to 17,848) and Cleveland (20,780 to 17,630).”
Of those teams, only the Indians are really expected to compete for a title this year, while the Blue Jays and Pirates could sneak into a Wild Card spot. Every one of the other teams is considered to be in the midst of a rebuilding process, most of which are in the beginning stages. If the trend of attendance continues the way that it has been, MLB would set its lowest average attendance mark in 15 years.
One other trend that has continued in a negative direction for the league is the continued rise of strikeouts. In April, there were more strikeouts than hits (6,656 to 6,360), and May is tracking on the same curve (5,882 to 5,742). While strikeouts are up, home runs, according to the piece, are down from the same point last season. For more on this and other big stories of the week in MLB, check out the video above.
“I struggled early; we both made a couple bogeys early, but I just settled in and starting making the pars and playing solid,” said Piatz.
Michael Melhus had an intriguing week on the course displaying some brilliant shot making that produced low scores, but he also had rounds on the opposite side of the spectrum.
“He wasn't playing his best today,” said Piatz. “I just played steady and made some easy pars. I was putting for a lot of birdies but didn't make a whole lot.”
No. 2 Piatz had one close match on his trip to the finals, a 1-up quarterfinal victory over No. 7 Paul Uithoven. He escaped that match winning without a birdie on the scorecard.
“It's always fun to win here and play here,” he said. “I love this course. It fits my game. I don't hit it far, but I hit it straight. Yesterday, in my quarterfinal match I made 17 pars and a bogey.”
Piatz was second in qualifying finishing one stroke behind medalist Jason Justesen.
He took that momentum into match play recording a 7-5 win over No. 15 Tony Stein and advancing to the finals with the same score in defeating No. 3 Darren Haley.
In the finals, while both players struggled early in changing conditions from mist, to brief stints of sunshine, before rainfall later in the round, PIatz got up by one hole after six and two at the turn and picked up momentum leading 4-up on 13 and closing out the match a hole later. Melhus was unable to get his game going to extend the match.
“That's how it goes out here sometimes,” Piatz said. “Sometimes you run into people making birdies like crazy and you can run into people who are struggling a bit. I was fortunate to be on that side.”
Piatz was consistent off the tee box and set himself up for success playing down the middle all week from a strong showing in qualifying 72-71-143 (+1) to notching a big win on Sunday.
“My driver was good all week,” he said. “I had to punch out one or two times all week. This course is a lot easier if you play from the fairway which I did a lot of. That was the key.”
Piatz earned his first Pine to Palm Mid-Am title in 2013
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. — One person has died Monday afternoon in an apartment building fire in Overland Park, officials say.
The Overland Park Fire Department said the fire, which has now been extinguished, occurred in the 8500 block of Farley Street.
The Lenexa Fire Department and the Johnson County MED-ACT assisted with extinguishing the fire.
Officials have not released any information about the victim or damages to the building.
This is a developing story. FOX 4 will update as more information is available.
OPFD, @LenexaFire & @JoCoMedAct on scene fatality fire 8500 blk Farley. Fire out. More info later. pic.twitter.com/WWmFpCvnFH — Overland Park Fire (@OPFDMedia) December 11, 2017
From The Denver Post
Boulder cyclist settles for 3rd place in inaugural event
DENVER— Alex Howes left the inaugural Colorado Classic clutching a growler of beer courtesy of Denver's Epic Brewing Company, but the Boulder resident's hangover will come from missing out on an epic victory he could almost taste.
RELATED: 303 Contributor Ryan Muncy's Colorado Classic Photo Album –
Stages One and Two
Stage Three
Stage Four
Howes, who estimates he made 500 ascents of Lookout Mountain while growing up in Golden, finished third Sunday in the general classification (overall standings) after four days of racing and was the top American behind Manuel Senni of Italy and Serghei Tvetcov of Romania. Howes won the toughest stage in Breckenridge with a thrilling sprint finish Friday but finished 31 seconds behind Senni on Saturday, and that's where he wound up when the event concluded.
“I came here to win,” Howes said somberly.
RELATED: Check out photographer Reid Neureiter's Colorado Classic photos
Racing for Cannondale Drapac, Howes came out of Breckenridge in a virtual tie for the GC lead but lost the precious 31 seconds on Saturday's 81 mile trip from Denver to the Peak to Peak Highway and back when he and others in the peloton got confusing information about the gap between them and the leaders off the front.
Read the full story HERE
Share this:
Tweet
Roseanne has blamed her racist tweet about Valerie Jarrett on “Ambien tweeting.” The comedian, 65, lost her hit ABC sitcom when it was canceled by studio head Channing Dungey on May 29. Roseanne had tweeted about Valerie Jarrett, a former advisor to President Obama: “Muslim Brotherhood & Planet of the Apes had a baby = VJ.” Jarrett is a black woman who was born in Iran to American parents. After the fallout, which included Roseanne losing her agent, the star tweeted, “guys I did something unforgivable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting — it was Memorial Day too — I went 2 far & do not want it defended — it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please.” Roseanne later deleted that tweet.
The company that makes Ambien, Sanofi US, tweeted in response to Roseanne's defense, “People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.” Roseanne also responded angrily to a reporter from People Magazine who tweeted about blaming the racism on Ambien. Roseanne wrote, “No, I didn't, I blamed myself. stop lying. Yes, I have had odd Ambien experiences on tweeting late at night-like many other ppl do. I BLAME MYSELF OK? it's just an explanation not an excuse, Ok, bully?”
Here's what you need to know:
1. The Most Common Side Effects of Ambien Are Dizziness & Drowsiness
Ambien is among the most commonly prescribed drugs in the U.S. Ambien is the brand name of the drug, zolpidem. The drug's side effects most commonly include dizziness and drowsiness, according to Drugs.com. There are a whole host of less common side effects such as a sleepwalking and memory problems.
In poking fun at Roseanne's defense one Twitter user wrote, “Ask your doctor if blaming Ambien for your racism is right for you.”
Incidentally, George Soros, who is a constant target of Roseanne's political ire on Twitter, was reported in 2011 to own over 200,000 shares of Sanofi, the company that produces Ambien.
2. Far Right Activist Jason Kessler Blamed an Abhorrent Tweet on Ambien
A week after Heather Heyer was tragically killed at the United the Right rally in Charlottesville in Virginia in August 2017, one of the organizers wrote on Twitter, “Heather Heyer was a fat, disgusting Communist. Communists have killed 94 million. Looks like it was payback time.” The author of the tweet was Jason Kessler. The New Yorker reported that Kessler blamed the tweet on being hacked and then on being on Ambien and Xanax. Kessler tweeted in his defense, “I repudiate the heinous tweet that was sent from my account last night. I've been under a crushing amount of stress & death threats. I'm taking Ambien, Xanax and I had been drinking last night. I sometimes wake up having done strange things I can't remember.”
This is the organizer of to Unite the Right rally where Heather Heyer died. pic.twitter.com/MVnJHecLOt — Matt Pearce 🦅 (@mattdpearce) August 19, 2017
The original message led to Kessler being ostracized in the alt-right movement, especially by poster child for the movement, Richard Spencer.
3. Joe Rogan Tweeted Out an Article About the Effects of Ambien; Barr Will Appear on His Show on June 1
After being canceled Roseanne tweeted that she would appear on Joe Rogan's podcast on June 1. Shortly after Roseanne announced her Ambien defense, Rogan tweeted out a Huffington Post article titled, “The Disturbing Side Effect Of The No. 1 Prescription Sleep Aid.” The article details several violent crimes that saw perpetrators claims they were under the influence of Ambien.
It's unclear if Barr will address her co-stars speaking out against her on her Joe Rogan appearance. Michael Fishman, who played Roseanne's youngest son, D.J., tweeted that he was “devastated” by her words. Barr wrote back saying that Fishman had thrown her “under the bus. Nice!” While Sara Gilbert tweeted her disappointment at Roseanne's racism, Barr wrote in reply, “Wow! Unreal.”
4. Sean Penn Was on Ambien During an Infamous 2018 Appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
In March 2018, actor Sean Penn made a bizarre appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. Immediately when Penn sat down he told Colbert, “I'm doing well. You've inherited a little of the Ambien I had to take to get to sleep after a red-eye last night.” Colbert replied, “So, in other words, you're still a little bit on the Ambien train right now?” Penn said, “A little bit.” Colbert then joked that he wouldn't be able to tell the difference to which Penn responded by lighting up a cigarette on stage. The host poked further fun at Penn when he said that Penn was bringing as much energy to the show as Jimmy Carter, who was scheduled to be a guest a few days later.
5. Comedian Patton Oswalt Celebrated Ambien in a Memorable Stand-Up Routine
In a 2010 standup routine, comedian Patton Oswalt celebrated the sleep and dream effects of Ambien. The comedian tweeted in June 2013, “As the Ambien drapes its sleep-shawl over my eyelids, it whispers, “Stay on Twitter. Let the world know my garbled wisdom.” The Huffington Post reported in 2016 that the drug was still a part of Oswalt's routine.
One Denver Nuggets fan was a little too hype when his team won against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday.
Here's what happened…
Right before the buzzer was about to sound, Nuggets player Gary Harris shot a three pointer allowing his team to win against OKC in the nick of time.
One fan was so hype about the play, he decided to run onto the court and rub it in Russell Westbrook‘s face. The OKC player was not having it.
As soon as the fan intruded his space, he shoved him out the way and gave the classic Russell Westbrook face.
This fan got a little too hyped in front of Russ 😳 pic.twitter.com/38kggJ5AIq — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) February 2, 2018
No chill.
Russell had more to say about the matter back in the locker room.
After last night's postgame altercation with a fan, Russell Westbrook wasn't happy. pic.twitter.com/t3L3TTj1hA — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) February 2, 2018
Many on social media acknowledged how lucky the fan was to not get hurt.
i don't know why these cats think they can't get dropped https://t.co/TanAHqWejm — El Flaco (@bomani_jones) February 2, 2018
Next time, they might want to keep their excitement to their seat, or Russell might give them more than a shove.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
By Morgan Flood and Cale Berger
Pat Narduzzi's Pitt Panthers saw their first action of 2017 in the Blue-Gold Spring Game at Heinz Field on April 15th. As Narduzzi enters his third year as head coach, expectations are high for a team that had two wins over Top-5 teams in 2016, while boasting one of the hottest offenses in the country. The Panthers are also attempting to fill huge voids left by the likes of James Conner, Nate Peterman, and Offensive Coordinator Matt Canada. All eyes were on a plethora of young running backs, USC transfer QB Max Browne, and a secondary that allowed the second-most passing yards in the nation last season. The Gold team came out victorious, winning the contest 23-14, behind an impressive offensive effort led by redshirt sophomore quarterback Ben DiNucci and junior wide receiver Quadree Henderson. Henderson was by far the star of the day, rushing twice for 84 yards, making five catches for 53 yards, and scoring a TD. Henderson is still fast, still explosive, and still the weapon all expected him to be for the Panthers.
Browne appeared quite pedestrian in his unofficial debut with the Panthers, accumulating only 48 yards on 6 of 18 passing attempts. Browne demonstrated impressive arm strength and accuracy, but fell victim to multiple drops and missed reads. He did pick up his play in the second half, rebounding with 7 completions on 10 attempts for 96 yards. Browne was able to salvage the performance with a 27 yard touchdown pass to Tre Tipton to end the game, coupled with pass for a two-point conversion to Rafael Araujo-Lopes. Browne finished with 144 yards and one touchdown on 13 of 28 passing. While his day paled in comparison to his main opponent Ben DiNucci's (5-5 for 60 yds and a QB rating over 200), that last drive made it clear that the fight for starting QB honors will only continue to heat up over the summer.
Also of note was the defensive effort. Although Browne and DiNucci wore the traditional red pinnies marking them as not to be hit in order to prevent unnecessary injury, likely backup QBs Kenny Pickett and Thomas MacVittie were not so inhibited. This had both upsides and downsides: it gave them, especially Pickett (4 rush attempts for 35 yards), a chance to show their scrambling skills, but it also opened them up to defensive attack, and a total of six sacks were racked up by both sides – four for Gold and two for Blue. The secondary defense, an abysmal unit last season, looked much better in general, though it will of course remain to be seen if this success will be carried into the fall against less friendly opposition.
On the whole, this spring game was an excellent outing for the Panthers, Blue and Gold, and a fine capstone to the fifteen practices of spring training camp. While there is still clearly work to be done before Pitt is ready to open the 2017 season on September 2, this spring game marked definite improvements and highlighted players to watch moving forward over the summer and beyond.
A day after the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders deflected reporters' questions about gun control by saying "there will certainly be a time for that policy discussion to take place, but that's not the place that we're in at this moment."
Yet the topic was by then already top of mind across the country, according to an analysis of Americans' online searches. Within hours of gunman Stephen Paddock opening fire on a crowd of concertgoers at the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas, search interest in "gun control" spiked across the country, according to data compiled by Google Trends.
At 3 a.m. ET Monday, about three hours after Paddock began spraying the crowd with a barrage of bullets from the 32nd floor of the nearby Mandalay Bay hotel, search interest in "gun control" surpassed search interest in "gun shop." It was the first time that has happened in nearly a year.
Since Sunday night's attack that left 58 people dead and scores more wounded, search interest for "gun control" has maintained its dominance over "gun shop" in nearly every state accept Kentucky. Queries for gun stores has regained popularity there. Search interest in "gun rights" has plateaued over the last decade and remained unchanged in the last six days.
It is not clear if the shift in search term interest reflects a shift in attitudes toward gun ownership. Google Trends makes no speculation as to whether the searches for "gun control" during this time were for, against or just seeking information on the topic following the shooting. The trend also appears to be common after such attacks. Spikes in searches for "gun control" following the San Bernardino, California, Virginia Tech and Sandy Hook massacres also occurred while "gun shops" has maintained popularity among Americans over the long term.
A recent national survey by the Pew Research Center found that 81 percent of Americans support expanding background checks, 76 percent support laws that would prevent the mentally ill from buying guns, and 71 percent are for barring people on the “no-fly” list from purchasing guns. About half support bans on assault-style weapons — 52 percent — and high-capacity ammunition clips. The poll, conducted in August, showed a partisan divide on banning assault weapons. Fewer Republicans, 35 percent, favor an assault weapons ban compared to 67 percent of Democrats.
Yet gun control measures have been essentially off the table in Congress since a bipartisan deal to expand background checks — forged in the wake of the killing of 26 people, including 20 elementary school children, in Newtown, Connecticut — failed in 2013.
Watch Live Official: No Clear Motive Yet in Vegas Shooting
In a rare concession for the National Rifle Association, the nation's largest gun lobby embraced regulations on “bump stocks,” the device found on several of the Las Vegas shooter's guns. Paddock appeared to have used bump stocks to covert semi-automatic weapons into fully automated ones.
How ‘Bump Stocks' Work
Las Vegas Shooter Stephen Paddock had at least 12 “bump stocks” attached to his guns, which allowed him to fire his weapons at a machine gun-like rate. Lawmakers are now pushing for them to be banned. Here is how these devices work. (Published 41 minutes ago)
The NRA, which famously opposes virtually any hint of new restrictions, said in a statement: "The National Rifle Association is calling on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (BATFE) to immediately review whether these devices comply with federal law. The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations."
President Donald Trump, who has declared himself an ardent backer of gun rights and has moved to roll back some of the executive actions President Barack Obama took to tighten access, agreed.
House Speaker Paul Ryan added his support, as have other top Republicans.
"Obviously we need to look at how we can tighten up the compliance with this law so that fully automatic weapons are banned," the Wisconsin Republican told reporters at an event in Chestertown, Maryland.
Dramatic Images: Dozens Die in Vegas Concert Shooting
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, a California Democrat, introduced a bill Wednesday to ban bump stocks and other devices that can enable a rifle to fire as many as 400 to 800 rounds per minute. More than 20 Democratic have signed on as co-sponsors. U.S. Rep. David Cicilline, a Rhode Island Democrat, said he introduced a similar bill Wednesday in the House of Representatives.
The Republican-controlled Congress has not taken up new gun restrictions in light of recent mass killings. And before Sunday's shooting, House GOP leaders had been moving forward with bills to ease regulations on gun silencers and allow people with concealed-carry permits to take their weapons to other states. A vote on the bill has been delayed.
Meanwhile, gun control advocates have shifted much of their campaign for tighter firearms laws to the states — and they've chalked up some modest, unexpected successes.
Republican governors in Nevada, North Dakota, Tennessee, Utah and New Jersey all have signed bills this year tightening access to guns. At the same time, efforts to loosen restrictions have failed in several states where Republicans are in control.
Video Shows People Flee Mass Shooting on Vegas Strip
Video shows people feeling a country music festival in Las Vegas after a gunman opened fire from inside the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino. Authorities said that more than 50 people were killed and more than 500 wounded. (Published Monday, Oct. 2, 2017)
The gains expose revealing limits to what some had felt was the virtually unlimited influence of the gun lobby. Some GOP state officials have shown a willingness to break ranks — largely on incremental steps — tacking closer to overall public opinion about a need for some curbs on gun purchases, broader background checks and limits on where guns can be carried.
Hoping it's at least a mini-trend, gun control advocates say they plan to exploit newly fertile ground in the wake of the Las Vegas shootings.
The Associated Press Contributed to this report.
Prairie Knolls Middle School students shelter in place after bullet found
hello
Students at Prairie Knolls Middle School in Elgin were ordered to shelter in place Monday after a student found a single .22-caliber bullet outside the school's cafeteria.
Students and teachers were allowed to continue holding classes but were prevented from moving outside their classrooms while police searched the building, according to a letter to parents from the Prairie Knolls administration.
The shelter-in-place order continued for about three hours while officers from the Elgin Police Department and the Kane County sheriff's office searched the building, including lockers, with a canine unit, officials said. Students were then dismissed after the building was determined to be safe.
Officials reminded parents not to rush to school to pick up their children during a shelter-in-place because additional movement by students could further jeopardize their safety. They also encouraged parents to remind their children to report suspicious activity to administrators or trusted adults.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
(CNN) — A federal judge on Monday declined the US government's request to put on hold an order allowing transgender individuals to join the military beginning in January. The decision means transgender people will be free to enlist in the new year.
“In sum, having carefully considered all of the evidence before it, the Court is not persuaded that Defendants will be irreparably injured by allowing the accession of transgender individuals into the military beginning on January 1, 2018,” Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly said in her ruling.
The Pentagon said it was already following a court ruling last week and is “planning to prepare to access transgender persons,” as of January 1, US Army Maj. Dave Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman said in a written statement following the ruling.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the Department of Justice is “reviewing the legal options” on court ruling on transgender Americans serving in the military.
“They are simply complying with a court order and preparing to implement a previous policy to remain in compliance. The Department of Justice is currently reviewing the legal options to ensure that he President's directive can be implemented,” Sanders said.
Last week the Pentagon said it had established a panel of experts to propose recommendations on the issue of accepting transgender recruits following a series of ruling in federal court regarding the administration's policy to prohibit transgender recruits.
“The Deputy Secretary of Defense and Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, supported by a panel of experts, will propose consideration recommendations supported by appropriate evidence and information for the accession of transgender persons into the military,” Eastburn said in a written statement last week.
That came just as the Justice Department asked a federal judge last Wednesday to put on hold her order requiring the military to begin allowing transgender recruits on January 1, while the department appealed her ruling to a higher court.
So far, two federal judges have blocked key provisions of President Donald Trump's prohibition on transgender individuals serving in the military, which was announced in August.
Last month, Marvin Garbis in Maryland wrote in a 53-page ruling that currently serving transgender service members were “already suffering harmful consequences” and prohibited the administration “from blocking those challenging the ban from completing their medically necessary surgeries.”
Another federal judge had blocked portions of Trump's directive in October.
A sworn statement from Lernes J. Hebert, the acting deputy assistant secretary of defense for military personnel policy said ordering the policy to go into effect January 1 “will impose extraordinary burdens on the Department.”
He argued in part that if the department were compelled to accept transgender recruits, “applicants may not receive the appropriate medical and administrative accession screening necessary for someone with a complex medical condition. As a result, an applicant may be accessed for military service who is not physically or psychologically equipped to engage in combat/operational service.”
In his statement last week, Eastburn said the panel, which would operate per the recent court rulings, will issue findings based on “multiple considerations including military effectiveness and lethality, budgetary constraints, and applicable law.”
Shortly after Trump's directive in August, Defense Secretary James Mattis said he would work with a panel of experts to recommend how the military should put the administration's transgender guidance into effect.
Once that panel concludes, Mattis will provide his advice to Trump on how to implement his policy direction. That new policy is expected to be announced by March.
Although the focus is on the golf at the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open Championship this week, it was still hard not to miss England's dramatic penalty shoot-out win over Colombia on Tuesday night.
Not everyone at Ballyliffin Golf Club may be as euphoric about an England success in Europe as those across the sheugh on the mainland.
But Irish Open host Rory McIlroy dealt with the question diplomatically on Wednesday.
1Oak Dubai set to open in February 1Oak hosted a Formula One pop-up in Abu Dhabi last weekend to celebrate world champ Lewis Hamilton.
Mondrian hotel in NoMad to open a nightclub with owner of 1Oak When the Mondrian Park Avenue opens this month, the chic hotel will come with a rooftop lounge and an underground club space — thanks to a collaboration between its management...
Nightlife gurus open healthy fast food joint Sometimes nightlife gurus grow up and … open a healthy fast food joint. Scott Sartiano, a founder of Butter Group's celeb hotspots Butter and 1Oak, and restaurateur/consultant Cobi Levy, have...
Sexy thief robbed Saudi diplomat after they left 1Oak Watch out, guys — sexy thieves are prowling New York's hottest nightclubs so they can screw rich men out of their pricey timepieces. A Saudi diplomat was robbed of his...
How sexy club gal allegedly swindled guy out of $70K worth of jewels She's the most wanted thief in the city. A sexpot swindler — armed with a plunging neckline, hot pants and high heels — met a man at the Chelsea hot...
Sexy thief who robbed guy she went home with met him at 1Oak: cops The robbery victim targeted by a sexy thief in a low-cut top had met the crook at the Chelsea hot spot 1Oak before taking her home with him, police said...
Justin Bieber forgets the lyrics to hit song he sings on The Canadian provides the chorus for a remix of Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's Spanish-language hit “Despacito.”
Zimbabwe doesn't have enough time before this year's general elections to make the constitutional changes necessary to allow people living outside the country to vote, Foreign Minister Sibusiso Moyo said, backtracking on a statement he made a week ago.
Zimbabweans living abroad should return home and register to vote in an election that will probably take place in July, Moyo told a conference in London on Tuesday. Last week he said in an interview with Bloomberg Television that the government was working on logistics to allow people outside the southern African nation to vote in parliamentary and presidential elections and that it was their constitutional right to do so.
Pedestrians cross the street in downtown Harare Photographer: Waldo Swiegers/Bloomberg
“It is the desire of the current establishment to ensure everyone participates,” Moyo said at the London conference. “Unfortunately, legally and logistically this is not possible.”
The refusal of former President Robert Mugabe's government to allow members of the diaspora to vote sparked disputes with the opposition over the past two decades as the country's economic collapse prompted a quarter of its population to emigrate. Elections were marred regularly by violence and irregularities.
Moyo said allowing Zimbabweans abroad to vote would require amending the constitution because right now only the president has the power to declare constituencies.
His statement was disputed by former Finance Minister Tendai Biti, the leader of the opposition People's Democratic Party and a constitutional lawyer.
“It's not correct,” Biti said by phone from Harare, the capital. “The diaspora people, if they want to vote, could easily vote in the presidential election, which is not seated in any constituency. If government wanted to now, they could be allowed to register at any embassies as the registration process is still ongoing.”
Reflections from Jen…
Been thinking about small businesses this week. I received story pitches from a handful of PR folks that either focused on small and medium businesses (SMBs) or at least mentioned the challenges that SMBs face when it comes to sustainability. A few years ago, SMB leaders often cited cost savings and efficiencies as the top benefits of sustainability, but at the same time they named monetary considerations as the biggest barrier to entry.
SMBs face similar challenges today, and while sustainability is clearly no longer solely the domain of the giant corporations, work needs to be done to help smaller companies make progress in their environmental initiatives.
“To make sustainability profitable on Main Street, it takes a relentless focus on building density,” says David Rachelson, VP of sustainability for Rubicon, a waste management and recycling solutions company. This means getting as many small and medium sized businesses to join together on programs that offer sustainable solutions, “because only with scale can we find truly profitable opportunities for reuse and recycling,” he says. But the responsibility does not rest solely on the shoulders of the SMBs themselves. Solutions providers should be considering the problem, as well. “We are starting to approach a point where we can start to bring the types of solutions that we offer to our national accounts to Main Street businesses,” Rachelson says. “It's a journey, but one on which we have a clear focus.”
But reaching SMBs is not always easy for providers. Brett Feldman, principal research analyst at Navigant Research, wrote in Forbes that SMBs are being left out of demand-side energy management programs because they are hard for utilities to reach, for example. “There are too many of them for utilities to have dedicated account managers, they typically do not have staff resources focused on energy issues, and mass marketing does not easily penetrate their conscience,” he says.
For my part, I'd like to explore the topic of how SMBs are handling sustainability. While initiatives and news from the majors are important and informative – such as those I covered this week from P&G, 7-Eleven, British Airways and Patagonia – and can offer useful ideas to sustainability managers at any size business, it would be exciting to see how SMBs are joining the charge. What initiatives are they finding successful? What's not working? What's still too expensive? I'll be seeking ideas on some of these topics. In the meantime, if you have thoughts, I'd love to hear them.
Thanks and, as always, have a great weekend.
Jen
jen@environmentalleader.com
The 145,170-square-foot loft office building at 250 W. 53 St. in Midtown's Theater District was purchased by Zar Property NY for $83.1 million.
Paul Davidson, Roy Lapidus and Chip Porter of Newmark Grubb Knight Frank represented the seller, Ascot Properties. The deal for the building between Broadway and Eighth Avenue works out to roughly $572 per square foot and closed during last Thursday's snow storm.
Along with a multilevel Crunch fitness facility and other small retailers, the current office tenancy is theater- and entertainment-related.
That mix is likely to change as the local family ownership begins a cap improvement program geared toward making it more TAMI tenant friendly.
The block used to house Studio 54 but was in the doldrums until recently. Now, Stephen Colbert hosts “The Late Show” at the nearby Ed Sullivan Theater, while new hotel and the Boston Properties office building at 250 W. 55 St. have brought a resurgence of upscale foot traffic. “I have worked with that building for 20 years and the block used to be dead and it is now revitalized,” said Davidson.
NGKF's parent company, BGC Partners, submitted a draft registration statement to the SEC last week for an IPO.
A Promising Opening
B Tech got a promising opening at the box office. The film, which hit the theatres on a Saturday (May 05, 2018) had opened to good reviewsat the theatres and it got a promising opening, despite other movies also releasing in the same week.
Good Number Of Shows
It has been over 3 weeks since B Tech first hit the big screens across Kerala. The film is still continuing its run in a good number of centres across the state. According to a poster send out through the official Facebook page of the movie, B Tech has as many as 297 shows/day, which underlines the success that the movie has attained.
At The Kochi Multiplexes
B Tech has put up a fine show at the Kochi multiplexes, where the film is still continuing its run with 10 shows/day. According to a report by Forum Keralam, the movie has fetched approximately 49.04 Lakhs from 23 days of its run at the Kochi multiplexes. The movie is sure to cross the 50-Lakh mark and not many Malayalam movies of the year have managed to cross this milestone.
The Days Ahead
B Tech has been released in centres outside Kerala as well. Meanwhile, the Asif Ali starrer is expected to continue its good run and march ahead in the upcoming days as well. Kaala is the next big release to hit the theatres across Kerala and the film has been scheduled for a release on June 07, 2018.
Janhvi Kapoor Was Quoted As Saying
"As for my Instagram, I used to have a private profile and then I was told I need to open it up, so I deleted everything to start from the beginning," said Janhvi Kapoor.
On The Work Front
Janhvi Kapoor is all geared up for the release of her upcoming debut movie Dhadak. She is paired alongside Ishaan Khatter in the movie.
Full On Promotions
Janhvi Kapoor is all over the place promoting her movie Dhadak along with Ishaan Khatter. The duo was spotted in several malls all across Mumbai and shook a leg with the fans as well.
High Energy Janhvi
Going by the way how Janhvi Kapoor is promoting her upcoming movie, we can assume that she is taking her work seriously and is filled with high energy!
Grand Release Of Dhadak
Dhadak, which is a remake of the superhit Marathi movie Sairat, is all set to hit the theatres on July 20,2018.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
Pompano beach (CBSMiami) – A woman arriving for work at a Pompano Beach industrial park on Saturday morning was on her way inside when a man approached her.
The Broward Sheriff's Office says Julio Acevedo told her there was something wrong with her vehicle.
“She didn't get have a good feeling about and she said, ‘Don't worry about it,' and he insisted,” explained BSO Spokesperson Gina Carter.
Then, investigators tell us Acevedo showed her a gun and forced the woman back into her car and took her to a nearby ATM.
“He actually had her go into her banking app on her phone so he could see how much money she had in her account,” Carter said. “She had a couple of hundred dollars he and he took all of the money.”
The arrest report says Acevedo threatened her and said, “Don't do anything stupid I know where you live, I know your child, and I will kill your family.”
Carter said the threat was real.
“He actually took something from her car that had her address on it so this was a very legitimate threat,” she said.
That's one of the reasons prosecutors made this request when Acevedo appeared in court Monday: “The only other thing we request is an order of no victim contact, judge.”
The judge granted the request.
BSO says Acevedo left the scene on his bicycle. A nearby business recorded this surveillance video from a distance that appears to show a person riding a bicycle away from the woman's office building around the time of the crime. Deputies caught Acevedo a short time later.
Michael Bernard is a vice president at a business in the industrial park. He said another woman was attacked just a few doors away last week and there have been attempted break-ins of cars.
“Anytime there's something like that going on, people get scared and nervous,” Bernard said.
The company where the woman in Acevedo's case works says there was no security in the park until they hired some on Monday. Bernard hopes to see more.
“Better security, 100 percent,” Bernard said.
Acevedo is being held without bond. Jail records show he was already on probation for another case when he was arrested over the weekend.
Reena Bitten By A Dog
Since the injury was severe, the actress was rushed to the hospital. The actress had told an entertainment portal that she has not been shooting since four days and she had said that the injury will take at least month's time to heal.
The Makers Were Compelled To Replace Reena
Now, since the actress is unable to shoot, the makers were compelled to find a replacement. According to TOI report, the actress too, was not happy with her track.
Reena Threw A Fit Over Her Screen Time
A source was quoted by TOI as saying, "Reena would often throw a fit over her screen time. In fact, she had put in her papers last month and was serving notice. Her exit is amicable. It's unfortunate that the dog attack happened, and the production house is taking care of her medical expenses."
The Actress Wasn't Happy With Her Track
Reena agreed that she was not happy with her track. She was quoted by the leading daily as saying, "I had even shared my concern with the makers. My character was becoming a tad unrelatable."
Reena Discussed With The Creative Team
She added, "Can't an artiste, who has worked on several shows, have such disagreements? I discussed it with the creative team and they even assured me that they would work on it."
The Actress Needs At Least Two Weeks To Recover
"However, I was bitten by a dog and needed at least two weeks to recover. It's a deep wound and I have been advised against stepping out in the sun. My family is here to take care of me, as my husband is expected to travel abroad for work."
‘A Lot Of Painful Things Have Happened To Me'
She further added, "A lot of painful things have happened to me and I don't want to delve too much into it. I will speak at the right time." Apparently, Patrali Chattopadhyay has replaced Reena on the show.
Patrali Chattopadhyay Replaces Reena Agarwal
Patrali was last seen on Porus, in which she played a cameo role. The actress confirmed about her entry on Kya Haal Mr Paanchal, but was unaware of what happened to Reena.
Patrali Unaware Of What Happened To Reena
Patrali Chattopadhyay was quoted by the leading daily as saying, "I have no idea about what has happened to Reena. I have been told that she is unwell."
Niagara-on-the-Lake councillors had a change of heart this week and approved most of the items requested by the Communities in Bloom committee for an upcoming international competition on the enhancement of green spaces.
Last week, councillors turned down the committee's request of $77,000 for enhanced floral displays and extra staffing, saying it was too expensive and it should have been discussed before the 2017 budget was finalized in December.
However, on Monday, council agreed to spend $60,000 on hanging baskets, Christmas decorations and an additional parks labourer from the parking reserve budget.
Flags and banners, at a cost of $8,000, and a special events co-ordinator position budgeted at $9,000 were rejected.
Coun. Betty Disero told council that a lot of the work on enhancing the town's green spaces is done by volunteers and much of the plant materials and other gardening supplies are donated by local businesses. Some examples she cited are the planting of 600 saplings and two large pollinator gardens, painting of garbage cans by students and a “SWAT” team that cleans up overgrown areas.
She said the local Canada sesquicentennial committee would be putting up its flags so it wouldn't be necessary for the Communities in Bloom to put up their own and a few residents have volunteered to take on the special events co-ordinator's duties.
“The (town) staff have been so tremendous and overworked to make expansions … so we could win the Communities in Bloom,” Disero said, referring to the high score the town achieved at the 2016 Canadian competition.
The evaluation of a five-bloom silver rating at the national level allowed the town the opportunity to compete internationally this year.
Coun. Jim Collard said the town currently has $450,000 in the parking reserve fund. He made a motion that the money spent on the Communities in Bloom program be reimbursed to the parking reserve after the surplus is calculated this spring.
His motion passed, but some councillors said that maintenance of the displays for Communities in Bloom should be in the operating budget or discretionary grants in the future years.
Registration for the international competition is due this month with the judging to take place in July.
European Central Bank policymakers are starting their two-day meeting in Frankfurt on Wednesday relatively relaxed about what appears to be a sharp euro-area slowdown.
A close read of the numbers suggests they're right.
Bloomberg calculations show the ECB's prediction for a 2.4 percent economic expansion this year already factors in weaker underlying momentum. That helps explain why officials including President Mario Draghi have done nothing to counter market expectations that their bond-buying program will end this year, despite a raft of data that has missed economists' estimates.
“Notwithstanding the latest economic indicators, which suggest that the growth cycle may have peaked, the growth momentum is expected to continue.”
-- Draghi at the International Monetary Fund meetings, April 20
Draghi's optimism is backed by Bloomberg analysis that breaks economic growth down into two components. The underlying rate of expansion this year is estimated at 1.4 percent, down from 1.7 percent in 2017. That's still above the bloc's long-term potential rate of about 1.2 percent, meaning spare capacity will be eroded and inflationary pressures will eventually pick up.
The balance is a statistical quirk known as the carryover, which reflects real growth but is carried over from the previous year. Because of the euro area's exceptional performance in 2017, that measure is the highest in a more than a decade.
Masked Slowdown Statistic effects bolster euro-area growth this year as underlying momentum weakens Source: Bloomberg calculations based on Eurostat GDP data (seasonally and calendar-adjusted, chain linked volumes based on 2010, in a million euros)
The IMF is also apparently sanguine about the euro zone's surprise slump in production and confidence in the first quarter. Its economic outlook this month raised the prediction for 2018 growth to 2.4 percent from 2.2 percent. The ECB will update its own projections at its June policy meeting.
Alternative measures show that the slowdown, while real, isn't dramatic. Comparing fourth-quarter gross domestic product with same period in the previous year avoids the carryover effect.
Alternative Perspective Fourth-quarter annual growth rate offers better view on euro area's economic strength Source: Eurostat, IMF
Average quarterly growth offers another indication that momentum will be weaker this year, but remain well above the average since the early days of the single currency.
Weakening Confirmed Average quarterly growth rates in euro area signal economic slowdown Source: Bloomberg calculations based on Eurostat data
The initial estimate of euro-area GDP for the first quarter still has the potential to change the ECB's thinking. That report is due on May 2.
Economists surveyed by Bloomberg this month continues to predict bond buying will end this year, though they pushed back their estimate for when such an announcement would be made. Respondents said the ECB should be more worried about global trade prospects than softer economic data.
policymakers see scope to wait until their July meeting to announce how they'll end the program, according to euro-area officials familiar with the matter. Purchases are currently scheduled to run until at least September.
What Our Economists Say “We've been expecting GDP growth to slow for a while now. That partly reflects the fact that scope for above-trend growth as people return to work has pretty much disappeared -- the euro-area output gap looks small to us.”
-- Jamie Murray and David Powell, Bloomberg Economics. See their full preview here
Governing Council members have lined up in recent weeks to express their confidence that growth will remain robust and inflation will gradually pick up toward their goal.
Executive Board member Peter Praet, who as chief economist will present the latest outlook to policymakers, said the current moderation should be seen in the context of several quarters of “very strong” growth. French Governor Francois Villeroy de Galhau said “underlying momentum remains solid.” Germany's Jens Weidmann argued that the past quarter didn't mark a turning point.
“We still have excellent conditions: the labor market is improving, wages are beginning to rise and consumers aren't concerned about inflation,” said Andreas Scheuerle, an economist at Dekabank in Frankfurt. “Despite increased risks, the domestic economy is well-placed.”
Subscribe to read: Financial Times US dollar gives up gains amid report N Korea readying missile test
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
He was definitely not joking when he said he was going to clapback should any fan come for him.
The Biggy Man crooner, dished out more than what a fan expected after the latter took to twitter to take a swipe at him.
The said fan had tweeted his disbelieve at Reekado Banks brother, who doubles as his manager being married, adding that the said brother is even younger.
Not one to be insulted, Reekado, was quick to not only check the fan but also school him, revealing in the process that the person is infact is brother and is 5-years older.
Read their tweets below:
So Reekado Banks Junior Brother Has A Wife — Ohis the GAFFER (@datsocialdude) April 12, 2017
If another Mumu see this one now, Una go join hand start another drama.. he's my manager and he's 5years older ?? https://t.co/o8Q16A4Ts0 — LEYI (@ReekadoBanks) April 12, 2017
Recall Reekado, in an interview with Planet TV, mad eit known he would not sit down and watch while being insulted, he sure would respond.
The post If Another Mumu See This One Now, Una Go Start Drama – Reekado Banks Comes For Fan appeared first on tooXclusive.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
(CNN Money) — Celebrity chef Mario Batali is stepping away from his restaurant business and ABC television show amid allegations of sexual misconduct.
Batali said in a statement to CNNMoney that he is “deeply sorry” for any pain or humiliation he has caused.
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt,” Batali said. “That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
That statement was first made public early Monday in an investigation on Eater, the restaurant news website. Eater's report included four accounts of women who claimed that Batali “touched them inappropriately in a pattern of behavior that appears to span at least two decades.”
The women, some of whom worked for Batali, claimed he had groped them, according to Eater. The story did not name them.
Batali did not refer to the Eater investigation in his statement. But he said, “although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted.”
“We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge, but I took that too far in my own behavior,” he said. “I won't make that mistake again.”
The Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group, a collection of restaurants, confirmed to CNNMoney that Batali has stepped away from company operations.
He remains an owner of the group, which he founded with restaurateur Joe Bastianich. A spokesperson said that Batali and the owners are reviewing that role.
“We take these allegations very seriously,” B&B said in a statement, which was first provided to Eater. “We pride ourselves on being a workplace for our employees where they can grow and deliver great service with equal opportunity and free from any discrimination.
The group added: “We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment. We train employees in these policies and we enforce them, up to and including termination.”
The B&B spokesperson said the company also investigated a complaint about Batali's behavior in October. It was the only complaint B&B has ever received about Batali, the company said.
An employee at one of the group's restaurants reported “inappropriate behavior,” according to the spokesperson, who would not disclose the name of the restaurant or details about the incident.
The B&B spokesperson said Batali was counseled, reprimanded and required to undergo additional sexual harassment training. After that report, he volunteered not to go to the restaurant mentioned in the complaint.
Within the past few weeks, he stepped away from his operational role entirely, said the spokesperson, who declined to say anything further about what led to that decision. The company said it was not aware of other complaints at its restaurants.
Batali has also been a host on ABC's “The Chew” for the past several years. An ABC spokesperson told CNNMoney on Monday that he is also stepping away from that production.
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” the spokesperson said. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
And Food Network, which aired Batali's show “Molto Mario” from 1996 to 2004, said it is shelving plans to bring back the program.
“Food Network takes matters like this very seriously,” the network said.
(©2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. By
Jill Disis)
NBC 7's Wendy Fry reports an investigation into a Sweetwater school district official in charge of sexual harassment training who allegedly texted sexually inappropriate messages to a school counselor. (Published 2 hours ago)
A Sweetwater district official in charge of training staff on avoiding sexual harassment is in trouble for sending sexually explicit and violent text messages to a subordinate employee, according to a claim filed with the school district and public records.
The former Director of Risk Management Brian Borg allegedly sent inappropriate and sexually graphic text messages to a high school counselor, according to the counselor and her attorney.
A Sweetwater spokesman said Borg is no longer an employee with the school district.
High school counselor Michelle Beale said text messages, which she considered graphic and violent, began nearly a year after a scandal at her school.
Beale said shortly after being hired, the new Director of Risk Management began texting her about grabbing her hair, putting his hands around her mouth and ripping her dress off.
"The text messages are very, very, very disturbing," attorney Marc Carlos said. "They encompass a lot of different, I think, techniques this individual is trying to do. He pushes and pushes and pushes and makes these sexual remarks and then outright demands."
Carlos said when Borg sensed he had gone too far, he backs off and apologizes, blaming his behavior on alcohol.
Most of the text messages contain material too graphic to share.
Some of the text messages stated the following, according to a letter Carlos sent to district board members:
"ur (sic) dead meat Ramirez when I get you alone." (Borg used Beale's maiden name and told her he had read her personnel file.)
"I have some delicious meat to give you Ramirez."
"next time u (sic) see me, I'm getting hands on you and your (sic) getting roughed up."
"can I admit how much I can't wait to shut that snotty like mouth of yours."
"I am sooooooo ripping ur dress off."
Carlos wrote in a communication with the district that Beale never encouraged Borg or reciprocated the type of communications.
The high school counselor told NBC 7 she was shocked, especially after her school and district had been embarrassed by news coverage of inappropriate conduct between staff and students.
Borg could not be reached for comment Monday.
Last year, a Navy Junior ROTC instructor was arrested at Mar Vista High School on sex crime allegations for a relationship with a student.
Within a week, a 27-year-old assistant football coach was also arrested, accused of lewd acts with a 13-year-old on school property. Then a 20-year-old tutor was arrested and convicted of sex crime charges.
"It's ironic," Beale said. "He's the Director of Risk Management who is responsible for putting out the training for the entire district. For every employee certificated, management and classified on sexual harassment."
At one point, Beale said Borg sent her inappropriate text messages while sitting in a class on sexual harassment training.
Beale said she repeatedly asked Borg to stop and told him she was documenting the harassment, but the messages kept coming and got more and more violent.
"Initially, I was confused. I thought that it was something maybe I was misinterpreting,” Beale said. “But, as I continued to detail and outline to him that I was, in fact, documenting his text messages, they grew more aggressive, more violent and more sexually descriptive."
It was when Borg started mentioning Beale's family members and those close to her that she decided she had to say something.
Carlos said Beale continues to receive messages from unknown numbers that she believes could be Borg and she fears for her safety at work.
A district spokesman said because the matter is pending litigation, the district cannot comment.
The Latest: US VP Pence arrives in Japan to focus on trade
hello
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence waves with his wife Karen Pence and his two daughters Charlotte and Audrey, right, before they leave for Japan, at Osan Air Base in Pyeongtaek, South Korea, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. Associated Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence waves before leaving for Japan, at Osan Air Base in Pyeongtaek, South Korea, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. Associated Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence gives a speech to members of the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Seoul, South Korea, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. Associated Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence talks with members of the American Chamber of Commerce at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Seoul, South Korea, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. Associated Press
TOKYO -- The Latest on U.S. Vice President Mike Pence's trip to Asia (all times local):
12:15 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence has arrived in Japan for the second stop of a 10-day Asia tour.
His plane touched down Tuesday at the U.S. military's Atsugi base outside Tokyo.
The focus of his trip is expected to shift in Japan to trade. North Korea's nuclear and missile development dominated the agenda on his first stop in South Korea.
Pence told business leaders before leaving Seoul that the Trump administration is reviewing all trade agreements as part of its "America First" policy.
White House officials say the meetings in Tokyo are meant to forge a framework for future discussions after the U.S. withdrew from a Pacific Rim trade pact.
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) — Three men were shot at point-blank range during an auto racing event in southeastern Wisconsin, but no suspects have been arrested in the killings, a sheriff said.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. Sunday after receiving reports that shots had been fired.
A man shot the three at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects have been arrested and no one else was injured.
“They have no idea what happfened, what caused this,” the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died while being transported to a hospital. Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff encouraged any witnesses to the shooting to contact his department.
“A lot of people may not have wanted to come up and talk to the sheriff's department initially because maybe they were afraid someone was going to see them,” Beth said. “So what I'm hoping happens is someone who knows what's going on or saw what happened will call us, give us more information and help us catch the individual who did this.”
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as “Larry's Fun Fest.” The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
A silhouetted man walks towards an entrance of PSE Plaza, which houses the Philippine Stock Exchange Inc. headquarters in the Makati district of Manila, the Philippines.
For the world's most unloved stock market, things could get worse before they get better.
That's the message from Manny Cruz, who in January called for a 5 to 10 percent “deep correction” in the Philippine benchmark index on “stretched” valuations. Now the Asiasec Equities Inc. analyst -- with over 20 years experience covering the local stock market -- says first-quarter earnings season is the next risk for equities and the turbulence that wiped out over $30 billion in market value so far this year could escalate further. The gauge has lost 16 percent since his Jan. 26 warning.
“We will see another round of selling if earnings aren't as impressive as what some investors are still expecting," said Cruz, adding that as companies release results the benchmark index could test the 7,400 level or 2.6 percent below Tuesday's close.
First-quarter earnings matter more than usual this year as the numbers will give investors an initial gauge of the impact of President Rodrigo Duterte's tax reform on consumption goods. The changes pose a risk to earnings as while personal income taxes were cut, levies were raised on fuel, cars, tobacco, coal and sweetened beverages, creating short-term inflationary pressures.
A drop in earnings growth could spell more trouble for the Philippine Stock Exchange Index, the world's worst performer with a loss of more than 11 percent this year. Since its January 29 peak, the gauge has tumbled as rising inflation, higher oil prices, Asia's worst performing currency and the central bank's reluctance to raise interest rates stoked a selloff that saw over $870 million in foreign fund withdrawals over the 12-week period.
First-quarter results won't support the consensus estimate of 12 percent growth in full-year 2018 earnings as margins were squeezed, said Cruz. That trend will continue into the second quarter, when inflation peaks and the upward pressure on consumer prices caused by the government's tax reform is fully felt, he said.
Cruz is wary of consumer stocks, citing competition and margin compression and sees the sector as “susceptible to a derating” because of high valuations. However, he's bullish on bank earnings as strong lending growth and a drop in the cost of funding will aid profits as the central bank moves to lower reserve requirements.
Philippine equity valuations sank last week to around 16 times estimated 12-month forward earnings, the lowest since December 2016. While historically attractive, a rate increase by the central bank on May 10 is needed to provide a catalyst for stocks to move higher than it would ease concerns monetary authorities are behind the curve in containing inflation, according to Cruz.
The benchmark index could fall to 7,200 without a rate increase next month, more than 5 percent from Tuesday's level, he said.
“Foreign selling could get prolonged just like in 2015 and 2016," Cruz said. “And like in those times, the outflow will reverse because the fundamental story is still intact. First and second quarters may not be impressive but eventually the government's infrastructure project and tourism growth will spill over into corporate earnings."
Talk about some blasts from the past, Jose Canseco, Mark McGwire and Joe Montana took center stage recently, brought back into our consciousness by another group making a comeback of sorts.
For complete Oakland A's coverage follow us on Flipboard.
“The Lonely Island,” the renowned comedy music troupe from Berkeley, headlined by ex-Saturday Night Live performer Andy Samberg, dressed up as the former Bay Area stars while debuting new rap songs about them.
The group, perhaps best known for their Grammy-nominated video “I'm on a Boat,” played their song about the A's Bash Brothers for the first time Sunday in Pasadena.
Although it's NSFW, it's definitely worth a watch, if for no other reason than its catchy lyrics and spot-on portrayal of the former A's stars' personalities by Samberg and Akiva Schaffer.
Plus, watching someone impersonate Canseco may be a tad more exciting than seeing what the real man is doing these days.
Cansecus says if you milk a one teated goat you will have a friend for life — Jose Canseco (@JoseCanseco) May 28, 2018
In keeping with their Bay Area roots, they also presented Jorma Taccone in an ode to Montana.
From February 5-9, the Institute for the Study of Western Civilization, with the generous support of The CH Foundation, will be doing something probably unique in the world of American higher education. It will be integrating a series of academic events spanning many different disciplines, but all focused on a single great theme: in this case, “The Scientific Revolution” and its consequences for today. (There will be three other weeklong commemorations during the course of 2018 about which we will let you know later.) Whether you are a Texas Tech student, faculty member or part of the greater Lubbock community, you are most welcome to come to any or all of these events.
The principal event of our commemoration of science will be an address entitled “Who Cares About The Scientific Revolution?” to be given at 6:00 p.m. on Thursday, February 8th in Room 169 of the Human Sciences Building by Professor Peter R. Dear of Cornell University http://sts.cornell.edu/peter-robert-dear, one of the world's leading historians of science. “The Scientific Revolution” refers to a period during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries when figures like Copernicus, Galileo and Newton are generally credited with having “invented” modern science. Professor Dear will discuss why controversy now exists as to the coherence of this concept, and what is at stake in the debate over whether the period actually deserves the name it has been given.
Prior to the lecture, a reception with refreshments will be held directly outside of the auditorium in the Canyon Room at 5:30 p.m.
Other events during the commemorative period will include:
· Richard Meek, Professor of Bassoon and Music Theory at Texas Tech University
“Music and Acoustical Science: Do You See What I Hear?”
Monday, February 5th at 5:00 p.m. – TTU School of Music, Choir Room 10 (basement)
· Barbara Hahn, Associate Professor of History at Texas Tech University
“Technology in the Industrial Revolution”
Tuesday, February 6th at 9:30 a.m. – English/Philosophy Building, Room 163
· David Larmour, Horn Professor of Classics at Texas Tech University
“The Birth of Greek Philosophy and Science”
Tuesday, February 6th at 12:30 p.m. – English/Philosophy Building, Room 302
· Bruce Clarke, Horn Professor of Literature and Science at Texas Tech University
“Anachronism in Science Fiction and Science: The Case of H.G. Wells”
Tuesday, February 6th at 2:00 p.m. – English/Philosophy Building, Room 201
· Joel Velasco, Assistant Professor of Philosophy at Texas Tech University
“Science and Testability”
Thursday, February 8th at 9:30 a.m. – English/Philosophy Building, Room 163
· Patricia Maloney, Professor of Sociology at Texas Tech University
“The Nature and Utility of Proof in Sociology”
Friday, February 9th at 1:00 p.m. – Holden Hall, Room 38
In addition, there will be a special exhibit mounted in collaboration with The Remnant Trust, Inc. and the Texas Tech Library (at which the exhibit will be on display February 2nd through April) consisting of four texts published during the Scientific Revolution that embody its innovative spirit. They include Galileo's Opere Galileo Galilei (1718), Francis Bacon's Of the Advancement and Proficience of Learning (1640), a combined edition of Pierre Gassendi's Institutio Astronmica, Galileo's Sidercus Nuncius, and Kepler's Dioptrice published in 1653, and A Letter of Mr. Isaac Newton… containing His New Theory about Light and Colors (1671/2).
We very much look forward to seeing you at one, some, or all of these events.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami/AP) — On his first day hearing arguments, Neil Gorsuch wasted no time speaking up.
The new Supreme Court justice waited just 11 minutes before asking questions in the first of three cases the court heard Monday, its first session since President Donald Trump's pick was sworn in one week earlier.
The 49-year-old Gorsuch echoed his own confirmation hearing testimony with questions focused on the text of federal laws and rules at issue before the court. He employed a bit of humor, expressed a modicum of humility, showed a hint of irritation and even channeled Justice Antonin Scalia, the man he replaced, with a touch of sarcasm.
“Wouldn't it be a lot easier if we just followed the plain text of the statute?” Gorsuch asked during the first argument, a highly technical case about which court federal employees go to with some discrimination claims.
That question sounded a lot like the answer Gorsuch gave last month, when he was pressed to defend an opinion he wrote against a fired trucker. “Senator, all I can tell you is my job is to apply the law you write,” he said then.
While some of the other justices slouched, rocked back in their chairs or leaned their chin or forehead on their hands, Gorsuch sat straight in his high-backed chair, to the far left of Chief Justice John Roberts.
The justices sit by order of seniority, with the two longest-serving members of the court flanking the chief justice. The two newest justices sit on either end of the bench. The justices had removed one chair from the bench after Scalia died more than 14 months ago. Monday's session was the first since then with the ninth chair restored, and nine justices present.
Roberts issued the standard welcome for new justices, wishing Gorsuch “a long and happy career in our common calling.” Gorsuch thanked his new colleagues for their “warm welcome.”
He shared a laugh with his seatmate, Justice Sonia Sotomayor, before arguments began.
The first case was so dense that even the justices who can wax eloquent over a misplaced comma were beside themselves.
“Who wrote this statute? Somebody who takes pleasure out of pulling the wings off flies?” Justice Samuel Alito said to laughter.
Gorsuch drew a few laughs of his own in an exchange with lawyer Christopher Landau, who is representing a former federal worker.
“I think I am maybe emphatically agreeing with you and…,” Landau said.
Gorsuch cut in: “I hope so.”
But at another point, when Landau said his client wasn't asking the court to break new ground in its decision, Gorsuch launched a zinger reminiscent of Scalia.
“No, just to continue to make it up,” he said.
He also apologized to Landau for asking so many questions in a row. “I'm sorry for taking up so much time,” Gorsuch said.
In the second case, he repeatedly tried to elicit an answer from lawyer Shay Dvoretzky.
“If you'd just answer my question, I'd be grateful,” Gorsuch said, flashing frustration.
The cases are expected to be decided before the end of June.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Murderer goes on killing spree and live streams the entire events via Facebook Live.
Cleveland police alongside the FBI are still on the hunt for Steve Stephens, the man who broadcasted the cold blooded murder of 74 year old Robert Godwin.
According to the video, which has been removed from Facebook, before killing Godwin, Stephens confessed the murder was a revenge killing, with no further explanation.
He blamed his estranged girlfriend Joy Lane for the murder Godwin as well as the other alleged 13 people he confessed to killing on Facebook.
Residents of Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York have been altered to keep an eye out for the fugitive killer.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
In conjunction with the Science March on Earth Day, new educational technology company Planet3 and famed artist Chuck Sperry urge public to reimagine its perceptions of a scientist; Co-founder Albert Lin to speak on National Mall
WASHINGTON, DC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Planet3, an exploration-based learning company, today announced its participation in the March for Science with a campaign designed to inspire kids to imagine themselves as the next generation of explorers, risk-takers, change agents and entrepreneurs -- a.k.a. scientists.
Kicking off online today, as people around the world prepare to march, and culminating with an address from Planet3's Co-founder and Chief Science Officer, Albert Lin, at The March for Science Washington DC event on Earth Day, April 22, the company is offering attendees free commemorative art from renowned artist Chuck Sperry and many online resources at http://exploreplanet3.com/standwithscience/.
"What we do with the next 50 years will determine the fate of the next 10,000, so we're working hard to inspire the next generation of scientists through the lens of exploration," said Lin. "After all, from Galileo to Goodall, the great scientists of all time have been explorers, risk-takers, entrepreneurs, change agents, adventurers, and truth seekers. What could be a more exciting life?"
Planet3 is an exploration-based learning company that ignites a passion for lifelong learning in STEAM subjects and empowers students to solve the complex challenges of our changing planet. The company is pioneering a new approach to STEAM curriculum via a unique, rich, interactive, game-based, learning environment. The comprehensive middle school science curriculum -- modeled on the Next Generation Science Standards -- uses the planet Earth as a laboratory for teaching Earth, Life, and Physical Science.
"We want every kid to see the adventurous, game-changing side of science. Imagine studying geoscience with a virtual descent into the heart of a volcano, or learning about ocean health by exploring a coral reef in a virtual submarine. Our aim is for kids to see themselves as tomorrow's scientists. Today's students deserve more than dog-eared textbooks, and through immersive media and state-of-the-art game design we can provide a thrilling, visually stunning exploration of the subjects and skill sets critical to the economic health of our country -- and the survival of our planet," says Tim Kelly, Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Planet3.
To support science, education, and to help kids self-identify as the next generation of scientists, Planet3 is offering attendees free commemorative art from renowned artist Chuck Sperry and is making online resources to support science available to everyone:
Downloadable March posters: In partnership with renowned artist Chuck Sperry, Planet3 has developed a commemorative March poster that can be downloaded for free and taken to marches throughout the world. http://exploreplanet3.com/standwithscience/
In partnership with renowned artist Chuck Sperry, Planet3 has developed a commemorative March poster that can be downloaded for free and taken to marches throughout the world. http://exploreplanet3.com/standwithscience/ Free printed posters in select March cities: Through a generous donation from Sperry, March posters have been printed and will be distributed in Washington DC, San Francisco and the Coachella music festival.
Through a generous donation from Sperry, March posters have been printed and will be distributed in Washington DC, San Francisco and the Coachella music festival. "I stand with science" profile image filter: An interactive tool that allows Facebook and Twitter users to add a filter to their profile image to show the world that they support science. http://exploreplanet3.com/standwithscience/
An interactive tool that allows Facebook and Twitter users to add a filter to their profile image to show the world that they support science. http://exploreplanet3.com/standwithscience/ "This is what a scientist looks like" Snapchat filter: An interactive Snapchat filter for attendees of the Washington DC March will be available, allowing them to show their friends that they "stand with science."
An interactive Snapchat filter for attendees of the Washington DC March will be available, allowing them to show their friends that they "stand with science." Shareable inspirational "scientist of the day" artwork: Corresponding with a featured scientist of the day, Planet3 has made sharable art available to help spread the word about what a scientist really looks like! http://exploreplanet3.com/standwithscience/
Corresponding with a featured scientist of the day, Planet3 has made sharable art available to help spread the word about what a scientist really looks like! http://exploreplanet3.com/standwithscience/ A call to support science and #ExplorePlanet3 through the Explore Planet3 Fund: Supporters are urged to support a special project fund with Silicon Valley Community Foundation (SVCF), which supports Planet3's Mission to inspire and empower the next generation of scientists by making Planet3's curriculum and teacher development more widely accessible to teachers and students worldwide. http://exploreplanet3.com/exploreplanet3fund/
Supporters are urged to support a special project fund with Silicon Valley Community Foundation (SVCF), which supports Planet3's Mission to inspire and empower the next generation of scientists by making Planet3's curriculum and teacher development more widely accessible to teachers and students worldwide. http://exploreplanet3.com/exploreplanet3fund/ Washington DC March for Science keynote: Albert Lin, an internationally renowned scientist, innovator, technologist, entrepreneur, and National Geographic Explorer will take the stage at the March in Washington DC to share his story and inspire the audience to rethink science and its important place in the world.
For more information on the March, commemorative art and how you can get involved and pledge to #ExplorePlanet3, visit http://exploreplanet3.com/standwithscience/. To learn more about Planet3, visit http://exploreplanet3.com.
About Planet3
Planet3 is an exploration-based learning company that ignites a passion for lifelong learning in STEAM subjects and empowers students to solve the complex challenges of our changing planet. The company delivers personalized, immersive learning via a unique, rich, game-based, interactive learning environment that utilizes compelling narratives, real­ world data, and visualization to inspire the next generation of scientists, engineers, artists, and technologists. Modeled on the Next Generation Science Standards, Planet3's comprehensive science curriculum uses the planet Earth as a laboratory for teaching Earth, Life, and Physical Science, and empowers teachers and students to construct deep understandings of the intricate connections between Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Math (STEAM) subjects, ourselves, and our planet.
For more information, visit www.exploreplanet3.com.
Follow @insidefutbol
Eddie Gray has admitted that the Leeds United fans were frustrated towards the end of the game at the weekend as the Whites slumped to a 2-1 loss to Sheffield Wednesday.
Leeds have not enjoyed the best of form at Elland Road in the present campaign, but that has not stopped the fans from flocking in numbers to fill the stadium and lend their vocal support to the Yorkshire giants.
Despite Leeds being all but out of the top six race, the supporters once again battled chilly weather conditions to head to Elland Road to see their team take on the Owls.
But they were left disappointed and frustrated as Atdhe Nuhiu's injury time goal helped Sheffield Wednesday to edge out Leeds; the hosts made it 1-1 four minutes from time through Jay-Roy Grot after Nuhiu broke the deadlock in the 71st minute.
And Gray explained that although the fans backed Leeds they were frustrated near the end as Leeds failed to pick up any points, despite scoring a late equaliser.
“Another big crowd at Elland Road, tremendous crowd – thirty-one-and-a-half-thousand”, he told LUTV.
“I just wanted us to put in a real good performance and win the match, for the players themselves, for Paul [Heckingbottom] and for the fans.
“The fans were behind the team, but I think there was a little bit of frustration near the end of the game.
“I think when we got the equaliser, the fans were expecting a win.
“But they break away and score and it was a disappointing result.”
Leeds, who will next face Bolton Wanderers on Good Friday, now find themselves 12 points adrift of the playoff spots, with eight regular Championship games remaining in their campaign.
Softball: Stevens' single sends Fremd home with win
hello
Fremd was down to its last out with two runners on base in the bottom of the seventh inning on Monday.
With a 3-1 count, Grace Stevens made her final at-bat count in a big way.
The junior delivered a single to right to score Becca Uhrich and Anna Freveletti with the tying and winnings runs in Fremd's dramatic 6-5 Mid-Suburban West softball triumph over visiting Schaumburg.
The victory lifted the Vikings to 6-3 and 2-1 in the MSL West while Schaumburg slipped to 2-5 and 2-1.
Freveletti had a one-out single in the seventh, and with two outs Uhrich kept the Vikes alive with a double to set up Stevens' winning at-bat.
Winning pitcher Jess Mazur gave herself a 4-2 lead in the bottom of the first inning when she belted a grand slam. Mazur also had a double in the game while going 2-for-3 with 4 RBI.
Stevens went 2-for-4 with 2 RBI and 1 run while Uhrich was 2-for-4 with 2 RBI and 2 runs.
Michaela Encarnacion and Natalie Napier were 2-for-3 with a run a RBI for the Saxons, who received 7 strikeouts from pitcher Michelle Birkholz.
Elk Grove 1, Prospect 0: This one was a pitchers' duel all the way.
When it was over, Elk Grove senior Kylie Thomsen (13 strikeouts, 4 hits) edged Prospect freshman Claire Doherty (4 strikeouts, 7 hits) on the Grenadiers' diamond.
"It was probably Kylie's best outing of the season," said Elk Grove coach Ken Grams. "She looked good."
Keeley Cronin drew a one-out walk in the bottom of the fourth inning. She stole second, took third on Sabra Morton's groundout and came home on Christina Di Maria's single to center.
Di Maria and Morton (double) each went 2-for-3 for the Grens who improved 7-3 and 1-3 in the MSL East.
Cate Meersman (2-for-3), Cassie Cunniff (1-for-3) and Lauren Caldrone (1-for-3) led the offense for Prospect (3-3, 1-2).
"Claire Doherty had a great performance on the mound for us," said Knights coach Krystina Leazer, who was facing her alma mater for the first time as a head coach. "Unfortunately, we weren't able to help her out this time with our bats."
Buffalo Grove 6, Rolling Meadows 0: Katie Fontanetta had a 2-run double to highlight a 4-run seventh inning for visiting Buffalo Grove in the MSL East contest.
Leading the offense for BG (8-5, 2-1) were Olivia Morini (2-for-4, double) and Lauren Beiersdorf (2-for-4).
Winning pitcher Alyssa DePhillips threw a 4-hitter and got the only run she needed in the third inning when Jackie Bickhaus crossed the plate when Morini reached on an error.
RM (4-6, 0-2) faces St. Viator (7-2) today.
Hersey 7, Wheeling 3: Sophomore Brianna Luciano (5-3) struck out a season-high 14 batters in six innings of work to get the win over visiting Wheeling (2-6, 0-3).
The Huskies (7-3, 2-2) were led on offense by Makayla Tsagalis who went 4-for-4 with a double.
Teammate Hannah Graff went 3-4 while Katie Wingerter contributed a 2-run double. Sarah Bailitz worked the final inning for Hersey's striking out two.
Conant 7, Hoffman Estates 6: Conant (5-2, 3-0) scored 4 runs in the bottom of the seventh to edge visiting Hoffman Estates (0-5, 0-2) in the MSL West contest.
Junior Jac Carlucci went the final 5⅔ innings to earn the win over freshman Emily Grossi.
Leading the Cougars' offense were Makenna McCarthy (2-for-4, 2 runs), Lauren Grzelak (2-for-3, 2 runs), Morgan Bihun (2-for-3, 3 RBI, 1 run), Carly Rossdeutcher (2-for-3, 4 RBI, double) and Maddy Meier (double).
Mary Bean went 2-for-4 for the Hawks while teammate Brynn Connelly had a double.
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Tuesday rumours of irregularities in a referendum over the weekend were a vain effort to cast doubt on the result.
The post Rumours Of Irregularities In Referendum, Vain Effort -Turkish PM appeared first on PM NEWS Nigeria.
The Nashville native finished the course in 3:41.36 among 42 participants and 33 runners who complete the course, becoming the first Cumberland runner, male or female, to complete the marathon at the national championships.
"If you are smuggling a child then we will prosecute you, and that child will be separated from you as required by law," Attorney General Jeff Sessions said earlier this month at an event in Arizona announcing the move. "If you don't like that, then don't smuggle children over our border."
Trump's chief of staff, John Kelly, defended separating families in an NPR interview this month as "a tough deterrent" against illegal immigration after an uptick in border crossings by Central American nationals.
"The children will be taken care of — put into foster care or whatever," Kelly said.
The changes prompted widespread coverage of the policy and an outcry from human rights groups, which noted many families crossing the border were seeking asylum after fleeing violence in their home countries.
But even as his own top official defended the change, Trump tweeted Saturday that the administration's policy was actually due to a "horrible law" enacted by Democrats and urged Americans to build "pressure" to fix it. He had previously blamed family separations on "the bad laws that the Democrats gave us."
In a follow-up statement on Monday, White House spokesman Hogan Gidley referred more generally to "open border policies" that were "encouraging mass illegal immigration" rather than a specific law that caused children to be separated.
Capital Network: Monster Mash Up Winning Weekend Terms & Conditions
Full terms and conditions.
Capital's Monster Mash Up Winning Weekend' on Capital Network, October 2017 RULES
1. The following rules (“Specific Rules”) together with the general competition terms and conditions (which can be found at http://capitalfm.com/terms-conditions/) (the “Competition Terms and Conditions”) of Global (as defined in the Competition Terms and Conditions apply to the ‘Capital's Monster Mash Up Winning Weekend' radio competition (the “Competition") which will run from Saturday 7th October to Sunday 8th October across the Capital Network (the “Radio Station”).
2. Anyone who enters the Competition (an “Entrant”) will be deemed to have read and accepted the Specific Rules and the Competition Terms and Conditions and will be bound by them.
Details of the Competition
3. Listeners will be required to identify the missing word from a song played on-air.
4. To enter the Competition an Entrant must send a text message with the keyword given on air to 83958 (the “Text Message Line”) during the 5 minute entry period. Text messages will be charged at £1.00 plus your standard network rates.
5. The opening and closing times of the Text Message Line will be given out on air.
6. If listeners text before or after the song has played, they will not be entered but may still be charged. Global Radio is not responsible for any latency experienced by your mobile phone network, which may delay the delivery of your text message to us.
7. Once the text lines have closed, one winner will be selected at random from all the correct entries and called back. A call will be recorded with the winner and played out on air.
8. All Entrants selected to play on air will be required to talk to the presenter(s) and the conversation may be recorded and played on-air. If the caller fails to answer a return call from Global, is driving at the time of the call and is unable to pull over, cannot continue the call for any reason or the phone line is not of a suitable quality for broadcast (at the discretion of the producer) the call may be terminated and another Entrant selected at random.
9. There will be a maximum of 3 competition rounds per day broadcast across the Capital Network (hereafter “Network Rounds”) and an additional round broadcast on Capital London (which is also available on Capital's Digital channels), Capital Liverpool and Capital Manchester (hereafter “Local rounds”).
Capital reserves the right to broadcast additional competition rounds when required. Competition rounds will be announced in advance by the presenter(s) on air. Capital reserves the right to take the game off air at times when programming output requires it.
Eligibility:
10. All entrants must be 18 or over.
11. Multipleentriesarepermitteduptoamaximumof3entries;anyadditionalentriesabovethislimit
will be excluded from the Competition.
Prize:
12. The prize for Network rounds is 1 x pair of tickets to Capital's Monster Mash Up with VOXI. The winner will get to choose which is their preferred venue and date from those listed below.
The prize for Network rounds is 1 x pair of tickets to Capital's Monster Mash Up with VOXI for the venue and date as detailed below.
Capital Liverpool Winners - Thursday, October 26th - Mountford Hall, Liverpool
Capital London / UK Winners: - Friday, October 27th - Eventim Apollo, Hammersmith Capital Manchester Winners: - Saturday, October 28th - Manchester Academy, Manchester
For the avoidance of doubt, all winners will need to arrange their own accommodation and travel to and from the event. No travel or accommodation is included in the prize.
14. Global reserves the right to substitute the prize with another prize at its absolute discretion. 15. Prize is non transferrable and no alternative is available
A team from FBN Insurance Limited and FBN General Insurance Limited recently paid a visit to the Down's Syndrome Foundation as part of their end of the year appreciation activities. A statement from the firm said that while receiving the combined team of both companies at the administrative office and resource centre of the foundation […]
The post FBN Insurance supports Down's syndrome Foundation appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Close on 11, 500 people attended Wednesday's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open Championship Pro-Am day at Ballyliffin Golf Club.
This week's competitors mixed with 'A' list celebrities and the not so famous as the course opened its gates to the public for the first day this week.
In the Championship Village there is plenty to keep all ages amused, away from the Fairways and Greens.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
New revelations have surfaced that the Obama administration abused intelligence during the election by launching a massive domestic spy campaign that included snooping on Trump officials.
The irony is mind-boggling: Targeting political opposition is long a technique of police states like Russia, which Team Obama has loudly condemned for allegedly using its own intelligence agencies to hack into our election.
The revelations, as well as testimony this week from former Obama intel officials, show the extent to which the Obama administration politicized and weaponized intelligence against Americans.
Thanks to Circa News, we now know the National Security Agency under President Barack Obama routinely violated privacy protections while snooping through foreign intercepts involving US citizens — and failed to disclose the breaches, prompting the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court a month before the election to rebuke administration officials.
The story concerns what's known as “upstream” data collection under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, under which the NSA looks at the content of electronic communication. Upstream refers to intel scooped up about third parties: Person A sends Person B an email mentioning Person C. Though Person C isn't a party to the email, his information will be scooped up and potentially used by the NSA.
Further, the number of NSA data searches about Americans mushroomed after Obama loosened rules for protecting such identities from government officials and thus the reporters they talk to.
The FISA court called it a “very serious Fourth Amendment issue” that NSA analysts — in violation of a 2011 rule change prohibiting officials from searching Americans' information without a warrant — “had been conducting such queries in violation of that prohibition, with much greater frequency than had been previously disclosed to the Court.”
A number of those searches were made from the White House, and included private citizens working for the Trump campaign, some of whose identities were leaked to the media. The revelations earned a stern rebuke from the ACLU and from civil liberties champion Sen. Rand Paul.
We also learned this week that Obama intelligence officials really had no good reason attaching a summary of a dossier on Trump to a highly classified Russia briefing they gave to Obama just weeks before Trump took office.
Under congressional questioning Tuesday, Obama's CIA chief John Brennan said the dossier did not “in any way” factor into the agency's assessment that Russia interfered in the election. Why not? Because as Obama intel czar James Clapper earlier testified, “We could not corroborate the sourcing.”
But that didn't stop Brennan in January from attaching its contents to the official report for the president. He also included the unverified allegations in the briefing he gave Hill Democrats.
In so doing, Brennan virtually guaranteed that it would be leaked, which it promptly was.
In short, Brennan politicized raw intelligence. In fact, he politicized the entire CIA.
Langley vets say Brennan was the most politicized director in the agency's history. Former CIA field operations officer Gene Coyle said Brennan was “known as the greatest sycophant in the history of the CIA, and a supporter of Hillary Clinton before the election. I find it hard to put any real credence in anything that the man says.”
Coyle noted that Brennan broke with his predecessors who stayed out of elections. Several weeks before the vote, he made it very clear he was pulling for Hillary. His deputy Mike Morell even came out and publicly endorsed her in the New York Times, claiming Trump was an “unwitting agent” of Moscow.
Brennan isn't just a Democrat. He's a radical leftist who in 1980 — during the height of the Cold War — voted for a Communist Party candidate for president.
When Brennan rants about the dangers of strongman Vladimir Putin targeting our elections and subverting our democratic process, does he not catch at least a glimpse of his own reflection?
What he and the rest of the Obama gang did has inflicted more damage on the integrity of our electoral process than anything the Russians have done.
Paul Sperry is the author of “Infiltration: How Muslim Spies and Subversives Have Penetrated Washington.”
An animal charity rescued 13 zoo animals from Aleppo, Syria, with the assistance of the Turkish government. The animals were moved to their new home in Jerash, Jordan, on August 11.
Advertisement
Missionaries get prison time for abusing adopted children WICHITA, Kan. — A Kansas missionary couple has been sentenced to two years and eight months in prison for giving brutal, religion-inspired beatings to two of the three children they...
Couple accused of locking up adopted kids without food or water An Arizona couple kept their four adoptive children locked up for hours without food, water, light — or even the use of a bathroom, according to a report. Benito Gutierrez,...
Adoptive parents charged in death of girl missing in 2011 SALISBURY, N.C. — North Carolina authorities say the adoptive parents of a girl who was missing for years before her body was found will be charged with murder. Rowan County...
Bill would let adoptees find out if they have biological siblings Adopted New Yorkers looking to unite with biological siblings may finally get a chance. A new bill in Albany would allow adoptees 21 or older to petition the courts to...
Preacher uncle of 'horror house' kids wants to adopt them The preacher uncle of the 13 kids found imprisoned and starving in their filthy California home wants to adopt the brood — but authorities first want to question him about...
I met my son on the New York City subway Most New Yorkers would feel lucky to find a dollar on the subway. But Matthew Greene found something better: a son. Greene, a 30-year-old teacher who lives in Harlem, first...
Cop adopts baby from opioid-addicted homeless woman A police officer is being called a “guardian angel” after responding to reports of a robbery ended up with him agreeing to adopt a homeless pregnant woman's baby. Albuquerque police...
Here's how ridiculously expensive it is to adopt Adoption is unaffordable. A private adoption can run, on average, as much as $40,000 or more, according to American Adoptions. That's a price that's out of reach for many Americans...
How to step up and promote adoption House Republicans' initial tax-reform plan removed the adoption tax credit, which helps families defray the high cost of adoption. The backlash was swift. Conservatives argued the move ran contrary to...
Vikas Gupta Was Asked To Comment On Shilpa-Hina Twitter War
When Vikas Gupta, the second runner-up of Bigg Boss 11, was asked about the same, he refused to comment on it as he didn't want his, Shilpa and Hina's fan clubs to get into war zone.
Vikas Refused To Comment
Vikas was quoted by Spotboye as saying, "Honestly, I wouldn't like to give my take on this. Shilpa did what she had to. If I side her, Hina's fans will attack me. If I side Hina, Shilpa's fans will attack me."
The Producer Didn't Want Their Fans To Get Into War Zone
"Either way, my fans will get embroiled, and within no time, our three accounts and our fan clubs will define a war zone." He further added, "Bigg Boss 11 is over, at least for me. Let's move on with our lives, man."
Vikas & Shilpa
It has to be recalled that Vikas Gupta and Shilpa Shinde had major fights in the Bigg Boss 11 house during the initial days. Because of Shilpa's torture, Vikas had also tried to escape from the house. But later the duo became friends.
Vikas & Shilpa's On & Off Friendship!
The duo had also planned to do a show (web series) together, but later Shilpa revealed that she didn't want to do a show with Vikas! Forget Bigg Boss 11 house, we can never understand what's on Shilpa and Vikas' mind!
Hina & Vikas
Moving on to Hina Khan and Vikas' relationship inside the house, the duo didn't share great bond inside the house, although they seemed friendly in the end of the show. Post Bigg Boss 11, Vikas, Hina, Rocky and Priyank had a mini reunion. All of them had a gala time.
Vikas Plays Safe
Vikas Gupta is no doubt called as mastermind! He played safe inside the Bigg Boss house (by becoming Shilpa's friend and taking Hina's side as well). Even now, he is taking no chance as both Hina and Shilpa has huge fan base!
Police confirmed Monday the arrest of a 65-year-old who is accused of lewdness and sex acts while as a school employee.
Las Vegas Metro police released the booking photo for Randall Minyard in the case. He was booked last Friday into Clark County Detention Center on counts of first-offense lewdness with a child under 14 years old and sex act by a school employee with a pupil, 16 to 17 years old.
The police department did not immediately disclose other details of his arrest.
Clark County School District confirmed Minyard's employment as a substitute teacher at Sandy Searles Miller Elementary School. He was hired on Jan. 30 this year, but, as of Monday, is no longer employed with the district. CCSD did not disclose the specific reason for his ouster.
A 72-hour hearing was set for Wednesday.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Prestigious Travel Awards Recognize Avoya's Patented Live Leads and Success Promoting Travel Agents' Value in Modern Vacation Planning
FT. LAUDERDALE, FL--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - Avoya Travel®, one of the travel industry's most innovative brands, has won five Travel Weekly magazine Magellan Awards. The awards recognize Avoya's innovation and leadership in the travel industry with marketing and best-in-class initiatives that create a unique and better vacation planning and booking experience for customers and travel professionals.
Avoya's innovation in travel and advancements in marketing were widely recognized with Magellan Awards for 'Promotional Video' and 'Advertising/Marketing Campaign' and two awards in the 'Web Marketing/Advertising' category. Avoya's Live Leads™ program, which is powered by the company's marketing and patented Lead Processing Engine™ to generate new customer leads for Independent Agencies in the Avoya Network™, won 'Travel Agent Innovation.' The awards validate Avoya's commitment to connecting customers with travel professionals for the best planning and booking experience and to helping more Independent Agencies than ever before build successful businesses with new clients. The Magellan Award highlights include:
Avoya's Dynamic Remarketing creates relevant online experiences for consumers with tailored marketing. The initiative is increasing consumers' likelihood to book with an Independent Agency in the Avoya Network, and ultimately generates thousands of new Live Leads for the Avoya Network.
creates relevant online experiences for consumers with tailored marketing. The initiative is increasing consumers' likelihood to book with an Independent Agency in the Avoya Network, and ultimately generates thousands of new Live Leads for the Avoya Network. Avoya's Online Sweepstakes , Win a Cruise Vacation Tailored To You From Avoya Travel, leveraged a targeted marketing campaign to generate unprecedented consumer engagement and interest in connecting with Independent Agencies in the Avoya Network.
, Win a Cruise Vacation Tailored To You From Avoya Travel, leveraged a targeted marketing campaign to generate unprecedented consumer engagement and interest in connecting with Independent Agencies in the Avoya Network. Avoya's Beyond the Web® Brand Video Series dramatically expanded awareness of the Avoya brand as a unique, better type of travel company. Consumers can see the value of booking with an Independent Agency in the Avoya Network as Avoya places travel professionals at the center of the modern vacation planning process in the series of three videos.
dramatically expanded awareness of the Avoya brand as a unique, better type of travel company. Consumers can see the value of booking with an Independent Agency in the Avoya Network as Avoya places travel professionals at the center of the modern vacation planning process in the series of three videos. Elevating Travel Agents is Avoya's integrated trade marketing campaign that redefined the role of the modern-day travel agent in the vacation planning process. By highlighting the importance of travel professionals, Avoya is creating more awareness for travel as a business opportunity and consequently is experiencing the fastest network growth seen in years.
is Avoya's integrated trade marketing campaign that redefined the role of the modern-day travel agent in the vacation planning process. By highlighting the importance of travel professionals, Avoya is creating more awareness for travel as a business opportunity and consequently is experiencing the fastest network growth seen in years. Patented Live Leads is the only complete solution to one of travel agents' biggest challenges - finding and keeping new customers. Available 24/7/365 at no additional cost, Live Leads enable Independent Agencies in the Avoya Network to be more successful because they can focus on relationships, selling, and generating some of the highest incomes in the travel industry.
"We are thrilled to receive top industry recognition for Avoya Travel's dedication to supporting the Independent Agencies in the Avoya Network and delivering exceptional vacation experiences to customers," said Brad Anderson, President of Avoya Travel. "We continue to innovate for the future of travel and drive advancements in how customers and travel professionals can better connect, plan, and book cruises and vacations."
The annual Travel Weekly Magellan Awards distinguish the best in travel across the entire spectrum of industry segments and salute outstanding travel professionals. Winners are selected by Travel Weekly editors and industry experts such as Peter Greenberg, Travel Editor for CBS News' The Early Show; John Lampl, Senior Airline Executive with British Airways; Patricia Schultz, Author of 1,000 Places to See Before You Die; and many more.
About Avoya Travel:
Avoya Travel is a family-owned company with a longstanding reputation for being one of the world's most innovative marketing and travel technology companies. As an American Express Travel Representative for more than 30 years, and one of their largest sellers of cruises and tours, Avoya is deeply committed to Integrity and Professionalism™, service, and value in every aspect of planning cruises and vacations. Through an elite network of independently owned and operated travel agencies, Avoya provides exclusive discounts, amenities, and first-class customer service to travelers worldwide. Cruise lines and travel partners recognize this, as Avoya has received numerous accolades, including being repeatedly named Travel Partner of the Year by Norwegian Cruise Line, Royal Caribbean, Celebrity Cruises, Carnival Cruises, American Express, Oceania Cruises, and more. Today, Avoya is headquartered in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, with support offices throughout the United States.
Travel agency owners, travel professionals, and others interested in owning and operating their own travel business should contact Avoya Travel at 800-521-2597 or visit www.JoinAvoya.com. Travelers interested in booking their next vacation with Avoya Travel, should call 800-753-1463 or visit www.AvoyaTravel.com.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
BUSINESS
UK-based online gambling operator Sky Betting & Gaming (SkyBet) has thrown its support behind Scientific Games Corporation's impending acquisition of NYX Gaming Group Ltd.
In a statement, SkyBet said the successful acquisition of NYX by U.S. gaming technology provider Scientific Games Corp. (Sci Games) will deliver great value to the Canadian-listed NYX's shareholders. SkyBet is a minority investor in NYX, owning close to 1.65 million ordinary shares and 412,000 warrants in the company, as well as 37,400 convertible preference shares in a NYX subsidiary.
“We look forward to continuing to work with a combined Scientific Games and NYX as more jurisdictions around the world look to legalize sports betting and online gaming,” SkyBet CEO Richard Flint said in a statement.
SkyBet's statement comes on the heels of Sci Games' announcement that it entered into an independent agreement to support the previously announced acquisition of NYX for CAD2.40 (US$1.87) per ordinary share. For the acquisition to move forward, NYX and Sci Games need to get the approval of their shareholders, who are scheduled to meet on December 20 in Las Vegas.
Aside from SkyBet, proxy advisory firms Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. and Glass Lewis and Co. also recommended that NYX shareholders vote to approve the acquisition.
Sci Games first announced its intention to buy NYX in September as part of its plan to expand its existing digital gaming and online gambling portfolio.
The plan, however, hit a snag after British bookmaker William Hill threatened to block the deal unless it received certain assurances regarding the continuity of its arrangement with sports betting provider OpenBet, which NYX controls. This prompted NYX and Sci Games to lodge twin anti-trust suits against Hills. Last week, Sci Games and Hills settled their differences with a deal “to end all litigation among the parties.”
The parties have also reached a new commercial agreement that apparently satisfies Hills' previous concerns regarding its relationship with OpenBet.
Comments
Guests returning from the wedding of Benny Shabtai and former beauty queen Stacey Cooper are still raving about the fireworks, beach ceremony and big-name performances.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
LOS ANGELES (CBS Local) – Live Nation is kicking off the summer season by offering music lovers a big discount on tickets to thousands of live events.
The events promoter is celebrating the start of National Concert Week with $20 “all-in” tickets to over 2,000 of the company's tour of summer concerts. The deal starts on April 30 and runs through May 8 on Live Nation's website.
SAVE THE DATE: National Concert Week is almost here! To celebrate summer concert season, Live Nation is offering $20 all-in tickets to +1,500 shows from April 30 – May 8! https://t.co/oTfUUapt4J pic.twitter.com/jxMs8QzDYc — Live Nation (@LiveNation) April 23, 2018
According to a press release, the National Concert Week promotion will offer over 1.5 million tickets to live performances for “Comedy, Country, Hip-Hop, Latin, Metal, Rock, Pop and more.”
“National Concert Week is a time for artists and fans to celebrate their love of live music,” the company added.
During the special ticket offer, fans can cash in on live performances featuring dozens of stars including Alan Jackson, Bon Jovi, Kevin Hart, Keith Urban, Shakira, and many more. A full list of the shows fans can buy tickets for is available at livenation.com.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Zenith's VR is the highest assigned by Fitch to a Nigerian bank…Fitch Ratings has affirmed Zenith Bank Plc's Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) at ‘B+' with the Outlook Negative. Also, the lender's Viability Rating (VR) was affirmed at ‘b+' and its Support Rating at ‘5'.
Fitch said Zenith Bank's IDRs are driven by its standalone creditworthiness, defined by the VR. The VR is constrained by Nigeria's sovereign rating and the Negative Outlook on the Long-Term IDR mirrors the Outlook on Nigeria's sovereign rating (B+/Negative).
This reflects the bank's established franchise in Nigeria where it controls an overall markets share of around 16%. The franchise is particularly strong in the corporate segment. Loss-absorption capacity is strong relative to peers and management has demonstrated its ability to deliver a good performance through volatile operating cycles.
Fitch views Zenith's management team positively. Decision-making is well spread across a broad number of executives to minimise reliance on individuals. Achieving targets in a volatile operating environment can be difficult but Zenith's execution is strong relative to peers. The bank's strategy is primarily to continue to service leading corporate clients.
The loan book represents around 45% of assets, which is lower than international banks, but in line with the average for large Nigerian banks. Zenith's underwriting standards and risk controls compare favourably with the average for rated peers. Reported impaired loans are low as a percentage of gross loans (around 4%) and reserve coverage is above 100%. Lending to the oil and gas sector represents around 30% of total loans, average for the sector, and the top 20 loans represent around one-quarter of total loans, which is lower than average comparative figures reported by large Nigerian banks (around 40%).
The bank's performance metrics compare favourably with peers. Margins are narrower, reflecting the corporate focus, but loan impairment charges also tend to be lower, as could be expected given the more resilient nature of the bank's clients. Cost control has been reasonable considering high inflation in Nigeria. In 2018, we expect profitability to decline for many Nigerian banks, reflecting weak loan growth, lower Treasury Bill issuance and falling yields on these government securities. IFRS-9 will also result in a rise in loan impairment charges, although this is likely to be containable at Zenith.
Zenith's capital adequacy ratios are among the strongest in Nigeria and leverage ratios are stable. The bank's relative capital strengths are a positive ratings differentiator.
Like most Nigerian banks, deposits provide the bulk of funding (72% of total non-equity funding at end-September 2017). Deposits from corporate customers represented 57% of consolidated deposits at end-September 2017, but these tend to be stable.
Zenith issued a five-year USD500 million senior bonds in the international capital markets in June 2017. Zenith's ability to access international market funding, even in times of stress for Nigeria's economy, is credit positive in our view, providing the bank with funding diversification and access to longer-term finance.
Zenith's foreign currency (FC) liquidity position shows no apparent signs of stress over a 12-month horizon. The bank holds a sizeable FC liquid asset buffer and its ability to continue to honour FC obligations even during recent periods of extreme FC stress in the Nigerian banking sector demonstrates Zenith's close attention to the management of its FC liquidity position.
The Long-Term National Rating has been affirmed at ‘AA-(nga)'. National Ratings reflect Zenith's creditworthiness relative to the country's best credit and to peers operating in Nigeria.
SENIOR DEBT
Senior debt issued by Zenith is rated at the same level as the bank's IDRs because in our view, the likelihood of default on these notes reflects the likelihood of default of the bank. The Recovery Rating (RR) assigned to these notes is ‘RR4' indicating average recovery prospects.
SUPPORT RATING AND SUPPORT RATING FLOOR
Fitch believes that sovereign support to Nigerian banks cannot be relied on given Nigeria's weak ability to provide support, particularly in FC. In addition, there are no clear messages from the authorities regarding their willingness to support the banking system. Therefore, the Support Rating Floor of all Nigerian banks is ‘No Floor' and all Support Ratings are ‘5'. This reflects our view that senior creditors cannot rely on receiving full and timely extraordinary support from the Nigerian sovereign if any of the banks become non-viable.
RATING SENSITIVITIES
IDRS, NATIONAL RATINGS AND VR
The bank's IDRs, National Ratings and VR are sensitive to changes in Nigeria's operating environment and to factors impacting Zenith's intrinsic creditworthiness. The operating environment is unlikely to improve until the outlook for the sovereign rating improves. Zenith's ratings are sensitive to a significant deterioration in asset quality and a resultant weakening of loss absorption capacity. This is not our base case. Upside potential for the ratings is limited given the operating environment.
SUPPORT RATING AND SUPPORT RATING FLOOR
The SR is potentially sensitive to any change in assumptions around the propensity or ability of the sovereign to provide timely support to the bank.
SENIOR DEBT
Ratings on the senior debt will change in line with the bank's IDRs.
The rating actions are as follows:
Long-Term IDR affirmed at ‘B+'; Outlook Negative
Short-Term IDR affirmed at ‘B'
Viability Rating affirmed at ‘b+'
National Long-Term Rating: affirmed at ‘AA-(nga)'
National Short-Term Rating affirmed at ‘F1+(nga)'
Support Rating affirmed at ‘5'
Support Rating Floor affirmed at ‘NF'
Long-term senior unsecured debt issues affirmed at ‘B+'/'RR4'
Short-term senior unsecured debt affirmed at ‘B'
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
Not a family member, friend or even an acquaintance.
It took weeks to identify the body – a task accomplished by the Ramsey County Medical Examiner's office in St. Paul through fingerprints.
Locating Sabal's family has proven much more difficult.
Dilworth police investigator Hunter Rawson appealed to the public through the media in late July for help. Rawson said he's tried about every angle.
“No one's claimed him, no one's reported him missing. It's kind of sad,” he said.
According to the death certificate, Sabal likely died from problems related to his heart or blood vessels.
Clay County doesn't have a coroner or medical examiner, so it contracts with Ramsey County for those services.
Lori Hedicano, chief investigator in the Ramsey County Medical Examiner's office, said Sabal's body remains in a freezer in the morgue.
“I can't remember the last time we couldn't find next of kin,” she said.
Sabal will likely be buried in Clay County barring any last-minute discovery.
The professionals who make arrangements following a death say it's rare to come up empty in the search for family.
What happens more often is that family is found but they're estranged from the decedent and want nothing to do with the body.
The end result is the same, with county coroners and funeral homes dealing with the burial without any family input.
Cass County deputy coroner Kriste Ross said some who die may want it that way.
“If you think of it, they're dying alone. That isn't how I'd want to die, but some people do,” Ross said.
Feuds, addiction are factors
Cass County coroner Dr. John Baird said it's not his office's responsibility to find family members of the deceased, but they do what they can.
“At some point there has to be a final disposition, and it often falls to the funeral home,” Baird said.
Family fights, mental health problems and addiction can all be factors in a scenario where no one comes forward to claim a loved one who dies.
Jeff Baer, a licensed funeral director at Boulger Funeral home in Fargo, said it happens about once a year.
He describes a recent case, where a woman was notified about the death of her brother.
“The sister hung up every time we called,” Baer said. “We had a pastor call her and the same thing happened.”
Baer said in most cases in North Dakota, a body needs to be buried or cremated within eight days of the death.
Without family approval, Baer said the funeral home can't cremate the body, but will bury it instead.
“Then if a family decides they want to do something different, they can,” he said.
Graveside service
Deputy coroner Ross said if a decedent's family can't be found toward the end of that eight-day window, a funeral home will put a short death notice in the newspaper as a last resort of notification.
Then, the coroner's office and funeral home prepare for a short service and burial at Springvale Cemetery, a county-owned plot off University Drive and 32nd Ave. N. in Fargo.
Baer said the once-private cemetery dates back to the late 1800s. Since the county took it over in the 1980s, most burials have been of people with no family members or who can't afford a cemetery plot.
Baer handles all arrangements through Springvale. When no family is involved, he helps find a clergy member to say a few words during the short graveside service.
If family comes forward at a later date and asks what was done at the burial, “we'll say we did our best,” Baer said.
Sometimes, it's just the funeral director, coroner and clergy who go to the cemetery. If they see others who could possibly be estranged family or acquaintances, they leave to give them privacy.
The last unclaimed burial involved a man named Najeeb Mekha Maroki, who died in 2014 at age 73.
Ross asked a deacon from her church to come out, and a funeral director brought a violin to play briefly before Maroki's body was lowered into the ground.
“It was nice that somebody had a final farewell and wasn't buried alone,” Ross said.
Downtown Barrington brewery set to debut this weekend
hello
Barrington's first brewery not only is expected to bring energy to a mall in a 113-year-old building, but also serve as a potential regional draw for the village's downtown.
O'Brien family members are set to open Flesk Brewing Co. at noon Saturday at the Ice House Mall and Village Shops. The nanobrewery ended its production-only business in Lombard last year in favor of operating a tap room with seating for roughly 75 guests in the Ice House space.
Flesk, which started brewing in January 2013, has extensively remodeled space on the mall's east side that had been vacant for about five years, with the decor featuring brewing tanks, exposed brick, and a bar and tables handcrafted by Peter O'Brien. It joins longtime tenant Chessie's restaurant and other businesses in the historic structure originally occupied by Bowman Dairy in 1904.
"I believe it will absolutely add pizzazz," Ice House marketing director Maria Straussner said of Flesk. "Everyone is abuzz about the opening."
Will O'Brien said he hopes Flesk brings new patrons to Barrington who decide to visit other downtown businesses. He said Barrington landed on Flesk's radar, in part, because of the downtown Metra commuter rail stop that allows patrons from well outside the village to visit without driving.
"I kind of hope we bring that to Barrington, something that's just a little bit more unique to an area," O'Brien said as he took a break making final touches to the brewery. "There are a few breweries around here that are great and they do phenomenal things, but there's nothing like this here in the downtown setting specifically like us."
Barrington's economic and community development director, Peg Blanchard, said Flesk's arrival is part of an overall increase in the village's dining and night life options. Among the choices are McGonigal's Pub, Alley 59, Neoteca Pizza and Wine Bar, Shirley's Piano Bar, Remember Charlotte's Pizza and Shakou.
"Flesk opening up just really continues on that entertainment theme," Blanchard said, "that you can come down to the village center and there are a lot of things to do."
Flesk produced about 80 barrels of beer in its first year. It grew to roughly 240 barrels, with self distribution across the Chicago area, before production ceased in Lombard so the O'Brien family could focus on opening the Barrington tap room.
In 2016, the Barrington village board gave permission for Flesk to serve wine, cider and some hard alcohol in addition to its beer. James O'Brien said Flesk's beer will be produced exclusively for the tap room to start.
"In the future, we might increase our tank size," he said. "We might start bottling or canning beer and selling it, distributing. But that's kind of down the road."
Flesk will not serve food, so patrons may bring their own grub or have deliveries made from local restaurants.
Will O'Brien, the oldest of five brothers, said the brewery's name came from ghost stories their father told them about Flesk Castle in Killarney, Ireland.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- More than a thousand students evacuated University Academy Monday after sensors detected a freon leak in their building.
Administrators at the school, located at 68th Street and Holmes Road, quickly decided to cancel classes for the day.
"We thought we were coming in here to have a normal day of school," said Tony Kline, University Academy superintendent. "Obviously we had to make the decision to cancel school at 7:35 a.m. is pretty tough. Hard on families too, but they have been great. They have come back and have been really supportive. It's always better to be safe than sorry, make sure you get these things right."
Alarms sounded throughout the school at about 7:30 a.m., just as students were entering the building.
Firefighters rushed to the charter school and determined that freon was leaking from the building's cooling system.
The gas can make you sick if you breathe too much of it, so all of the kids in this kindergarten through 12th grade school evacuated outside to the football field.
The school notified parents and buses returned to bring students home, because the repair work on the system is expected to take much of the day.
"This school is amazing with the kids," said Shaya Duncan, as she picked up her 11-year-old son. "They take care of them. Everything, they did everything they should have. They alerted parents immediately and I got right back up here."
Some parents may have to take time off of work to watch their children, but classes are expected to resume Tuesday.
This is a fairly new building -- only 12 years old -- and nothing like this has ever happened here previously.
With the solar eclipse coming next week, administrators are concerned about losing two consecutive Mondays to disruptions. But the charter school says kids returned to classes last week eager to learn.
From Kalida Landon
HANOVER, Pa. (December 9, 2017) – Drivers, crew members and personnel celebrated another successful season at Trail-Way Speedway, Saturday night at the Southeastern Adams Volunteer Emergency Services Hall in Hanover, PA. Awards were presented to 33 drivers from the six main divisions that raced during Trail-Way's 45th season. Trail-Way Speedway track announcer and banquet emcee, Scott Hockensmith, thanked Hoosier Tire Mid-Atlantic, Precise Racing Products, Trone Outdoor, Insinger Performance and Crown Trophy for their season sponsorship.
Steve Owings won his first Hoosier Tire Mid-Atlantic 358 Sprint Car championship. Owings claimed the title by 37 points over Isaac Sneeringer. Owings' season was highlighted by five wins and 13 top fives out of 14 starts. Sneeringer also had a great season claiming three wins including the Insinger Fuels Spring Championship. Steven Kisamore was awarded the 2017 358 Sprint Car Rookie of the Year award.
The Precise Racing Products 358 Late Model Series championship was awarded to Travis Mease. Mease's season highlights featured seven top fives in ten starts.
Brian Walls was named the 2017 Street Stock champion. Walls dominated the division with six wins and ten top fives in 11 starts. Runner-up, Jeremy Stremmel, posted three wins with seven top fives in 11 feature starts. John Wright received top honors for the 2017 Street Stock Rookie of the Year award.
Brad Weber claimed the 600cc Micro Sprint title over the young up-and-comer, Zane Rudisill. Weber's season included three wins with seven top fives in nine feature starts. While Rudisill finished the season winless, he did compile four top fives and six top tens in nine feature starts. Mike Sherman was named the 2017 600cc Micro Sprint Rookie of the Year.
Brian Marriott claimed the 270cc Micro Sprint championship by 16 points over Levi Peck. Marriott's season highlights featured two wins, one of which was on opening day, eight top fives and ten top tens in ten feature starts. Branstin Shue was awarded the 2017 270cc Micro Sprint Rookie of the Year award.
The Limited Stock championship was awarded to Jason Chronister. Chronister's first track championship was highlighted by three wins and 11 top fives in 14 feature starts. Runner-up, Robbie Carroll, finished 27 points behind Chronister with six wins and 11 top fives finishes in 16 starts. Matt Worley was awarded the 2017 Limited Stock Rookie of the Year award.
The 45th annual event included awards such as the “Armin Hostetter Annual Appreciation Award” given to Sherril “Pop” Guise, an award for the Trail-Way Speedway Central PA Legends track champion, Chris Transeau, and the annual Lynn Sheaffer Video Award, presented to Roy Denike.
Brad Hostetter, race director, announced opening race dates for the 2018 season. Trail-Way Speedway's 46th season will open with a practice session on Saturday, March 24, followed by the first of three AMA Motorcycle Short Track races, Saturday, March 31. The 600 & 270 Micros along with the Central PA Legends will kick off the 2018 race season, Saturday, April 7. The Friday night opener will be April 13, and will feature the Hoosier Tire Mid-Atlantic 358 Sprint Cars and the Large Tire Street Stocks. The 2018 schedule will be posted to the website once it is finalized.
The Large Tire Street Stocks will be a part of our weekly Friday night racing series in 2018. Trail-Way track management and tech inspectors put a lot of time in this offseason to compile a very competitive and thorough rules package.
Additional improvements for the 2018 racing season include the addition of 20 loads of clay, re-painted walls, upgraded LED pit lights and a new fire aide suppression system which is portable and non-toxic to the driver. The scales in the pits have been raised and will be operational and we anticipate adding new LED track lights to the speedway in the coming months.
Motorama Races and Shows will be held at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex in Harrisburg, PA on February 17-18, 2018. Be sure to join us for the nation's largest all indoor motorsports event with one million square feet of exhibit space and five rooms of racing! Discount tickets are available through the website www.motoramaevents.com until February 5, 2018. For more information, visit the website.
For all the latest news and related information from Trail-Way Speedway, fans are reminded to visit the speedway website at www.trail-wayspeedway.com or the Speedway's Facebook page www.facebook.com/trailwayspeedway. The complete story and agate from each race night is posted shortly after the final checkered flag falls.
Image copyright Family of Matthew Hitchman Image caption Matthew Hitchman was a "caring, well-liked student who was highly regarded" by pupils and teachers, the school said
A sixth former drowned in Ecuador while on a school trip when he fell off a raft and his foot became wedged between rocks, an inquest heard.
Guides struggled to rescue Matthew Hitchman, 17, but failed because of the strong currents swirling around him.
The inquest in Buckinghamshire heard the student at the Royal Grammar School in High Wycombe died in the white-water river on 6 August last year.
Coroner Crispin Butler recorded a verdict of death by misadventure.
Mr Hitchman and 11 other pupils were on an educational trip working on a community project aimed at providing tourism income in a remote area.
Before the trip, near the town of Tena, guides briefed the pupils and each received a life jacket, safety helmet and an oar, the inquest heard.
That afternoon they were in rapids on the Hollin River in an area where recent heavy rains had caused flooding, damaged bridges and rock slides.
Arms flailing
The raft hit rocks and turned sideways tipping Mr Hitchman and another boy, who was unharmed, in to the river.
Mr Hitchman's head, with the safety helmet still on, was visible just below the surface but he was trapped and his arms were flailing, the inquest heard.
Two boys went into the water but failed to free him despite help from a guide pulling on a rope.
After recording the verdict the coroner commended all those who had tried to save the boy.
Philip Wayne, the school's headmaster said in a statement the six former had been a "caring, friendly and well liked student highly regarded by teachers and fellow pupils".
Two boys who had gone into the water later received bravery awards.
This time of year everyone is thinking about getting healthy but have you ever thought about improving your financial fitness
Surprisingly, making a few small changes to your lifestyle will not only make your bank balance healthier, you might live a bit longer to spend it too! Plus, you get the added incentive of literally earning money by keeping your New Year's resolution.
How to Improve Your Finances
A healthy lifestyle can help to reduce the cost of life insurance and protection policies such as income protection, critical illness and health insurance.
The experts from comparison site, MoneyGuru.com have released their top tips for trimming down your financial waistline. So put down the chocolates, and feast on these nuggets of financial wisdom instead…
1. Cut the junk food
Junk food might seem like the cheap and easy option but it is costing you money in the long run. Eating healthily will not only make you feel better it will save you money too. Making a meal-plan for the week or month is good karma and more cost effective too. Buying raw ingredients means you will have healthier meals and you will spend less on pre-prepared food which is full of hidden nasties.
2. Exercise more
You don't need to pay for an expensive gym. You can go for a walk, take the stairs instead of the lift or even watch a fitness video on YouTube!
Using technology to monitor individual's behaviour will become more and more common for health insurance providers which is great because it is based on actual evidence rather than assumptions. Some healthcare insurers in the US already offer customers free fitness trackers with the incentives of lowering premiums or other benefits to meet daily exercise goals.
3. Cut out little indulgences
Try cutting out one thing from your diet, like biscuits or that cheeky glass of wine with dinner. Losing weight and getting healthier can lower the price of your health and life insurance – glorious news for your body and your wallet.
4. Stop smoking
No doubt you've heard it all before, saying no to cigarettes will improve your finances and your health? Aside from all of the health related benefits of giving up smoking, if you smoke a pack a day you will spend an average of £3000 a year. Meditate on that!
5. Get enough sleep
Not sleeping for 24 hours can make your body perform as if it is over the alcohol limit for driving. You wouldn't sort out your finances while you were drunk, so don't do it without enough sleep. Lack of sleep drives you to make bad decisions – like drastically overpaying for something or not reading small print – and also increases snacking both leading to spending more money that you need to. Rest well and make more enlightened decisions.
6. The secret of success
Richard Branson once said that the key to his productivity was ‘working out' and he is worth roughly 5 gazillion pounds. It's true too. Exercising and being generally healthier improves brain functionality (including increasing your memory and helping you to make faster decisions), decreases stress and lessens your chance of dying on the job. Not dying is definitely a wise move.
7. Brag about your achievements!
Living a healthy lifestyle can help to reduce the cost of protection policies such as life-insurance, income protection, critical illness and health insurance. Life and health insurance take into account your medical history and your lifestyle so being a smoker or overweight can have a dramatic effect on your policy.
If you have recently made a big, enlightened change to your lifestyle make sure that you let your insurer know, or even compare different providers to find one that will reward you for making the change.
8. And finally…
Don't forget, the fitter you are, the easier it is to chase people that owe you money…
LONDON: British Muslim Muna Jama has made headlines around the world in recent days for winning the right to wear a kaftan, rather than a bikini, in the swimwear section of the Miss Universe Great Britain beauty pageant.
Although the 27-year-old did not win the competition, she is making giant strides for women who wish to dress as they please.
The media spotlight on her fight to wear a kaftan has also given her a platform to highlight issues she cares passionately about, namely helping to tackle illegal migration and child abuse in East Africa. As part of her efforts to raise awareness on the matters, she co-founded Cloudless Research, a start-up focusing on humanitarian issues.
Arab News caught up with Jama in her home city of London. She certainly has striking looks — she is slim with fine features and large, expressive eyes. She was simply dressed for the interview in jeans, a white T-shirt and a well-cut jacket. Model looks aside, she is evidently someone with a very clear idea of what she wants to do in terms of bringing attention to the causes she is championing. She is well equipped to shape her message with a bachelor's degree in media and communications from Goldsmiths, University of London.
After graduating, she worked in the sales department at Mercedes-Benz but her life changed completely when, in 2015, she saw tragic images of desperate people dying in their attempts to cross the Mediterranean. She gave up her job and traveled to Somalia and Egypt to meet refugees in an effort to understand their plight and their motivation for fleeing their homelands.“In Sabah, near Cairo, I met many people who were promised new lives if they made the sea and land crossings. These vulnerable people who fled from Somalia due to the civil war told me their stories — many have lost family members and are homeless. Some do not have the skill sets or language proficiency to work — some are working as maids or domestic workers.“In Somalia, I saw so much potential but this is one of the poorest countries in the world. The people are hardworking but they don't have the resources to help themselves. They need international support,” she said.She believes that much more focus needs to be put on solving the problems within the countries from which people are fleeing — poverty, oppression and strife.To understand the route she has chosen to take, it helps to learn more about her family background. Jama was born in Jeddah, her parents, both born in Somaliland, migrated to Saudi Arabia from their homeland when her father's livestock trade business ran into difficulties due to the civil war. The family subsequently moved to the UK when Jama was just one-month-old and settled in Forest Gate, east London. She is one of ten children — seven boys and three girls. The family are a devout Muslims who regularly attend prayers at the local mosque.“My religion is a big part of me. I am trying to live my religion as best I know — following the Qur'an,” she said.She grew up in a majority-Christian area alongside other faiths and cultures. “We always respected each other's differences,” she said.Jama said that, as a schoolgirl, she was interested in clothes and fashion and following certain celebrities, such as Rihanna, but not in an excessive way.“I like dressing up but I have never modeled,” she said. “In terms of my dress — I pretty much wear what I want to wear. My family are very open minded.”Her mother and grandmother wear the hijab and Jama said that she too would be happy to wear a head covering in the future. She was particularly close to her grandmother who recently passed away in tragic circumstances. She was traveling to Somaliland where Jama was going to surprise her with the news that she was entering the Miss Universe Great Britain competition after winning the right to compete in a kaftan during the swimwear portion of the pageant.“I was very excited to tell her the news that I was going to re-enter with the intention of going through to the finals,” she said.Sadly, that conversation never took place as her grandmother died during the flight. This loss is still raw and clearly the influence of her grandmother and her support is something Jama greatly treasures. Indeed, she credits her grandmother and her mother as strong role models in her life.Jama is keen to state that the competition organizer and all 40 women competing alongside her in the pageant were supportive from the outset regarding her decision to wear a kaftan and she in turn respects their choice to wear swimwear. She has received many messages of support from men and women of different cultures and faith groups from all around the world.She feels it is important that women should not be pigeon-holed and points out that women participating in beauty pageants often use their role to fight for humanitarian causes.For the time being, Jama is focused on raising awareness on migration issues and is caught in the middle of a media storm.“I am just a girl from east London. I am overwhelmed at the moment, I didn't expect to get this level of attention. I don't represent a race, religion or country — I represent me. I am Muslim and Somalian and proud of this but my actions are my own,” she said.She has set her course and is determined to put the publicity to good use.
District 211 budget paves way for debt-free future
hello
As classes resume this week, Palatine-Schaumburg High School District 211 finds its financial situation in a year of historic highs and lows.
On the positive side, the tentative annual budget school board members will consider Thursday is poised to make the district debt-free for the first time.
But the past year brought stress to the revenue side from a record $9 million in property tax refunds due to successful appeals, considerably above the recent annual average of $5.5 million.
To the best the district can determine, this was likely the result of a concerted effort by the state to clear a backlog of appeals and may not necessarily represent a new normal, Chief Operating Officer Lauren Hummel said.
All things considered, however, the situation shows the result of years of work to put the district in position to handle many of the unknowns that may lie ahead, officials said.
"We are extremely confident we can maintain the quality of our education programs and financial stability moving forward," Controller and Treasurer Barbara Peterson said.
By using a portion of reserves to pay off the last $3.1 million of bond debt by the end of 2017, District 211 will be debt-free for the first time in its history
"It's a financial highlight for any school district or community," Superintendent Dan Cates said.
The next goal will be to stay that way as long as possible.
A lack of interest payments for debt on capital projects -- instead using savings to pay for the projects -- will lower the property taxes the district will need to levy each December, Cates said.
That sends a message that the district is mindful of the same financial pressures its taxpayers face, Cates said.
Though District 211 officials could not say how common being debt-free is among school districts in the region, it's a goal one of its feeder districts, Schaumburg Township Elementary District 54, reached in 2011.
The tentative District 211 budgets $249.3 million in revenue is based largely on last December's levy, which saw a 0.3 percent increase -- only a sixth of what the district had the legal authority to raise, he said.
The tentative budget's total expenditures are $268 million, continuing a recent practice of having deliberate deficits as the district whittles its reserves, Hummel said.
Over the past four years, the district has reduced its reserves by 20 percent but remains mindful that at least $80 million -- a third of annual expenditures -- should be maintained as a safety cushion.
As per law, the district's tentative operating budget is in the black with its expenditures at $241.2 million. The budgeted $8.2 million surplus in the operating budget would be retained for future capital improvements.
This summer saw extensive renovations of Schaumburg High School's cafeteria and 14 bathrooms, as well as the reconstruction and relocation of Fremd High School's athletic fields.
Though budget approval is when money is set aside for such projects, next summer's specific projects won't be determined until later.
"We don't want to prematurely commit to large projects," Cates said.
The tentative budget calls for transfers of $23 million in operating reserves for capital improvements, $500,000 in working cash reserves for life-safety projects, and $2 million in the district's Illinois Municipal Retirement Fund reserves for an additional payment toward its unfunded pension liability.
State law requires school districts to approve an annual budget by Sept. 30 after a tentative budget has been on public display at least 30 days.
District 211 board members will consider approving the tentative budget for display at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 17, at the administration building, 1750 S. Roselle Road in Palatine.
They would then consider approval of a final budget on Sept. 28.
CLOSE Dining, shopping, and strolling the grounds of R.W. Norton Art Gallery are all within minutes of this stately home at 6455 Birnamwood Road in Shreveport. Wochit
The home boasts a saltwater pool with an outdoor shower and pool house. (Photo: Jeffery McGee)
The "Mansion on the Market" feature takes readers inside some of the most fabulous homes in Shreveport-Bossier City. Scroll to the bottom to see a gallery of the house.
Dining, shopping, and strolling the grounds of R.W. Norton Art Gallery are all within minutes of this stately home at 6455 Birnamwood Road in Shreveport.
Nestled in the quiet cul-de-sac, the richly designed home entices visitors with lush landscaping and towering columns that grace the arched doorway which opens to a two-story entry with marble and travertine flooring.
Directly past the entry the home opens to a massive space with a two story living area and lovely stone fireplace sure to warm those that visit the hearth. The wall of windows in the room create an even larger feel, bringing the views of the outdoors into the space. Treasures can be displayed at the arched alcove showcasing the excellent craftsmanship.
Overlook the grounds from the private attached garden room. (Photo: Jeffery McGee)
Entertain from the wet bar, perfect for a holiday party and those that enjoy a bar keep while hosting dinner party guests in the formal dining room with China closet and travertine flooring.
Plenty of storage can be found in the kitchen for every cook's gadgets and baking needs with a massive kitchen window providing natural light and beautiful views of the grounds.
Plenty of storage can be found in the kitchen for every cook's gadgets and baking needs with a massive kitchen window providing natural light and beautiful views of the grounds. (Photo: Jeffery McGee)
Listed at $1,240,000, the 4,900 square foot space offers plenty of places to relax with the master suite having been remodeled and a peaceful spot. The sitting area in the suite is perfect for book lovers to place their treasures in the built-ins while enjoying the fireplace or homeowners can overlook the grounds from the private attached garden room.
6455 Birnamwood Road in Shreveport is located within minutes of R.W. Norton Art Gallery. (Photo: Jeffery McGee)
Water lovers will enjoy the serenity of the blue saltwater pool with an outdoor shower and pool house where entertaining is made easy or art lovers can get lost in their work with the art studio in the two-car garage which is heated and cooled.
Call Lisa Hargrove at 393-1003 for a private tour of this in-town beauty.
Read or Share this story: http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/life/luxuryliving/mansiononthemarket/2017/12/11/stately-home-boasts-art-studio-saltwater-pool-heart-shreveport/936252001/
Njan Marykutty, directed by Ranjith Sankar and featuring Jayasurya in the lead role has turned out to be one of the most appreciated movies of the recent times. The film, which had hit the theatres across Kerala on June 15, 2018 is continuing its successful run.
The Jayasurya starrer had hit the theatres in the rest of the parts of the country on June 22, 2018. Now, Njan Marykutty is all set to hit the theatres across the UAE/GCC regions. Reportedly, the film will be gracing the big screens in the UAE/GCC on July 05, 2018. The movie will be released in as many as 32 screens across the UAE and 9 screens in GCC Oman.
Njan Marykutty has received thumbs up from the critics & the audiences and the movie is expected to enjoy a good run in the UAE/GCC as well. Meanwhile, Abrahaminte Santhathikal, the other big release of the previous month has already hit the theatres in the UAE/GCC a couple of weeks ago and has been enjoying a fantabulous run out there.
Apart from Jayasurya, Njan Marykutty also features Aju Varghese, Jewel Mary, Joju George, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Innocent etc., in important roles. Jayasurya has been receiving a lot of praises for his spectacular performance in the movie. The film has its script penned by the director himself.
Indianapolis mayor eyes more officers, anti-crime steps
hello
INDIANAPOLIS -- Indianapolis officials say that in response to a seven-year trend of increasing homicides they'll continue to boost the size of the city's police force and increase support for neighborhood anti-crime efforts.
Mayor Joe Hogsett said Monday that the city's homicide rate is heartbreaking and unacceptable. Police say the city has seen 148 criminal homicides for the year through the weekend, just below the record 149 such killings during 2016.
Hogsett says he aims to add about 150 police officers by the end of 2019 and have more officers assigned to smaller neighborhood beats to better know residents and their crime troubles. He said the city will add five staffers who'll focus on violence-reduction programs and make $300,000 a year available for neighborhood-level programs.
Everything you need to know about the setting for the BBC Suranne Jones drama
The gripping and acclaimed drama Doctor Foster, which stars Suranne Jones as wronged Doctor Gemma Foster, is set in the town of Parminster – but where is it, and is it a real place?
Advertisement
Is Parminster real?
No, it's not. Parminster is a completely fictional town invented for Mike Bartlett's drama. It is not clear exactly where the town is meant to be but from the locations used it is perhaps meant to be a market town within a certain distance of London.
Where is Doctor Foster filmed?
As with many television shows, Doctor Foster is filmed in a number of locations.
Many of the exterior shots of the town of Parminster are filmed in Hitchin in Hertfordshire.
However, Parminster Medical Centre where Gemma Foster has her practice is actually the Chess Medical Centre in Chesham, Buckinghamshire – a small town on the edge of London near the end of the Metropolitan tube line.
Advertisement
Other parts of the show are understood to have been filmed in Enfield, St Albans and various other locations in Hertfordshire.
TROY — Always the optimist, Mayor Michael Beamish highlighted the city's strengths and challenges in his annual “State of the City” address with “glass half-full” enthusiasm.
The event, sponsored by the Troy Area Chamber of Commerce, was held at the Concord Room and was attended by local government, school, business and community officials on Monday.
“Anything that touches the city of Troy, involves him, and not in a small way,” said J.C. Wallace, executive director of the chamber. “He's constantly promoting Troy's great downtown and the initiatives and activities and the people of the city of Troy.”
Wallace called Beamish “Troy's great cheerleader” who is “always positive, always pleasant.”
Beamish thanked those in attendance noting they were “the ones that do great things that make this great community” and recognized elected officials, school personnel, city staff and others for their dedication to the city and community.
“Troy has big town taste in a small city atmosphere,” he said.
Beamish touted economic development as the city's number one priority working with local and regional economic developers to bring new job opportunities and expand existing businesses within the city limits.
Beamish also highlighted his “pet-love” of cultural and recreational opportunities the city of Troy offers.
“They all bring a value to our community,” he said.
Beamish said, “We have the tools to see the glass half-full,” noting the Activate Troy Partnership and the Downtown Riverfront initiatives.
“There's something for everybody, regardless of age, to enjoy here in our community. We do have those quality of life amenities,” he said.
Beamish noted the city's challenges including the workforce, opiate “crisis,” financial stability and the downtown initiatives.
Beamish said the city needs to have better programming to encourage youth to live and work in the city in spite of low employment rates.
“It's not so much that we have jobs, we need the skill, we need the attitude, we need to the work ethic, we need the person that wants to come to work and learn a trade whether its a professional or a skilled trade. I'm seeing people right now that are looking for those people right now,” he said.
Beamish recognized the city and county's efforts to address the opiate epidemic, including the Troy City Police and Fire department's Quick Response Team (QRT) program.
“Supported by the Troy City Council, we have (QRT) that in place to help get service or the opportunity to get services who had addiction,” he said.
Beamish said he believes the city is making “a dent” in the opiate addiction epidemic with prevention, education and intervention, including the Hope House and the Joshua House in the community for those in need.
In closing, Beamish said,”Our success is your success.”
TACC hosts annual “State of the City” address
Processing could grow by as much as 4 percent in 2017-18
Rising consumption will probably flip the global cocoa market into a shortage next season, according to Olam International Ltd., the world's third-biggest processor.
Demand is rising and some producing countries including Indonesia are struggling to boost output, Gerry Manley, head of cocoa at the Singapore-based company, said in an interview at the World Cocoa Conference in Berlin. The market is seen close to balanced in the season that ends in September.
Cocoa futures tumbled in the past two years as top grower Ivory Coast produced a record crop and global supplies overwhelmed consumption. The lower prices have ignited demand, with processing rising more than 5 percent last season and possibly growing as much as 4 percent in 2017-18, Manley said.
"It's more likely to be a deficit year at this moment in time given where consumption is," he said. "You do need the supply to come into the market and there are definitely one or two areas which are struggling."
Futures have rebounded more than 30 percent this year after falling to a multi-year low of 1,322 pounds ($1,847) a metric ton in January. Prices are now at a level that's more manageable for most players in the market, Manley said
"Below 1,850 pounds, I think you see that cocoa becomes difficult for many producing countries, for many farmers,” he said. "The good thing with the low prices is that it's stimulating consumption and stimulating in a very strong way."
Demand has been strong for cocoa butter, used to make chocolate, but also for other products such as liquor and powder, according to Olam, which expects the trend to continue over the coming months.
"We believe consumption is still strong and we see consumption occurring in other areas of the business, it's not just chocolate," Manley said. "Consumption is shifting into dairy, into ice creams, into bakery goods."
Ivory Coast will produce about 2 million tons of cocoa this season, slightly below the 2.1 million tons of a year earlier, Olam forecasts. Neighboring Ghana, the second-largest grower, will harvest about 800,000 tons and output is unlikely to grow next season.
"The issues there are probably more on fertilizers and pesticides management rather than the crop itself, and that is why we are not really seeing Ghana grow too much," Manley said. "We are not expecting a major upsurge in production next year either."
Image copyright AFP
A 20-tonne mountain of Nutella spread and Kinder chocolate eggs disappeared in a sugar rush when thieves stole a lorry's trailer in central Germany.
The goodies are valued at more than 50,000 euros (£45,400; $59,000). Police think another lorry or van must have towed it away on Saturday night.
The candy heist in Neustadt may be linked to the theft of an empty lorry in Weimar, 25km (15.5 miles) away.
A fruit juice lorry also fell victim to sticky fingers, earlier on Saturday.
That theft happened in Wittenburg, 445km north-east of Neustadt.
Dies is a long-time professional trapper and official with the Tennessee Fur Harvesters Association.
Richardson is a Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency official who worked with Dies to bring about some changes in the state's trapping regulations, starting this season.
Also honored at the NTA ceremony were Tennessee State Senator Mike Bell and State Representative Ron Lollar for their support.
…
New TWRA official: Michael May has been named Assistant Executive Director of the TWRA. He will hand administrative duties, while fellow Assistant Executive Director Bobby Wilson oversees field operations.
Both will serve under Executive Director Ed Carter.
…
Dove season: Sept. is the traditional opening date for Tennessee's dove season, and hunters are reminded that a migratory bird permit is required. (Some licenses include the migratory permit; check the Tennessee Hunting & Trapping Guide for details, or visit tnwildlife.org.
Hunters also are cautioned about hunting on “baited” fields. It is the responsibility of the hunter to make sure a field is not baited. The definition of a baited field is explained in the Hunting Guide.
…
Free hunting: Tennessee's annual Free Hunting Day is Aug. 26, coinciding with the opening of squirrel season. No hunting license is required that day. For details about the Free Hunting Day or other 2017-18 regulations consult the Tennessee Hunting & Trapping Guide.
OUTDOORS CALENDAR:
Aug. 26: squirrel season opens
Sept. 1: dove season opens
Oct. 14-27: fall turkey season
Nov. 4-17: muzzleloader season
PHOTOS WELCOME: Share your favorite outdoors photos with readers of The Lebanon Democrat by e-mailing them to areed@lebanondemocrat.com.
One described it as a “portrait in bravery.” The officer himself said he was just doing his job. But the exchange Tuesday between a Canadian police officer and the man accused of killing 10 people and injuring many more when he allegedly used a rented van as a weapon of mass slaughter on Yonge Street in downtown Toronto may end up in a police training course one day. If not, many think it should.
Video from Yonge and Finch at Toronto pic.twitter.com/YvS8GcJ8pg — Vince (@vce7) April 23, 2018
Toronto Police Service Constable Ken Lam approached suspect Alek Minassian who screamed out, “Kill me!”
Lam yelled back, “No, get down!”
Suspect Minassian shouted, “I have a gun in my pocket.”
Lam, of the police's 32 Division, responded, “I don't care. Get down.”
The way in which Lam handled the arrest of Minassian is being heralded as both a heroic act and an illustration of police restraint.
“As of yesterday, police in the US have killed 394 people. Watching the restraint of the Toronto police officer as he was being taunted by the suspect is nothing short of remarkable. High praise to the officer,” Tweeted Carla Harper, a post that engaged hundreds, albeit many critical of her take.
As of yesterday, police in the US have killed 394 people. Watching the restraint of the Toronto police officer as he was being taunted by the suspect is nothing short of remarkable. High praise to the officer. #torontoattack — CARLA Harper 🌈❄️🌊 (@CarlaHarper0626) April 23, 2018
The French language Radio-Canada reported (and translated via Google) Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders describe Lam's work handling the situation as “fantastic.”
Lam, he said, used “his ability to understand the circumstances, the environment, and reaching a peaceful resolution at the end of the runway.”
Toronto Police Union president Mike McCormack, Radio-Canada reported, said Lam, 30, with 7 years on the job, would have been justified if he'd shot at the suspect but instead “looked at what was happening and concluded that he could handle it as he did. People are right: he's a hero.”
It was reported McCormack said Lam was disturbed by the massacre of innocent people but the arrest felt like standard operating procedure: “He said, ‘Mike, I just did my job, what I did was not much, but look at those poor people.'”
Meanwhile, reaction to the arrest and Lam's handling of it was swift and full of applause and gratitude.
Posted as a ‘Twitter Moment,” the caption reads in part, that Lam's actions were a “one shining moment,” in a scene of horror and carnage.
An arresting officer's actions are being called "one shining moment" after he subdued the Toronto van attack suspect without firing a single shot. https://t.co/gy9C5XK0Tv — Twitter Moments (@TwitterMoments) April 24, 2018
Tweet after tweet, Facebook post after Facebook post beginning just moments after the arrest, people have been singing Lam's praises for his bravery and for his calm demeanor.
A popular Canadian radio host and journalist commented on Lam's courage.
A portrait in bravery. A Toronto police officer stares down the perp in the #torontoattack today. The perp had a gun, the cop brought him down.
Thank your local first responders today. https://t.co/2lktjwAGPW — Brian Lilley (@brianlilley) April 23, 2018
Many congratulating and thanking Lam used a common spelling of his surname based on the sound, but the last name Lam is often an Asian surname.
@joe_warmington tells us the name of that brave Toronto police officer on my show today… Constable Ken Lamb, thank you for doing your job in a most amazing way! — Lorne Brooker (@lornebrooker) April 24, 2018
His name is Constable Ken Lamb. Bravo! https://t.co/pMS87MzUuC — Bandwagon Leafs Fan (@hockeyphreak) April 24, 2018
Toronto & Canadian hearts 💔😭🇨🇦are broken based on the tragedy April 23 ….so thankful to police officer Ken Lamb of 32 Division for your bravery taking the suspect into custody without further violence….RIP 10 souls and prayers for 13 others in hospital….#TorontoStrong — Julie Ruston (@julieruston) April 24, 2018
Lam is not going to provide an interview, Radio-Canada reported adding that Guy Ryan, former inspector of the Montreal Police Service, commended Lam and his “coolness,” saying his act was a singular one.
“If we put 10 police officers in the same place where this police officer was, how many would use the firearm? Probably the average would be high,” Radio-Canada reported with Ryan adding it was a skilled intervention of a well-trained law enforcement officer.
Many agreed that Lam's actions are a lesson in good policing.
The discipline shown by the Toronto Police Officer wasn't because of race, it was because of the country we live in (not being gunned crazed). — Warren Bodnaruk (@wbodnaruk) April 24, 2018
The restraint shown by this police officer is simple incredible, this is what a real police officer looks like. #Toronto pic.twitter.com/E7jBSXvChV — Ryan Paisey (@RyanPaisey) April 23, 2018
I can not stop watching the videos of this Toronto police officer. It is just incredible. "Toronto van attack: The cop who didn't shoot" https://t.co/te5GWxcf8t — robyndoolittle (@robyndoolittle) April 24, 2018
Councillors will decide whether to approve plans to build Dundee's biggest primary school in Whitfield at a meeting next week.
Plans have been submitted for a new school to replace three primary schools and a nursery in the north east of the city.
Planning permission is being sought for a school and nursery to replace Longhaugh Primary School, St Luke's and St Matthew's RC Primary School, St Vincent's RC Primary School and Longhaugh Nursery School.
Councillors will meet on February 20 to discuss whether to give the go-ahead to the proposals, which have been recommended for approval — subject to conditions — by council officers.
The new three-floor building would provide space for 868 primary pupils and 125 full-time nursery pupils. There are also plans for two playing fields, a multi-use games area, a nursery play area and an outdoor seating area in grounds on the site at the north side of Lothian Crescent.
Adult film studios in the San Fernando Valley and nationwide are being asked to stop all production until a performer's HIV test is confirmed as either positive or negative for the virus.
The Free Speech Coalition, a Canoga Park-based trade association that represents the adult entertainment industry, called for a precautionary hold Saturday until the performer's HIV test is reviewed. The halt is intended to last until Wednesday, according to a statement issued by Eric Paul Leue, the organization's executive director.
“The test has not yet been confirmed, and we will know whether or not it is a false positive in the next several days” Leue said in the statement. “If it is a false positive, the hold will be lifted on Wednesday.”
The performer had not worked on an adult set during the window of transmission, Leue noted in the statement.
“We will also proactively begin partner notification and retest anyone who might have had contact with the performer since their last clear test,” Leue added.
Adult-film production has been halted from time to time by the industry itself when cases of a sexually transmitted infection have either been suspected or confirmed. The last significant halt occurred in 2014.
The Free Speech Coalition has said the industry's own testing protocols for sexually transmitted diseases are effective. On most sites, performers are tested every 14 days and are not supposed to work until they receive a clean bill of health. Last November, a statewide ballot initiative intended to force adult film performers to use condoms while on set was defeated by voters. The industry also has said that condoms are impractical because they break and they ruin the aesthetics of sexual fantasy.
“Production holds are an important part of the safety protocols in adult film, but does not signal an actual on-set transmission, nor a confirmed positive test,” Leue said in the statement.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
TALLAHASSEE (CBSMiami/NSF) – Florida's first execution in 18 months is scheduled to take place August 24th after the state Supreme Court refused to block the execution of Death Row inmate Mark James Asay.
The Florida Supreme Court rejected arguments about a new lethal-inject procedure and ruled 6-1 that the state can go ahead with the execution after a hiatus of more than 18 months.
The court's majority said Asay had not shown that the introduction of the drug etomidate into the execution process put him at risk of suffering in violation of the U.S. Constitution. Corrections officials plan to use etomidate as a substitute for a previous drug, midazolam, as the first drug in a three-step process. It would be the first time etomidate, a sedative, has been used in an execution.
In its decision, the Supreme Court upheld a ruling by a Duval County circuit judge who held a hearing on the lethal-injection drug issue.
“Based on the testimony heard during the evidentiary hearing and the record before this (Supreme) Court, Asay has not demonstrated that he is at substantial risk of serious harm,” the majority opinion said. “Indeed, the record before this court demonstrates that Asay is at a small risk of mild to moderate pain.”
The majority opinion by Chief Justice Jorge Labarga and Justices Peggy Quince, Ricky Polston and Alan Lawson, also said Asay had not “identified a known and available alternative method of execution that entails a significantly less severe risk of pain.”
Justices R. Fred Lewis and Charles Canady concurred with the majority opinion but did not fully sign on to it.
Justice Barbara Pariente dissented on a series of grounds, including that Asay was wrongly denied access to documents about the new lethal-injection process. Pariente said the Florida Department of Corrections delayed providing information and has not provided some details, such as the reasons for adopting the new process and the identity of the manufacturer of etomidate.
“Rather than giving Asay time to procure the documents needed to challenge this never-before-used protocol, the state now contends that time is of the essence in meeting the execution deadline of August 24, 2017, chosen by Governor (Rick) Scott,” Pariente wrote. “Even more troublesome, the state has relentlessly fought Asay's attempts to obtain records relating to the new protocol, causing even further delay. One would assume that the administration of the ultimate penalty of death would compel the state to proceed transparently, rather than under the veil of executive privilege.”
Asay, 53, who was convicted in the 1987 killings of Robert Lee Booker and Robert McDowell in downtown Jacksonville, is scheduled to be the first inmate executed in Florida since Oscar Ray Bolin on Jan. 7, 2016.
Less than a week after the Bolin execution, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that Florida's death-penalty sentencing process was unconstitutional because it gave too much authority to judges, instead of juries, in deciding whether defendants should be executed. The U.S. Supreme Court decision led to wide-ranging litigation in Florida courts and moves by the Legislature to revamp the sentencing process.
Scott signed a death warrant for Asay on Jan. 8, 2016, but the U.S. Supreme Court ruling and the subsequent court cases and legislative changes effectively put Florida's death penalty on hold. Scott last month rescheduled Asay's execution for Aug. 24.
Early this year, the Department of Corrections adopted the new three-drug process, known as a “protocol,” that called for using etomidate as the critical first drug to sedate prisoners before injecting them with a paralytic and then a drug used to stop prisoners' hearts.
Along with the lethal-injection issue, Asay's lawyers raised a series of other issues in seeking to halt the Aug. 24 execution, including that actions taken by Attorney General Pam Bondi's office in the case had violated Asay's due-process rights. But the Supreme Court majority flatly rejected the arguments.
“The News Service of Florida's Jim Saunders contributed to this report.”
“A lot of” councils are in danger of following Northamptonshire CC in issuing a section 114 notice to curtail non-statutory spend unless they take difficult decisions now.
This warning has come from Chartered Institute of Public Finance & Accountancy chief executive Rob Whiteman in his first interview since the county became the first council since 2001 to issue such a notice, preventing new expenditure on everything with the exception of statutory services for vulnerable people.
Mr Whiteman said although Northamptonshire was a “traditionally low-spending county and they have fewer reserves and not favourable treatment through grant distribution”, the county “aren't in a unique position”.
He was critical of the council's decision to draw down on its reserves, stating: “This is a warning to every council that a strategy to draw down on reserves to balance the budget is a very risky strategy indeed.
“Northamptonshire has drawn on its reserves without delivering the savings. Other councils in a similar position have managed their finances better. Northamptonshire has not made the sorts of decisions we've seen elsewhere.”
Mr Whiteman continued: “I see a lot of councils [now] in Northamptonshire's position [from] a couple of years ago. My advice to all those councils, in as helpful way as possible, is that you could see this coming to Northamptonshire.
“This demonstrates that councils need to get ahead and get on and take the action needed now rather than draw down reserves, saying you'll take action in the future.”
This comes as East Sussex CC's chief executive Becky Shaw has warned her council will be left with “a minimum service offer” by 2020-21 without further resources from the government.
Mr Whiteman described Northamptonshire's policy of moving services into council-owned companies as “innovative” but that it “hadn't delivered much benefit in terms of medium financial savings”.
The last authority to issue a s114 notice is believed to be Milton Keynes Council, with regard to its housing services, in 2001. The last council to issue a s114 notice covering its entire activities was Hackney LBC in 2000.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (CBSMiami/CNN) – In the race to stay at the front of the delivery pack, Amazon has announced that it is now doing package drop-off at your car.
Beginning Tuesday, customers in 37 cities can get their Amazon order delivered to the trunks of their cars for free. The catch? You need to be a Prime member.
Nearly all Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac and Volvos with the model year of 2015 or newer are compatible. GM owners must have an active OnStar account, and Volvo owners need an active On Call account. These systems provide remote access to vehicles, which makes Key In-Car possible.
Last November, the company launched Amazon Key, which uses a camera and smart lock so Prime members can have deliveries brought into their home.
Its latest iteration, Amazon Key In-Car, relies on the vehicle's internet connection to remotely open the trunk so packages can be delivered. Amazon's delivery people receive one-time access to open the trunk. An alert is sent to customers when the process is completed.
The new service is great for people worried about “porch pirates,” people who walk off with deliveries left outside homes. Now packages can be safely left in locked vehicle trunks.
There are some restrictions on what can be delivered to your trunk. Packages must not weigh more than 50 pounds, exceed 26 x 21 x 16 inches and can't be valued at over $1,300 or fulfilled by a third-party seller.
For now, the service will be broadly useful in cities such as Dallas, Los Angeles, Atlanta and Chicago, and it's coming to more areas soon.
That is, until self-driving cars make car ownership a thing of the past.
It takes one to spot one.
The OPP is taking an unconventional approach to a trucking safety blitz that launched Monday – officers are conducting patrols in truck tractors to better spot drivers who are distracted behind the wheel.
The strategy is being used for the first time during Operation Safe Trucking, which runs through Friday and aims to reduce the number collisions involving commercial vehicles on OPP-patrolled roads.
The five-day blitz tackles speeding, following too closely, seatbelt use, hours of service violations, and distracted, aggressive and impaired driving. Vehicles with mechanical, load security or other safety issues will be tackled with the help of Ministry of Transportation inspectors.
So far this year, the OPP has investigated more than 6,200 transport-truck related collisions and 87 people died in 72 of those crashes, commissioner Vince Hawkes said Monday.
“Every year, collisions that involve commercial motor vehicles are in the thousands and they result in significant loss of life,” Hawkes said. “Adding truck tractors to our list of enforcement tools will enhance our officers' observation and investigative skills during Operation Safe Trucking and future initiatives that focus on commercial motor vehicle safety.”
Distracted driving accounts for more than a quarter of crashes involving commercial vehicles, and the OPP warns motorists aren't off the hook during the blitz.
“Officers will also be addressing dangerous behaviours on the part of all drivers,” the force warned.
Dr. Gary Hartman, who recently led a medical team of 50 to separate conjoined twins at Stanford, was Foothill Music Theatre's guest at a performance of its musical “Side Show,” which tells the story of real-life conjoined twins Daisy and Violet Hilton, who rose from a side show to become stars of vaudeville in the 1930s.
The performance was part of the Foothill College Commission's Winter Musical Benefit on March 16, which raised more than $13,000, according to a spokesperson, who said the money makes if possible for Foothill Music Theatre to continue to stage shows and teach students.
Hartman has separated seven sets of siblings, in multiple operations that take 17-18 hours each. The two actresses who played the Hilton sisters in “Side Show,” Jessica LaFever and Lauren Mayer, met Hartman after the show. The actresses, and Foothill College President Thuy Nguyen, discussed the challenges conjoined twins face, concerns about separation, and heard some stories from Hartman about his career. He said he would have been happy to meet with the women before they began rehearsals, to share information about how conjoined twins move and are challenged, but that it didn't look like they needed any coaching — their movements in synch were remarkable and utterly true to life, he said.
Hartman said that “Side Show” was brought to his attention by his mother-in-law, who clipped out a review of the play and brought it to him.
Could major league baseball players stage a boycott of spring training as a way to protest the glacier-like pace of the offseason free agent market?
That's what one prominent baseball agent is proposing, anyway.
Brodie Van Wagenen, co-head of CAA Baseball, told the Associated Press that players are “outraged” at what has happened in the free agent marketplace this offseason and suggested that “testing the will of 1,200 alpha males at the pinnacle of their profession is not a good strategy.”
Van Wagenen said, “Players don't receive their paychecks until the second week of April. Fine them? OK, for how much? Sue them? OK, they'll see you in court two years from now.”
J.D. Martinez, Eric Hosmer, Mike Moustakas, Jake Arrieta, Yu Darvish, Alex Cobb, Greg Holland and Lance Lynn remain among the dozens of unsigned free agents.
CAA represents more than 150 baseball players, including Robinson Cano, Yoenis Cespedes, Buster Posey, Shohei Ohtani, Adam Jones, Jacob deGrom and Noah Syndergaard.
Associated Press contributed to this story.
Two small brush fires sparked north of Las Pulgas on Camp Pendleton Wednesday afternoon, confirmed Camp Pendleton officials.
The current fires are not too concerning at this time, said officials. The flames sparked just after noon at about 12:15 p.m.
Some hot spots remain from the blaze on Tuesday, according to Camp Pendleton. What started out as a few acres quickly spread to a 50-acre fire burning near the Marine Memorial golf course.
One suspect was taken into custody in connection with Tuesday's brush fire, with arson strongly suspected, according to investigators. There is no indication of any connection with that incident in these separate brush fires.
No other information was immediately available.
Please refresh this page for updates on this story. Details may change as more information becomes available.
Authorities on Wednesday found a body matching that of a 26-year-old Ohio man who slipped and drowned at Elk River Falls in the North Carolina mountains 11 days ago.
Torrential rains Tuesday night might have contributed to Thomas McCardle Jr.'s body "finally surfacing today," the Avery County Sheriff's Office posted on Facebook.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The rains likely created a current strong enough to free McCardle's body from where it was trapped, Sheriff Kevin Frye told the Avery Journal-Times. Elk River Falls is in Pisgah National Forest.
Just before noon Wednesday, firefighters and other rescue workers were notified by Avery County 911 dispatch that a body had surfaced at the falls, according to the sheriff's Facebook post. The body was taken to the medical examiner's office for "positive confirmation of identification," according to the post.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Elk River Falls on the Appalachian Ranger District of the Pisgah National Forest is a beautiful scenic attraction. It's also one of the deadliest scenic attractions in Avery County, NC. U.S. Forest Service - National Forests in North Carolina
"Our prayers go out to this young man's family and friends," the sheriff's office said in its post. "However, even during this terribly sad time, we all have got to know about the life story of a tremendous young man, his victory to walk after an accident which doctors said would never happen, his tremendous faith in God and his wonderful father and mother and for that, we have all been greatly blessed."
Several Appalachian State students and others "risked their lives" trying to save McCardle, his parents said in a news release issued by the sheriff's office Friday.
McCardle had been in the area for a wedding when he went to Elk River Falls, which he'd previously visited, the sheriff's office said.
McCardle is believed to have accidentally slid off a rock into the water at the bottom of the falls, sheriff's investigators said. He apparently "got caught in and drug under by very strong currents due to the previous very heavy rain," according to the sheriff's news release.
Image copyright Chris Downer Image caption The diver went missing from a boat north east of the Cava lighthouse
A missing diver has been recovered from Scapa Flow, the coastguard has said.
The alarm was raised at 16:00 and a mayday call was made to all vessels in waters near Orkney to help in the search.
A boat north east of Cava Lighthouse reported one of their divers 15 minutes overdue.
Stromness and Kirkwall coastguard teams, a search and rescue helicopter, and the Longhope RNLI lifeboat were also involved in the operation.
There has been no information about the diver's condition.
Share On copy Share On copy
Share On link Share On link
Share On tumblr Share On tumblr
Share On more Share On more
Share On whatsapp Share On whatsapp
Share On sms Share On sms
Share On email Share On email
Share On Twitter Share On Twitter
Share On lineapp Share On lineapp
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On vk Share On vk
Share On facebook Share On facebook
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On facebook Share On facebook
Share On copy Share On copy
Share On email Share On email
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On facebook Share On facebook
We all know Jim Carrey as a comedian and actor, but he has recently been exploring a new passion: visual art.
Cheers to you Stephen Hawking, the greatest mental athlete of our time. You are all that is! See you around, buddy! ;^) https://t.co/LEqYnFn2rW
The actor uses his artwork to comment on current events, like the death last week of Stephen Hawking.
Rubio‘s agenda is clear. Keep taking millions from the NRA and wash the blood of innocent children off his hands. Apparently $3.3 million is the price of this politician's soul. https://t.co/wom4IrTfsj
And politics, like this cartoon of Sen. Marco Rubio.
This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous!
This weekend, he shared a piece of art that really has the timeline a'talkin. "This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous!" he captioned it. The portrait appears to be of White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. However, a rep for Carrey told BuzzFeed News they could not confirm that.
His spokesperson did confirm that Carrey created the painting.
Jim Carrey is the poster boy for the modern liberal man. Failed, broken, and mentally unstable. His movie career has disintegrated! Carrey now spends his days insulting conservative women like .@PressSec Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Mental illness is a common trait among leftists!
Trump supporters immediately seized on the portrait, slamming Carrey as sexist.
Jim Carrey was never really acting when he played the role of the mentally insane man in The Cable Guy. He just played himself, no acting required!
Where are the Feminists as Jim Carrey Attacks a Woman on her beauty? Oh that's right, they don't care as long as the victim is a Conservative.
They said it was another example of feminist hypocrisy.
Jim Carrey's attack on Sara Sanders is not only uncalled for but demonstrates the pathetic weak little person he is. He's not a man. Again the hypocrisy of the Left is blinding.
"Jim Carrey's attack on Sara Sanders is not only uncalled for but demonstrates the pathetic weak little person he is. He's not a man. Again the hypocrisy of the Left is blinding."
So let me get this straight... Republicans support men who molest underage girls, harass women, pay off porn stars, ask women to have their baby, and want to lock up women without due process... But Jim Carrey drawing an unfavorable portrait is crossing the line. Unreal.
Of course, a lot of anti-Trump people then jumped in to call them hypocritical.
Jim Carrey is the artist this country needs
And some were just fans.
If you liked my last cartoon you may also enjoy... "THE WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST WING AND PUTIN'S FLYING MONKEYS“
Amid all the drama, Carrey decided to release another drawing, this time of the president himself.
"If you liked my last cartoon you may also enjoy...
THE WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST WING AND PUTIN'S FLYING MONKEYS."
When Martin Sorrell left the advertising group WPP last month after 33 years in charge, he signed off his departure note to employees with the words “Back to the Future”.
He was not kidding. With the ink on his farewell statement barely dry, Sir Martin has returned to the public markets via a reverse takeover of Derriston Capital, a cash shell. He is injecting £40m of his own funds into the venture, which has been renamed S4 Capital, and has raised an additional £11m from a group of shareholders that includes Jacob Rothschild, chairman of RIT Capital Partners.
The speed of his return caught some former colleagues and analysts by surprise. “Most people thought he would come back,” said Thomas Singlehurst, a media analyst at Citi. “They just didn't think it would be within six weeks.”
Sir Martin did not have a non-compete agreement with WPP. The statement released to announce the new venture on Wednesday morning gave the impression he would be building a company that sounded a lot like it.
S4 would be a “multinational communication services business focused on growth”, Sir Martin said, adding that there were “significant opportunities for development in technology, data and content”.
It is a template long-time Sorrell watchers will remember from the early days of WPP, which made wire shopping baskets until Sir Martin acquired it in the late 1980s and used to build a global advertising and marketing powerhouse through canny dealmaking, buying groups such as J Walter Thompson and Ogilvy & Mather.
But the circumstances this time round are rather different — not least because WPP shareholders still do not why he left the company he ran for more than three decades. He quit following a board investigation into an unspecified allegation of “personal misconduct”, which he denies.
Shareholders have not been given any more information, which has raised some hackles: Glass Lewis, the shareholder advisory firm, has called on WPP investors to vote against the company's pay report at its annual meeting next month. “Absent further information regarding Sir Martin's retirement, we believe shareholders are unable to determine the extent to which he should be treated as a good leaver,” it said recently.
The marketing and communications industry is also unrecognisable from the 1980s when Sir Martin began assembling WPP through acquisitions. It was a disparate industry, made up of multiple companies which were then rolled up into a handful of holding groups — including Publicis, Omnicom and Interpublic Group — in a process Sir Martin started.
John Hegarty, co-founder of advertising agency Bartle Bogle Hegarty who now runs The Garage Soho, an early-stage investment group, said the industry had moved beyond the holding company model. Sir Martin “said it was ‘back to the future' but this is really back to the past,” he said. “Second time around, it will be more expensive and harder to build.”
Sir John also expressed doubts about the structure of the big ad holding companies and whether it was necessarily one Sir Martin should seek to recreate. “My fear for the big groups is what they are selling is not what clients actually need,” he said.
Mr Singlehurst agreed that the advertising landscape “had changed significantly” since the early days of WPP. S4 would struggle to compete against much larger, deeper pocketed competitors, he said, pointing to the amount of money S4 has raised. Sir Martin and other shareholders have invested £51m and the company said on Wednesday that investors would “in principle, be willing to provide over £150mn of further equity funding to support S4 Capital's acquisition plans”.
CV Martin Sorrell Born London, 1945 Education Haberdashers' Aske's School; Christ's College, Cambridge; Harvard MBA Career highlights Saatchi & Saatchi, finance director, 1977-85 Took a stake in Wire and Plastic Products in 1985 and became chief executive of renamed WPP in 1986 Remuneration Received one of the biggest pay packages ever for a FTSE 100 chief executive in 2015 when he was awarded £70m Selected honours Knighthood in 2000 New Year honours list; ranked fifth in the Harvard Business Review's 100 best-performing CEOs in the world, 2015 Interests Skiing, cricket
“It's not a huge amount of money and it will take time to deploy capital,” said Mr Singlehurst. “The reality is it will take years before they have enough size and scale to compete toe to toe with anyone.”
The holding companies also face new competition in the form of consultancies and professional services firms, such as Deloitte and Accenture, as well as the threat posed by Facebook and Google, which dominate online advertising. “The holding companies aren't big enough relative to the consultancies so on one level it's extraordinary that [Sir Martin's return] is a news item,” Mr Singlehurst said.
Others cast doubt on Sir Martin's ability to reinvent the ad industry model after failing to revive WPP, which endured a torrid time in the final 18 months of his tenure when it was hit by lower spending by brands.
In March, Sir Martin acknowledged the magnitude of the shifting marketplace. “Somebody asked me: is it structural or is it cyclical,” he told the Financial Times. “It's a bit of both . . . people are faced with massive change.”
Sir Martin and the two fellow board members of S4 — Paul Roy, chairman of Sky Bet, and Rupert Faure Walker, the managing director of HSBC Investment Banking — are all above retirement age. “It's supposed to be a next generation company but they are all in their 70s,” one former colleague said.
Still, few were willing to write off a man who had such a big impact on advertising. “Sorrell divided ad land in terms of whether his impact was positive or negative but I don't think anyone is divided on his ability to make money,” said Moray MacLennan, worldwide chief executive of M&C Saatchi. “No one would bet against him.”
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
RIYADH - Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman headed to the United States on Monday for talks with President Donald Trump and business leaders in his first visit as heir apparent to Riyadh's closest Western ally.
The state news agency SPA said Prince Mohammed, 32, who has embarked on reforms to modernize deeply conservative Saudi Arabia, would discuss "bilateral relations and matters of common interest", without elaborating.
The ambitious young prince visited Britain earlier this month on his first foreign tour since his rise as part of efforts to persuade Western allies that "shock" reforms have made his country, the world's top oil producer, a better place to invest and a more tolerant society.He will meet Trump on Tuesday at the White House, press secretary Sarah Sanders said last week.The prince is also expected to visit New York, Boston, Houston and San Francisco for meetings with business and industry leaders, aiming to cultivate investments and political support. Several dozen Saudi chief executives are expected to join him in touting investment opportunities in the kingdom.Any visit to the New York Stock Exchange will be watched closely by investors because of the potentially lucrative listing of up to 5 percent of Saudi Aramco expected later this year.Sources close to the process said the kingdom is increasingly looking to just float the oil giant locally as plans for an initial public offering on an international exchange such as New York or London appear to be receding.Prince Mohammed has won Western plaudits for seeking to ease Saudi Arabia's reliance on oil, tackle chronic corruption and transform the Sunni Muslim kingdom.But the severity and secrecy of an anti-corruption crackdown last November, after Prince Mohammed was named heir to the throne, has unnerved some investors.The crown prince is also likely to reiterate to Washington the view of Saudi Arabia that its regional arch-rival, Iran, should not be trusted given its nuclear program.Under a deal reached with major powers including the United States in 2015, Tehran curbed its enrichment of uranium for nuclear fuel, a process that can also yield atomic bombs, in exchange for a removal of tough international sanctions.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
UK anti-terror police join 'unknown substance' probe
hello
British police officers guard a cordon outside the Amesbury Baptist Centre church in Amesbury, England, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. British police have declared a "major incident" after two people were exposed to an unknown substance in the town, and are cordoning off places the people are known to have visited before falling ill.
British police officers guard a cordon outside the Amesbury Baptist Centre church in Amesbury, England, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. British police have declared a "major incident" after two people were exposed to an unknown substance in the town, and are cordoning off places the people are known to have visited before falling ill.
British police officers stand outside a residential property in Amesbury, England, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. British police have declared a "major incident" after two people were exposed to an unknown substance in the town, and are cordoning off various places the people are known to have visited in the area before falling ill.
British police officers stand outside the front door of a residential property in Amesbury, England, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. British police have declared a "major incident" after two people were exposed to an unknown substance in the town, and are cordoning off places the people are known to have visited before falling ill.
British police officers stand outside a residential property in Amesbury, England, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. British police have declared a "major incident" after two people were exposed to an unknown substance in the town, and are cordoning off various places the people are known to have visited in the area before falling ill.
British police officers stand outside a residential property in Amesbury, England, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. British police have declared a "major incident" after two people were exposed to an unknown substance in the town, and are cordoning off various places the people are known to have visited in the area before falling ill.
British police officers stand facing a residential property in Amesbury, England, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. British police have declared a "major incident" after two people were exposed to an unknown substance in the town, and are cordoning off places the people are known to have visited before falling ill.
Editor's note: This story corrects the spelling of Amesbury in the dateline.
AMESBURY, England -- British counterterrorism police were investigating Wednesday after two people were left in critical condition, exposed to an unknown substance a few miles from where a former Russian spy and his daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent.
The Wiltshire Police force declared a "major incident" after a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious Saturday at a residential building in Amesbury, eight miles (13 kilometers) from Salisbury, where Sergei and Yulia Skripal were poisoned on March 4.
London's Metropolitan Police force said "given the recent events in Salisbury," counterterrorism officers were working with local police on the investigation. British media reported that samples of the mystery substance had been sent to the Portdon Down defense research laboratory for testing.
Police cordoned off a home and other places the two people visited before falling ill, including a nearby church and a pharmacy, but health officials said there was not believed to be a wider risk to the public.
A major incident is a designation allowing British authorities to mobilize more than one emergency agency.
The emergency services' response echoes that in the case of the Skripals, whose illness initially baffled doctors after they were found unconscious on a park bench in Salisbury. Scientists at Porton Down concluded they had been poisoned with Novichok, a type of nerve agent developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals, a claim Moscow strongly denies. The poisoning sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West, including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides.
The two Amesbury victims were being treated at Salisbury District Hospital, where the Skripals spent weeks in critical condition.
Police said authorities initially believed the latest victims might have taken a contaminated batch of heroin or crack cocaine.
"However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident," police said in a statement. "At this stage, it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed."
Sergei Skripal, 67, is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap. He had been living quietly in Salisbury, a cathedral city 90 miles (145 kilometers) southwest of London, when he was struck down along with his 33-year-old daughter Yulia, who was visiting him.
Residents of the street at the center of the Amesbury investigation -- in a quiet neighborhood of newly built houses and apartments -- said they had received little information about the unknown substance from authorities.
"Amesbury's a lovely place -- it's very quiet, uneventful," said Rosemary Northing, who lives a couple of hundred yards (meters) away from the cordoned-off building. "So for this to happen, and the media response and the uncertainty, it's unsettling."
Neighbors said police cars and fire engines descended on the home late Saturday. Student Chloe Edwards said she saw people in "green suits" -- like those worn by forensics officers -- and her family was told to stay inside their home for several hours.
"We wanted to know what happened. And with the Russian attack happening not long ago, we just assumed the worst," said Edwards.
Among the sites cordoned off was a Baptist church where the victims attended a community event on Saturday. Church secretary Roy Collins said about 200 people were at the neighborhood event, but "nobody else has suffered any ill-effects."
Police from 40 departments in England and Wales had just returned home in June after months of working on the Skripals' poisoning. Wiltshire Police spent about 7.5 million pounds ($10 million) dealing with the aftermath of the Skripals' poisoning and believe that his front door was contaminated with the nerve agent.
Doctors who treated the Skripals say they have made a remarkable recovery but they still don't know what the long-term prognosis is.
The Skripals have been taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
Kirka reported from London. Jill Lawless in London contributed to this story.
'Sex and the City' star Cynthia Nixon running for governor
hello
FILE - In this Sunday, Feb. 14, 2016, file photo, Actress Cynthia Nixon poses for the photographers during a photo call for the film 'A Quiet Passion' at the 2016 Berlinale Film Festival in Berlin, Germany. The former "Sex and the City" star says she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September. Her announcement Monday, March 19, 2018, sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions. Associated Press
ALBANY, N.Y. -- Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon is running for New York governor.
After flirting with a run for months, Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she will challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
It sets up an intriguing race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
Her campaign website said Nixon won't accept any corporate contributions and will limit contributions from any individual or organization to $65,100 for the election cycle.
"We want our government to work again. On health care, ending massive incarceration, fixing our broken subway," Nixon said in a video announcing her candidacy . "We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us."
Nixon has her work cut out for her. A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading her by 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats, and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals. Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats, but didn't have more than a quarter of either group.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The margin of error is plus-minus 4 percentage points.
Nixon has in recent months given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run "bluer" in 2018 and carve out a strong, progressive liberal identity rather than being merely "the anti-Trump party."
It's a left-flank strategy that has had success against Cuomo in the past - nearly unknown liberal activist and law professor Zephyr Teachout garnered a surprising 34 percent of the vote in the 2014 Democratic primary.
"It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense," said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio.
Nixon, a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three, is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has frequently clashed with Cuomo on a range of issues. Her video shows her with her young son Max as she talks about being a proud public school parent.
Last month, at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign, which has endorsed Cuomo, she took a backhanded stab at the governor's record: "For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state, New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country."
The 60-year-old Cuomo had no immediate comment on Nixon's candidacy. But recently, he mocked the celebrity status the Grammy, Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race.
"Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor," Cuomo told reporters earlier this month. "If it was just about name recognition, then I'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel don't get into the race."
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for her Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy "Sex and the City," her star power among upstate voters is less certain.
Jefrey Pollock, pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats, said that celebrity isn't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth.
"Over and over in our research, Democratic primary voters say they're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington, D.C., and see what the outsider has meant to this country," Pollock said.
The first task for Nixon, Muzzio said, is to launch a listening and talking tour.
"She can't be the celebrity glamour girl," he said. "She's got to get out there and get exposure upstate."
Nixon won't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot. Former "Law and Order: SVU" actress Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district.
___
This story has been corrected to show child in the video is Nixon's son, not her daughter.
Galashiels Academy pupils Max and Lex Rogerson made a highly impressive impact at the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu European Championships in the Midlands last weekend, taking home a gold and silver medal.
First up was 14-year-old Lex, who competed for the gold against English-based Polish competitor Kamil Fordon.
Lex started well against his rival, who was representing the renowned Gracie Barra Academy.
Seconds into the contest, Lex locked in a Guillotine choke to which Fordon submitted – only to discover the move was forbidden for under 16s and he received a two-point penalty for his troubles.
Undeterred, Lex went on to dominate the rest of the contest and was victorious by a score of 10-2, confirming himself as European Gold Medal Champion.
Next up was older brother Max (16), who had a very difficult task against five tough opponents.
In his quarter-final match, he was drawn against Spain's Carlos Martin Paadin and, like his brother, quickly locked in a Guillotine choke, forcing the Spaniard to submit in an impressive time of 13 seconds. The semi-final was against a much more formidable adversary in 2016 British BJJ Champion Alex Gleeson, who would probably have been considered the division's favourite beforehand.
The more experienced Gleeson dominated the early positional exchanges and, with the majority of the contest over and Max behind heavily on points, it became clear he could only win via submission.
Seizing the opportunity late in the contest, he locked in his favoured finishing move, the Guillotine. Gleeson was locked in for a number of seconds before finally tapping out, securing Max the silver medal.
Max's gold nedal match was agasint MMA fighter Luke Penberthy, who was quite fresh, having received a quarter final bye and a comfortable semi-final victory. A clearly fatigued Max was competitive for the first two minutes but, with the score at 2-2, he found himself running on empty and was forced to submit via triangle choke.
The brothers, trained by Kevin Hamilton at the Training Station in Tweedbank on Wednesday and Friday evenings, will be attempting to take the British Open title in three weeks' time.
Anyone interested in taking up BJJ can contact Kevin on 0783 344 8839.
Is an athlete's sexual orientation really
our business?
By Marc Katz
Early in our discussion about how far we've progressed concerning the acceptance of gays and lesbians on the playing fields of life, UD softball coach Cara LaPlaca hit me with a signature quote.
“We've had parents ask if we have athletes who are gay on our team,” LaPlaca said, “with the concern they don't want their daughter playing with a gay athlete. And we've had it the other way, ‘How welcome will my (lesbian) daughter be?'”
During her career as a softball player, coach and, for awhile, a mental health counselor, LaPlaca has worked with several lesbian players, and, she told me, she didn't always know which ones they were.
That's the way it should be. Reality for everyone else is somewhere short of the mark.
While today we seem to have athletes letting it be known they are gay or lesbian, very few of them are in team sports, even fewer on the men's side. What's acceptable for Barney Frank in congress and Ellen on television somehow doesn't compute in sports.
“I'd like to be hopeful and say we are better off than we were 20 years ago, but we're certainly not to the finish line,” LaPlaca said. “That's the best metaphor. We've made significant progress, but there is still progress needed to be made.”
LaPlaca coached her alma mater, Clarke University of Dubuque, Iowa, for six years before taking the Dayton job 11 years ago. Like most coaches, she recruits to playing ability, not sexual orientation. Her scrapbook records record on-field exploits not off-field dating habits. She can only guess at the number of players there are who are
not heterosexual.
“I don't know the statistics on that, but anecdotally, it seems like it's more accepted for female lesbians to be out than it would be for males to be out in the sports world,” LaPlaca said.
Figure skater Adam Rippon, one of those men who did out himself, became the first openly gay American to appear in the Winter Olympics.
He also called out vice-president Mike Pence, who allegedly posted remarks on his website favorable to “conversion therapy,” a random theory said to be able to transform gays into straights.
“It's unfortunate we have public figures who are promoting things that are counter to what our medical professionals are telling us,” LaPlaca said. “It's unfortunate there's still some of that culture. That's why we say we're certainly not at the finish line.”
Ironically, when she did double duty as a mental health counselor, most of her casework had nothing to do with LGBTQ issues.
“In college, young people are finding out who they are, and sexuality is a piece of that,” LaPlaca said. “It's not the sole portion of that, but it's a piece of that.”
One helpful group gaining traction is Athlete Ally, an organization started by Hudson Taylor, a straight former wrestler at Maryland. According to the Athlete Ally website, Hudson noted friends in his theatre classes were accepted and welcomed by the general public if they came out. In wrestling, they were not.
“Athlete Ally believes that everyone should have equal access, opportunity and experience in sports—regardless of your sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression,” the website says. “Our mission is to end the rampant homophobia and trans phobia in sport and to activate the athletic community to exercise their leadership to champion LGBTQ equality.”
When will true equality come, when people will be accepted for who they are and not what we want them to be? It will take more time even though more and more athletes are deciding they no longer want to hide their sexual orientation, as if hiding or announcing sexual orientation has anything to do with on-field performance.
“Some are very open with who they are, and some are still self-discovering,” LaPlaca said. “In the scope of an athlete's or a student's career, that's just one of many issues that they work through and work to conquer.”
When you think about it, why should a female announce she is a lesbian when we don't expect heterosexuals to announce their mainstream dating habits?
Because progress is slow, the same way even straight women and those who are diverse sometimes take longer to reach career goals in an environment that favors white males. Even with that obstacle, LaPlaca rates UD as a good place to be.
“The university here does a fantastic job of having a culture of inclusivity, and a lot of support programs,” LaPlaca said. “We're accepting.”
Accepting, but not yet to the finish line. How close are we? Let's say this is a
100-mile race.
“We're somewhere in the middle,” LaPlaca said.
The NCAA sponsors written materials and seminars. Many campuses have safe havens and educational programs.
“The culture is a lot more accepting,” LaPlaca said.
Accepting, but not perfect.
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue, watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel. Today she helps the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist.
Last month, the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa. Her work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB.
"Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work. But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play," says Mathabire.
In Zimbabwe's bustling capital, Harare, Mathabire earned high enough points in her studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy or nursing at university. She chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in her family. In 2008, she was between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems. Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders.
The work took her into some of Africa's grimmest situations. She helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV, tuberculosis, pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe. Then she supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus. After that, she worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan, treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war.
In 2015, she was recruited for her first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders, work that would eventually earn her an International AIDS Society prize. She knew that TB was the No. 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from her previous work, but she didn't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until she read the study's protocol. She was eager to get started on the project.
For two years, Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients, who are more susceptible to the infection.
In Malawi and Mozambique, HIV is the leading cause of death. It is often spread through unprotected sex, and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi's and 24 percent of Mozambique's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death. Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in his early 30s who left a clinic untreated. The rapid test, which analyzes a molecule in the patient's urine with a paper strip, had shown that he had TB. A coughing test didn't. But doctors weren't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man. It hadn't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization's policy guidance. The man died before he could go back to get help.
His story wasn't unique, Mathabire says. "It's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening," she says. "You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing."
Under normal circumstances, patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB. Mathabire's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results, but the wait could drag on for months.
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care, including tuberculosis treatment, patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits. And more remote clinics don't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals.
With the rapid TB test, sick patients could begin treatment the same day. Mathabire's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour. Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours. And doctors, nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips.
Mathabire also found that patients weren't skeptical of a new method. They really wanted to take the high-tech test. Mainly peasant farmers, they took the words of the health workers seriously. "Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [and opportunistic infections] in a terrible way," she says. It was like that in Zimbabwe too.
The team's findings, published by Doctors Without Borders this year, has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing. It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems, meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients.
In a statement, International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire's research will "support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic."
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis. But her award-winning research isn't the only major event of her summer.
She moved to Falun, central Sweden, to marry an infectious disease specialist whom she worked with in Zimbabwe. True to her early love of fashion, she's sewing her own wedding dress, with glass beads, silk and lace.
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science, culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic, The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian. You can contact her @SashaIngber.
Bajrangi Bhaijaan star Salman Khan, whose new movie Tubelight attempts to highlight the futility of wars, says such acts of violence between nations can stop if those who "order" wars are sent to the front and asked to fight.
"I think those who order war should be sent to the war front, given guns and asked to fight first. It will stop in one day. Their hand and legs will start trembling... It will stop and they will go straight to the table and have discussions," Salman told IANS.
Tubelight, directed by Kabir Khan, dwells on the 1962 border conflict between India and China. Salman features in the movie with Sohail.
Also Read: Aishwarya Rai Bachchan Looks So Gorgeous On This Magazine Cover (Vintage Pics)
"We have used the India-China war as a backdrop for the film. We've only touched that... and basically convey that war should get over soon so that our soldiers come back to us and their soldiers go back to their country. Whenever a war happens, soldiers from both sides die, leaving many families without their sons or fathers," Salman added.
His brother Sohail, who plays a soldier in the film, said: "If you ask anybody if a war is good or bad, no one will say a war is good. Whatever the conflicts, they should be solved across the table. It's a negative emotion. Nobody supports it, but it happens and nobody knows why."
Earlier, Salman and Kabir's Bajrangi Bhaijaan emerged a blockbuster by showcasing a heart-warming tale of a Hindu man who goes out of his way to ensure that he unites a lost mute Pakistani girl with her family across the border. The movie was loved equally in India and Pakistan.
Their film Tubelight, releasing later this month, also features a song by Pakistani singer Rahat Fateh Ali Khan.
The Adirondack Center for Writing (ACW) has announced a call for submissions to their second annual PoemVillage event. ACW welcomes all forms of poetry from anyone living part-time or full-time in the Tri-Lakes region of Saranac Lake, Tupper Lake, and Lake Placid. The deadline for submissions is March 14th, 2017.
All submissions of poetry from community members, elementary kids to seniors, will be displayed in the windows of partnering businesses in downtown Saranac Lake. This year PoemVillage will host a schedule of events throughout the month including local poets readings performances, PoemVillage Pub Crawl, and more.
All submissions will be accepted, and there are no judges of the poems submitted. All work must be an original work from the submitting individual. Limit 1 to 3 submissions per person. Each poem must not exceed 24 lines. Poems longer than 24 lines will not be accepted or displayed. Refrain from submitting a poem already printed in PoemVillage.
The Adirondack Center for Writing welcomes classes and teachers located in the Tri-Lakes to submit poems from classwork as well. Individual students are encouraged to submit poetry on their own. Submit your poems here.
Billy Ray and Tish Cyrus' divorce officially called off Miley Cyrus' parents failed to appear in court, so the judge tossed the case.
These dads passed on good genes to their daughters In Hollywood, a few father-daughter duos stand out from the rest. The good-looking list includes Billy Ray Cyrus and Miley, Lenny Kravitz and Zoe, Jon Voight and Angelina Jolie, Aerosmith...
Will the Cyrus family tour together this summer? "I've heard that Miley might be on the road with [Billy Ray Cyrus]," Olivia Lane told Page Six.
Say goodbye to Billy Ray and meet 'Cyrus,' the latest member of the one-name club Billy Ray Cyrus, who at this point is really only famous for being Miley Cyrus' dad, is making a big name change. From now on, he wants to go by...
Miley's kid sis Noah could be the best Cyrus yet When Noah Cyrus gets a bout of pre-show jitters, it affects every inch of her — both inside and out. “I usually start shaking,” she tells The Post on the...
How 1991 changed music as we knew it When the Grammys take place at 8 p.m. on Sunday, duking it out for Album of the Year will be pop diva Adele, genre-defying icon Beyoncé, an EDM-inflected Justin Bieber,...
Billy Ray Cyrus and Kurt Cobain were secret buddies New York Fashion Week brings the best in new clothing, but cast your eyes a little farther up and you may find that a once-reviled hairstyle is back in vogue....
Billy Ray's in play at CMT with new comedy series Miley Cyrus' father is getting back into the TV business. Billy Ray Cyrus, 53, who co-starred with daughter Miley in Disney Channel's “Hannah Montana,” will headline a new comedy series...
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
By PRINTUS LEBLANC
There is a live action international mystery novel being played out on Capitol Hill. It is a mystery the Democrat Party and the mainstream media are trying desperately to ignore. However, the mystery appears to be unraveling and it is ensnaring one of the most powerful Democrats on Capitol Hill.
Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz (D-Fla.) has had a rough year. First, Wasserman-Schultz was forced out of her position as Democratic National Committee Chairwoman. After a series of email leaks on Wikileaks, it was revealed Wasserman-Schultz backed Hillary Clinton over Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in the 2016 primary. The head of the DNC was supposed to be a neutral party in the primary. After being forced out of a position of power and humiliated in the general election, the next shoe dropped for Wasserman-Schultz.
The story starts late in early 2017. Five members of one family were banned from the House of Representatives network. Three brothers and two of their wives were accused of stealing equipment and violations of House IT network security protocols. They did this while making over $160,000 per year, a sum slightly below what a member of the House of Representatives makes. Most of the staffers were fired from the offices they worked at, with the exception of Imran Awan. He stayed employed with Wasserman-Schultz.
Imran was recently arrested for bank fraud. The charge stems from a property the family owns. Hina Alvi took out a second mortgage on a house they claimed was their principal residence. Upon investigation, this turned out to be false and the property was being used as a rental, that is bank fraud. There was also no reported rental income on her taxes. The rental checks were supposedly written to Hina Alvi's mother, Suriaya Begum.
When Imran was arrested, he was attempting to flee the U.S. to Pakistan, as his wife had already done. The attempted escape came just days after the FBI became involved in the case. At one of Imran's rental properties, the current renter found smashed computer equipment. The renter had served in the Marines, and knew what government property looked like. He called the Naval Criminal Investigative Service, and the FBI showed up at the property.
It seems like the FBI decided to act upon learning the subject transferred $300,000 to Pakistan and planned to travel to there. The U.S. is currently having trouble getting Pakistan to extradite a terrorist, it doesn't seem likely they would extradite someone that might have connections to Pakistani ISI.
Wasserman-Schultz has refused to cooperate with the investigation from the beginning. Even after a majority of the Democrats employing the family cut ties, Wasserman-Schultz continued to pay Imran. Imran was not fired after the Capitol Police launched the criminal investigation. Imran was not fired after it was revealed he was sending Capitol Hill data to an offsite server. He was finally fired by Wasserman-Schultz after the arrest earlier this week.
The former DNC chair is clearly hiding something. She even went so far as to threaten “consequences” against the Chief of Capitol Hill Police investigating her staffer. In case you were wondering, she sits on the committee that controls the Capitol Hill Police budget. Imran hid his office assigned laptop in one of the empty rooms of the Capitol Hill complex. The laptop was found and confiscated by a police officer doing a routine check. It was not in the building Wasserman-Schultz worked in.
Wasserman-Schultz is now invoking the “Speech and Debate clause,” of the Constitution. The Congressional Research Service states, “The Constitution provides that ‘for any speech or debate in either House, [Senators and Representatives] shall not be questioned in any other place' Commonly referred to as the Speech or Debate Clause, this language affords Members of Congress immunity from certain civil and criminal suits relating to their legislative acts. In addition, the clause also provides a testimonial privilege that extends not only to oral testimony about privileged matters but to the production of privileged documents.”
According to recent reports she, is “negotiating” with Capitol Hill Police, who have the laptop her staffer hid, to allow access to the data. If this was nothing more than a scam to steal equipment and money, why would Wasserman-Schultz risk obstruction of justice, and impede the investigation at every step? Not only did she fight the investigation, she continued to pay him his salary, despite not being allowed on Capitol Hill by the police.
Since the story broke, many IT staffers employed by the House Chief Administrative Office, not the individual members, have voiced concern. Some have even worried over potential blackmail. “I don't know what they have, but they have something on someone. It's been months at this point” with no arrests, said Pat Sowers, who has managed IT for several House offices for 12 years. “Something is rotten in Denmark.”
The story continues to get weirder from there. The sleuths that deep dive on Wikileaks documents, have discovered a very interesting email. Keep in mind, the ringleader Imran had access to all of Wasserman-Schultz' electronic equipment. The group also had unlimited access to the electronic equipment of dozens of other Democrat members of Congress, some of them working for the Intelligence and Foreign Affairs Committees. It now appears he also had access to some Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi's (D-Calif.) electronic equipment. The email stated, “Pelosi is doing [a] closed door meeting. No staff or anyone allowed. Kaitlyn come to Rayburn room and get her iPad for Imran.” What was Awan doing with the Minority Leader's iPad?
I seem to recall the DNC had some cybersecurity issues last year, but provided no evidence of who did it. Could this be why?
You cannot expect Congress to investigate themselves and reveal the mistakes they made to the world, especially if one side is dead set against it because they made all the mistakes. You cannot expect the Chief Administrative Officer to investigate a fraud that has been going on for years under their nose. If there was ever a need for a special counsel, this is it.
Printus LeBlanc is a contributing reporter for Americans for Limited Government.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
Richie, the Nivin Pauly starrer had hit the theatres on December 08, 2017 amidst huge expectations. Richie, which is the first straight Tamil movie of Nivin Pauly has been directed by Gautham Ramachandran and the movie did get a big release in Kerala, as well.
Richie which has been tagged as a crime drama has opened to mixed reviews in the theatres. Reportedly, the film did have a good number of fan shows on its opening day in Kerala and much like any other Nivin Pauly starrer the film was touted to get a stunning opening at the box office.
Read Richie box office report knowing how much the film collected on its initial days at the Kerala box office..
Theresa May's Conservative Party faces its worst-ever showing in local elections in London this year, as the unpopularity of Brexit with the city's younger and more international population weighs on the party.
On May 3, voters across England will choose representatives to their local councils. Of the more than 4,300 seats that are up for election, more than 1,800 are in London. In 2014, the Conservatives won 612 seats in the city. This year, experts expect them to lose at least 100 of those, which would take them below their previous record low of 519 seats, in 1994.
London Votes Opinion polls show Labour Party welL ahead of Theresa May's Conservatives Sources: YouGov via Tony Travers, London School of Economics
Recent elections have seen the opposition Labour Party's performance in London diverge from its results in the rest of the country. In last year's general election, it won 40 percent of the vote in the U.K., but 54 percent of the vote in London. According to Tony Travers, professor of politics at the London School of Economics, that reflects a widening demographic split.
‘More International'
“You've got different populations, with different interests, voting in a clearly different way,” he told reporters on Monday. “Londoners are younger, more international, more progressive.”
These voters are less likely to support Brexit, and more likely to support Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. But they also create a problem for Labour: The more that it plays up to those London voters, the more it risks losing voters outside the capital.
Party 2014 Result
Highest (Year)
Lowest (Year)
Conservatives 612 1,438 (1968) 519 (1994) Labour 1,060 1,221 (1971) 350 (1968)
Overall, the Conservatives have been doing better in local elections than might be expected from a party in government. The usual pattern is for governing parties to lose council seats each year as voters use the elections to register protests at the national government. But in recent elections, the number of seats the Conservatives hold has gone up. That's partly because Conservatives have benefited from the collapse of smaller parties, but it could also be partly related to Labour's lower popularity outside London.
“There's no question that for a party in opposition, Labour should be doing far, far better than they are,” Travers said. “They're still trailing the Conservatives in England.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Las Vegas police said a man was shot in the leg at a park Saturday night.
Metro officers responded about 10 p.m. to Molasky Park, near the Boulevard Mall on Twain Avenue. Police said a man was shot in the lower leg and was alert but was refusing to cooperate with the investigation.
He was transported to a nearby hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
No other information was released.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
IT WAS a night at the theatre. The audience hung about the foyer, tossing back their champagne and beer and chit chatting in an arty sort of way. I was there on my own, just watching and attempting to feel comfortable, when suddenly the level of conversation stopped and the crowd parted.
Here came an impossibly glamorous woman. She was draped with a loose shiny gold off the shoulder top that came to the top of her tiny black shorts. This was complemented by thigh high stiletto black suede boots, giant gold hoop earrings and black and white dyed hair. She looked sensational as she shimmered her way through the crowds. She radiated composure, beauty elegance. This was no young chicky babe, this was a woman in her prime.
I looked down at my sensible shoes and sighed. When did I start playing small in the way I dressed? Had I succumbed to what is unkindly called "mutton shaming”. (This unpleasant phrase derives from the saying that a woman who dresses "inappropriately” for her age is "mutton dressed up as lamb”. Ghastly saying)
Stories about invisible older women abound but a quick whiz around the internet reveals that the stylish older woman is out in force. There are stylish, outrageous and elegantly dressed older woman everywhere.
Watch out world, the older women are a force to be reckoned with. One time baby boomers who danced to the Rolling Stones, roamed the Himalayas and rocked out in London are not going quietly into a demure old age.
I looked at the glamorous woman and I looked at my shoes and thought stuff this. I have spent too much time trying to be "good”. I can't keep it up. I have found that being well behaved is a terrible strain on my character.
I remembered the fabulous hat my sister bought and wears proudly at any opportunity. I recalled the bright red lipstick my good friend (in her 70s) wears with pride. Then I thought about the red boots I had decided against as impractical, and not really needed.
The golden woman lounged elegantly against the bar. Two handsome young men hovered nearby offering flutes of champagne. She was compellingly beautiful and unabashed. She inspired me.
I resolved that it was definitely times for me to go and get those red boots. And wear them everywhere
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015, claiming he was fired after false allegations that he groped the singer at an event in 2013. Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery.
“Taylor Swift did not act improperly,” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver, according to the New York Times. Martínez said Mueller offered, “insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when she reported an assault she truly believed happened.”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case, the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants, Swift's mother, Andrew Swift, and Frank Bell (one of Swift's managers). Swift's countersuit will also continue.
Closing arguments are expected today.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (CBSMiami/AP) — Carolina quarterback Cam Newton apologized Thursday night in a Twitter video post for sexist comments made to a female reporter.
“After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women,” the Carolina Panthers quarterback said at the start of the nearly two-minute video. “To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offense to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you.”
On Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running, Newton laughed and said, “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny.”
In the video, Newton said he's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use his platform to inspire others. He said he takes ownership to everything that comes with that.
“What I did was extremely unacceptable,” Newton said. “I'm a father to two beautiful daughters and I try to instill in them that they can be anything that they want to be. The fact that during this process I have already lost sponsors and countless fans I realize that the joke is really on me. I have really learned a valuable lesson from this.”
Newton also sent a message to the “young people” who follow him.
“Don't be like me,” Newton said. “Be better than me. To the reporters, to the journalists, to the moms, the super moms, the daughters, the sisters all around the world I sincerely apologize and hope that you can find the kindness in your heart to forgive me. Thank you.”
The NFL quickly released a statement Wednesday saying that Newton's response to the question was “just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalists who cover our league.”
However, it doesn't appear there will be any punishment handed out to Newton.
“I think there are conversations going on at the club level with the appropriate people, with the Panthers,” NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart said in a conference call Thursday. “I don't want to anticipate the league stepping in there.”
Newton's remarks have proven costly.
Dannon, the maker of Oikos yogurt, cut ties with spokesman Newton on Thursday. Company spokesman Michael Neuwirth released a statement saying it was “shocked and disheartened” at the former league MVP's behavior and comments.
Panthers coach Ron Rivera addressed the situation briefly during his press conference Thursday, saying, “I think Cam made a mistake. I understand he had a conversation where he pretty much said he shouldn't have said what he said.”
Rodrigue issued a statement Wednesday evening saying she and Newton did speak after the news conference, but said the quarterback didn't apologize for his remarks.
Rodrigue was back in the locker room Thursday, flanked by Mike Persinger, the executive sports editor of The Charlotte Observer.
She issued an apology herself Thursday after coming under fire for using a racial slur in tweets she posted about four years ago. The tweets were first reported by BlackSportsOnline.com.
Rodrigue was a college student at Arizona State at the time of the tweets. When asked about the tweets, Persinger said “she has owned them and apologized for them.”
Newton's teammate, Thomas Davis, said he doesn't think the issue will affect the team as it prepares for the game against Detroit on Sunday.
“He's going to have to deal with that moving forward,” Davis said about Newton. “I feel like it's a situation he's going to handle and he's going to handle it well. But for us as a football team we'll remain focused on Detroit.”
Persinger said Wednesday evening that Newton's comments were “unfortunate and out of line.”
The Associated Press Sports Editors announced that it “agrees wholeheartedly that Mr. Newton's response was out of line” and “we ask for a formal apology to Jourdan Rodrigue from Mr. Newton and the Carolina Panthers organization.”
(TM and © Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
May daze: Chicago White Sox rookie still looking for first hit
hello
New York Yankees left fielder Matt Holliday, right, celebrates with Aaron Hicks and Pete Kozma (30) after Holliday hit a three-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Monday, April 17, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York.
The Chicago White Sox have struggled to score runs over the first two weeks of the season, and outside of Avisail Garcia and Matt Davidson every hitter has plenty of room to improve.
That includes Jose Abreu, Todd Frazier, Tim Anderson and Melky Cabrera, but they've all established track records in the major leagues and are expected to pull out of their collective slumps as the season progresses.
Jacob May might have to find his offensive game back at Class AAA Charlotte.
Entering spring training, May was fourth on the depth chart among White Sox center fielders, behind Charlie Tilson, Peter Bourjos and Adam Engel.
Tilson went down with a stress reaction in his right foot early in camp, and there is still no timetable for his return.
Bourjos, a veteran who signed a minor-league contract with the Sox in late January and figured to benefit most from Tilson's injury, was traded to Tampa Bay at the end of training camp.
Engel didn't hit in spring training and was optioned to Charlotte, so May suddenly found himself the White Sox's starter in center after hitting .319 in the Cactus League.
"I had nothing to lose," said May, the Sox's third-round draft pick in 2013 out of Coastal Carolina University. "I came into spring feeling personally as a dark horse in this whole thing. It gave me a little chip on my shoulder. People didn't expect too much from me. I know the organization knows what I'm capable of doing, which is all that really matters."
The White Sox expect May to use his speed and play strong defense, which he has. They expect him to hit enough to stay afloat, which he hasn't.
In Monday night's 7-4 loss to red-hot New York at Yankee Stadium, May was 0-for-3. For the season, the rookie is 0-for-24 with 9 strikeouts.
Manager Rick Renteria sat May in three straight games earlier in the road trip, but May has yet to respond.
"Try to manage that so he still gets enough at-bats and do the things he needs to do to improve and know he's part of us," Renteria told reporters.
While winning their eighth straight, the Yankees jumped out to a 7-0 lead over the Sox. A poor fielding play by Abreu at first base opened the door for New York's 5-run third inning, which was sparked by Matt Holliday's 3-run homer off Derek Holland (1-2).
Yolmer Sanchez hit a 3-run homer for the White Sox in the seventh inning. In the ninth, Sanchez singled and scored on Kevan Smith's double.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Chinese fantasy role playing game has 50m active players
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Did you know that Meghan Markel's perfect playlist includes songs by Drake, Lamar Kendrick, and Lana Del Rey? And some of Prince Harry's favorite comic books include Batman, League of Extraordinary Gentlemen and Judge Dredd. You can find both of those lists, among several others, on the Las Vegas- Clark County Library District's new website.
The site is only available for preview (but gives access to the British content) for now. The new www.lvccld.org site will go live on June 19, exactly one month after the Royal Wedding. The featured British content pulls in books, music, and movies from the library's archive. Anyone with a library card will have to register it on the news site.
The public will need to register their library cards on the new site, which will enable them to continue checking out and downloading our thousands of materials. Once the old website is taken down on June 19, Library cardholders will need to be registered in order to check out items.
The public is also encouraged to share their feedback with the Library District to help our staff put the finishing touches on the site. Comments and suggestions may be emailed to feedback@lvccld.org.
For fun, here are some common British phrases:
All mount and no trousers: All talk, no action
Argy-bargy: a heated argument or confrontation
Chuffed: to be pleased with something
Doofer: unnamed object, thingamajig
Idiot Box: TV set
Laughing Gear: a metaphor for a person's mouth
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Citic to take writedown of up to $1bn on Australian mine
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear […]
BASSETERRE, ST. KITTS – Former Prime Minister the Rt. Hon. Dr. Denzil L. Douglas said when the St. Kitts-Nevis Labour Party administration left office in 2015, the debt to GDP ratio was about 70 percent and destined to reach 60 percent in 2017 ahead of the 2020 deadline.
During his weekly radio programme “Ask the Leader” Dr. Douglas, slammed Prime Minister Dr. the Hon. Timothy Harris for being “deceitful and lying” for giving the impression that he is responsible for success of the home-grown IMF Structural Adjustment Programme.
Dr. Douglas recalled that the St. Kitts-Nevis Labour Party Administration initiated the programme to tackle the high debt situation to ensure that there would be economic activity again that would generate growth in the economy and provide job opportunities for nationals, especially the youth, young men and women, one of the persons who was in the Labour Party Government at that time was Dr. Timothy Harris.
Dr. Harris while serving as Minister of Finance in the Labour Party Administration embraced the Budget.
“Timothy Harris when he left the Government indicated that he opposed the IMF arrangement. Never said a word in the Cabinet but being very deceitful and deceptive, said that he opposed it and in parliament indicated that it was a wrong position for the government to take,” said Dr. Douglas, who pointed to the several articles and public statements not only at the international level, but at the regional level that lauded the effort of the Labour Party Administration in going into the programme with the IMF to address the serious economic and financial and social issues.
“We initiated a programme which was successfully completed with high marks being given by the IMF. The debt to GDP ratio that we left was about 70 percent of GDP,” said Dr. Douglas, who accused Prime Minister Harris of being “deceitful and lying” for telling the Nation that he paid off a debt that the Labour Administration left.
“Dr. Harris cannot even be gracious at a time when there has been abundant success as a result of a programme that he first embraced (in the Labour Government and as Minister of Finance) and then opposed just before he was dismissed from the Labour Cabinet,” said Dr. Douglas, who again used the opportunity to express thanks to several persons involved in the IMF discussions.
“I remember seeing our Financial Secretary Janet Harris at a point of severe strain to the extent where her health could have failed her because of her dedication and sacrifice she exhibited to ensure that today we are where we are in St. Kitts and Nevis,” said Dr. Douglas, who also recalled her “passion with regard to the plight of young people, those whom she saw in her own church and on the streets and it's because of the personal contradictions that she had seen in life here in St. Kitts and Nevis which motivated her to ensure that a programme was successfully put in place and steered in the right direction. “
He also commended Hilary Hazel, who succeeded Mrs. Harris when she took up an appointment at the World Bank to get greater experience and exposure and to be called to greater service to prepare to come back to serve.
“I want to thank Hilary for taking on the mantle Mrs. Manning-Gumbs for working diligently. Calvin Edwards and the other staff members in the Ministry of Finance and also Accountant at the Treasury, Mr. Livi Bradshaw who kept a watchful eye as to what was happening. I want to thank all of them in the Ministry of Finance,” said Dr. Douglas, who added: “I do not thank Harris because as he opposed it after embracing it. They (officials) believed in it and pursued it and should be given the credit and not Dr. Harris, who is trying to grab everything for himself, even something that he did not support in the end.”
“He is trying to grab the fruits of it but the people of St. Kitts and Nevis are saying loudly and clearly that he is a failure and will continue to hold on to his zeros as the people try to hold on to their x's and will exercise those x's at the right time,” said Dr. Douglas.
Following the severe financial and economic crisis in 2008, St. Kitts and Nevis after pursuing the 3 year IMF programme achieved a 7 percent growth rate in 2013 and 6 percent in 2014. The growth rate has been lauded by the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank (ECCB), the Barbados-based Caribbean Development Bank (CDB), the Washington-based International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, the United Nations, the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean and the Commonwealth.
Since taking office, the growth rate has taken a nose dive under the Timothy Harris-led CCM/PLP/PAM coalition registering 3.5 percent in 2015and an estimated 3 percent in 2016.
A User Targets Janhvi Over Sridevi's Death & 'Nepotism'
@asthathacker_90: "She literally seems so unaffected by her mom's death, she just wants the sympathy for her movie. Has all the time for gym looks and Airport and restaurant PR pictures. The nose job, lip job, skin lightening and still she needs to hide half her face to look decent! Worst form of nepotism." [sic]
Pic Courtesy - Vogue
Designer Masaba Gupta Comes To Janhvi's Support
masabagupta: "@asthathacker_90 Astha,it is so disappointing to see this comment & I think you should take it back because it is the most insensitive thing I've seen on social media. How do you or anyone else judges how affected or unaffected she is by anything.
I think it's brilliant that she can keep her head up & finish her film, workout & grab a bite with her friends. She's what, 21/22 & is workout hard to live her dream & live a regular life & I don't see a damn thing wrong.
People need to stop being obsessed with seeing celebrities fall apart & not keep moving forward. She's just starting out& has had a huge personal loss. show some fucking compassion." [sic]
@ hummaa_@farzana0808
"Crazy how a nose job and some plastic surgery can completely change someone's life?" [sic]
Pic Courtesy - Vogue
@namaastayinbed
"What do I have to do to be on Vogue's cover?" VOGUE- HAVE FAMOUS FREAKING PARENTS. Her movie isn't even out and its the cover of vogue ffs. Like, there as so many models who work so hard and never get this opportunity, what is wrong with you guys." [sic]
@crushed.itt
"Thia is very pretty but why is she getting a cover? Her debut film is not even out yet. I mean ok she works hard on acting and her legendary mom leaving is def tragic but cmon. Getting a cover. I mean VOGUE cover. That's a bit too much. This is nepotism at its finest." [sic]
@ramneek_gupta
"So many nonsense remarks .what's wrong with you people .Nothing wrong even if she did plastic surgeries ,it's her face her skin .why are we commenting on that .and no doubt that the entire nation knows her and she already has a fan following .I am sure Karan Johar is smart enough to invest in a project and cast her."
@syedashakil
"She is stunning but they're many other models who work their ass of to be in this position❤." [sic]
@slayernextdoor
"Thank you vogue for supporting nepotism." [sic]
@radhectic@thilaaanii_
"first movie isn't even released and look at the caption "star is born" LOL. No wonder Bollywood is going out of fashion. So much nepotism." [sic]
@sjuhib
"What criteria make her a star? Because she's Sri Devi's daughter?? That's absurd, she needs to earn her right to stardom." [sic]
Fans Target Janhvi's Nose Surgery
@harpreettkaurr: "Girls got mad plastic in her face."
@xoxo_6544: "She for sure got a nose job !!@janhvikapoor."
@m.a.s.t.e.r.s.h.o.c.k.z
"Her mom earned it...... Let her earn it too rather than spoon feeding via a golden spoon. You guys dig?@vogueindia." [sic]
A Few Felt Bad For Janhvi!
@neetitamta: "Really sad to see such comments above ....targeting vogue or jhanvi guys .....dont be soo judgemental ppl know what they are doing , fashion magazine can print any beautiful face irrespective of any thing dont hang someone just for being star kid all the best jhanvi kapoor."
English 🇬🇧: Real Madrid has agreed a 272M € deal for Mbappé. They will pay the transfer in 4 payments.— Baptiste Ripart (@RipartBaptiste) July 3, 2018
Yesterday we told you about how Ranbir Kapoor couldn't stop pulling Katrina Kaif's leg while they were spreading a word about their upcoming film Jagga Jasoos at a radio station.
Now, we have some more fresh scoop about these former lovers that will leave you surprised. Scroll down to read further...
Katrina On Keeping Her Social Media Account Updated During the interview when they touched upon the topic of social media, Katrina said, "Once you are on social media, then it is a bit of a task to keep your account updated.
Katrina Kaif Reveals The Real Reason Why Ranbir Is Not On Social Media Kat quipped, "Ranbir is a lazy person. It would be hard for him to keep posting on his account. That is why he is not on social media."
Ranbir Was The Third Person To Follow Katrina On Instagram And then Ranbir made some really interesting revelation which set us into thinking. He said, "I am on Instagram. I was the third person to follow Katrina Kaif." Ahem, ahem!
Ranbir Reveals He Keeps A Tab On Katrina's Instagram Page He further added, "What's more, I keep an eye on her account. The moment she posts a pic, I call her and discuss the picture with her saying what is the purpose of the pic, the angles and everything." Hahahaa..that's damn funny now!
Meanwhile Ranbir Is Waiting For His Infant Nephew Taimur To Join The Film Industry When the conversation steered towards Ranbir's nephew, baby Taimur who is currently the internet sensation, the actor said, "I have seen him only when he was 3 months old and there was less glow on his face. And when I saw his fresh pics on the Internet, I was like, ‘Whoa! who is he?'
Taimur has got the best of both his parents Saif and Kareena. Now, we are just looking forward to him joining films soon."
Coming back to Jagga Jasoos, after several delays, the film is finally hitting the big screens on 14th July. Are you folks looking forward to watching it?
CTV/ABC News(TORONTO) — The 25-year-old Canadian man accused of mowing down pedestrians with a van in northern Toronto Monday has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Alek Minassian, with a stone-faced expression and clad in a white jail jumpsuit, appeared in court this morning in Toronto, which is the sprawling capital of Ontario province. He is scheduled to appear in court again May 10 via video link.
Minassian was arrested and taken into custody Monday as the suspected driver in the van attack, which killed 10 people and injured 15 others, according to the Toronto Police Service.
Neighbors of Minassian, who lived in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hills, described him as very quiet and odd. They told ABC News they saw him in the neighborhood — including one neighbor who said he regularly saw him jogging — but had never spoken to him.
At a news conference in Canada's capital this morning, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau provided no suspected motive for the attack but said investigators still “have no reason to suspect that there is any national security element to this attack.”
“Obviously, all Canadians continue and will continue to have questions about why this happened, what could possibly be the motives behind it,” Trudeau told reporters in Ottawa. “As was indicated last night by our public security minister, at this time we have no reason to suspect that there is any national security element to this attack, but obviously the investigations continue.”
Monday's attack began at Yonge Street and Finch Avenue in Toronto's bustling North York neighborhood, police said. The suspect then drove the white Ryder van south for nearly 1 1/2 miles, ramming into more pedestrians at Yonge Street and Sheppard Avenue. The vehicle finally stopped on Poyntz Avenue, just off Yonge Street.
Witness Ali Shaker saw the van jump the sidewalk and said people walking were “crumbled up,” he told Canada's CTV News.
“He's just hitting people one by one, going down,” Shaker said. “It was a nightmare.”
Visibly frightened by what he saw, Shaker could barely recount the horror he witnessed. He said he was driving when the incident occurred.
“I'm so shaky — I can't believe this is happening,” he said. “This is so unbelievable.”
Shaker initially assumed the driver was experiencing some kind of medical emergency, he said, and even attempted to try to stop the driver from causing more carnage.
“I thought he had a heart attack or something so I was trying to chase him on the way, almost trying to catch up,” he told CTV News, adding that the driver was moving fast.
“He hit everybody on the sidewalk; anybody in his way he would hit,” Shaker added. “The bus stop — all shattered. There was a lady in there I saw and I stopped and I looked and I went after and all I see is just crumbling one by one.”
Phil Zullo, who also witnessed the attack, told CTV News he saw “shoes and hats flown everywhere.”
Another witness said he stopped outside of a building for a smoke break and saw a middle-aged man get struck as he was crossing the street.
“As I lit up my cigarette I saw a man walking in the middle of the intersection and a van plowed right into him,” the witness, who went by Steve, told CTV News. “I saw the guy go flying. … It was just clear as day, just saw the guy get hit by the van and pieces of the van fell off.”
Afterward, Steve said he rushed into the middle of the street to tend to the injured man “to make sure no other cars struck him.”
The victim, he said, was around 50, was unconscious “and could barely move.”
The van kept driving and hit others, Steven added, leaving behind pools of blood.
“I saw three or four [people] on the ground around me,” he said. “Other people were getting CPR.”
He's convinced that stopping for the cigarette break saved him, Steve said.
“I had just stopped to light the cigarette and if I hadn't done that I would have been killed as well,” he said. “I would have been right there with that guy.”
Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre in Toronto confirmed in a statement that it had received a total of 10 patients from Monday's incident. Two of them were pronounced dead upon arrival. Five others were in critical condition and three were in serious condition, the hospital said.
Images from the scene showed multiple victims on the ground, while video showed the moment a single police officer confronted the suspect on the street.
In the video, taken by an onlooker, the officer draws his firearm and stands off against the suspect, who appears to be pointing an object. The two exchange words, and the suspect eventually drops the object he was holding and gets down on the sidewalk, allowing the officer to handcuff him.
During Tuesday morning's press conference, Trudeau called the incident “a senseless attack and a horrific tragedy.” He told reporters he spoke with Ontario's premier and Toronto's mayor Monday night.
Trudeau will go to Toronto “as soon as it makes sense to do so,” he said, but doesn't want to distract from the investigation for now.
Toronto Mayor John Tory told reporters Monday afternoon that his “thoughts are with those affected by this incident.” He said the beautiful weather meant many people were out o the street.
“There were a lot of pedestrians out,” Tory said, “enjoying the sunny afternoon.”
Canadian Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness Ralph Goodale called the incident an attack but said he didn't want to speculate when asked whether the terrorism was to blame.
“We cannot come to any firm conclusions at this stage,” Goodale told reporters Monday. “The police are conducting their thorough investigation into what happened and why it happened.”
U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen is in Toronto as part of the G-7 Security Ministerial, which is set to conclude Tuesday. A senior official with the U.S. Department of State told ABC News the U.S. delegation is safe.
The White House released its first comment on the attack late-Monday night, saying, “The United States stands with the Canadian people in the aftermath of today's tragic event in Toronto, where a van drove into a crowd of people killing several and injuring many more.”
“Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those affected, and we wish a full recovery to those injured,” the statement continued. “The United States Government pledges to provide any support Canada may need.”
Ryder, the brand of rental truck involved in the incident, said in a statement it was saddened by “this tragic event” and extended its “deepest sympathies” to those impacted.
The company also stated that it is “cooperating fully with authorities.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Valencia sporting director, Jesus Garcia Pitarch, has revealed that he held talks with Chelsea midfielder, John Obi Mikel, over a possible transfer to the club. Mikel Obi has not played at all under new manager, Antonio Conte, and will become a free agent this summer. However, Chelsea may allow the Super Eagles captain leave this […]
ATHENS, GREECE--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp. (the "Company" or "Seanergy") ( NASDAQ : SHIP), announced today that it has entered into a time charter contract ("T/C") with a major European charterer, for one of its Capesize dry bulk vessels, for a period of about eighteen (18) months to about twenty-two (22) months. The T/C is for the 180,000 dwt Capesize vessel M/V Lordship and is expected to commence in June 2017, upon expiration of the vessel's current T/C with the same charterer. The net daily charter hire is index-linked rate based on the 5 T/C route rate of Baltic Capesize Index ("BCI"). In addition, the charter contract provides the option to Seanergy to convert at any time and for a period of minimum three (3) months to maximum twelve (12) months the index-linked rate into a fixed rate corresponding to the prevailing value of the respective Capesize FFA.
Stamatis Tsantanis, the Company's Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, commented: "We are pleased to announce the time charter contract of M/V Lordship's for a period of up to twenty-two months with a major European charterer. Our high quality of service has made us a preferred business partner to first-class charterers and we expect this to continue being a central pillar of our commercial strategy. Indicatively, based on the prevailing spot rate for Capesize vessels, this time charter contract could contribute more than $10 million of net revenues to the Company, assuming the full 22-month employment. Furthermore, the 5 T/C route rate associated with the agreement will allow us to benefit from the potential market upside, while our option to convert to a fixed rate provides us with the flexibility to lock into a profitable fixed rate for up to 12 months at any point.
"As the freight market strengthens, we expect to secure additional long term employment agreements for our fleet."
About Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp.
Seanergy Maritime Holdings Corp. is an international shipping company that provides marine dry bulk transportation services through the ownership and operation of dry bulk vessels. The Company currently owns a modern fleet of ten dry bulk carriers, consisting of eight Capesizes and two Supramaxes, with a combined cargo-carrying capacity of approximately 1,503,369 dwt and an average fleet age of about 8.2 years.
Following the delivery of the newly acquired Capesize vessel, the Company will have a modern fleet of a total of eleven dry bulk carriers, consisting of nine Capesizes and two Supramaxes, with a combined cargo-carrying capacity of approximately 1,682,582 dwt and an average fleet age of about 8.0 years.
The Company is incorporated in the Marshall Islands with executive offices in Athens, Greece and an office in Hong Kong. The Company's common shares and class A warrants trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols "SHIP" and "SHIPW", respectively.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) concerning future events. Words such as "may," "should," "expects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "anticipates," "hopes," "estimates," and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks and are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates, which are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, the Company's operating or financial results; the Company's liquidity, including its ability to pay amounts that it owes and obtain additional financing in the future to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, refinancings and other general corporate activities; competitive factors in the market in which the Company operates; shipping industry trends, including charter rates, vessel values and factors affecting vessel supply and demand; future, pending or recent acquisitions and dispositions, business strategy, areas of possible expansion or contraction, and expected capital spending or operating expenses; risks associated with operations outside the United States; and other factors listed from time to time in the Company's filings with the SEC, including its most recent annual report on Form 20-F. The Company's filings can be obtained free of charge on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Except to the extent required by law, the Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based.
Keep this home decor out of the kids' rooms.
A new study from the Center for Injury Research and Policy found that almost 17,000 children under 6 were taken to emergency rooms for window blind-related injuries between 1990 and 2015.
Although most kids were treated and released, on average one child died each month, usually due to strangulation from the blind cord.
“There is a misperception that if we just watch our kids carefully, they will be safe. But even the best parent in the world cannot watch their child every second of every day,” Gary Smith, author of the study and director of CIRP at Nationwide Children's Hospital, writes in a press release. “A curious child can quickly get entangled in a window blind cord. This can lead to strangulation within minutes, and the parent may not hear a thing because the child often can't make a sound while this is happening.”
Window blinds are especially dangerous to kids under 4 who are just starting to gain mobility, but do not understand the hazards of strangulation.
To make your home safer for your kids, Smith says you should replace all blinds that have cords with cordless blinds, blinds with inaccessible cords or alternate window coverings, such as window shutters, drapes or curtains.
BROOKLINE, Mass. (AP) — Residents of a Boston suburb have voted to rename the elementary school once attended by John F. Kennedy because it was named for a former slave owner.
Town meeting members in Brookline voted Tuesday 171-19 to change the name of the Edward Devotion School.
It will be known as the Coolidge Corner School, after its neighborhood, until a new name can be approved at next spring's town meeting.
Deborah Brown, who proposed the change, said, "No child should have to walk into a school named for someone who enslaved people."
Opponents called the name change an empty gesture that doesn't address racism's underlying causes.
Devotion, who died in 1744, left money to the town on the condition it is used for a school.
The future president attended from kindergarten through third grade.
Justin Bieber's Girlfriend - Check Out The 'Sorry' Star's Complete Dating History
See all of the women the Biebs has been linked to right here.
Shock - Justin Bieber is a hit with the ladies, we know that much. But how many of these women from his past do you remember, Selena Gomez aside? We've got you covered with our look back at his complete dating history.
People Are Only Just Realising That Drake Was In Justin Bieber's Music Video For 'Baby'
Selena Gomez
Selena and Justin originally dated for around three years from 2010 to 2013 but it's been speculated that the couple have reunited several times since they split up. In early 2018, JB & Selena finally reunited, but it was short lived as they took a break not long after. They're currently not officially together but we doubt it will be long until they're back together.
Picture: Instagram
Sofia Richie
Yes, that is Lionel Richie's daughter, Sofia. Justin dated her when she was just 17 years old but it wasn't an easy ride for the pair as they had their fair share of abuse from fans, forcing Bieber to turn off comments on his Instagram page. It wasn't to last and they parted ways shortly after.
Picture: Instagram
Hailey Baldwin
Hailey and Justin spent a LOT of time together around 2016, and their 'relationship' was confirmed after they posted a photo of them kissing on Instagram, but again it was a short lived romance but it looks like the pair stayed mates after it.
Picture: Instagram
Kendall Jenner
He's great mates with the entire Kardashian clan, but it was rumoured that Justin and Kendall were hooking up after bystanders saw the pair looking very cosy at Coachella - and with them posing for photos like these, it's no wonder the rumour mill starts turning!
Picture: Instagram
Ariana Grande
It's not a surprise that Justin and Ariana were spotted together a fair few times in 2015 given that they are both managed by Scooter Braun, but it was rumoured that intimate cuddles like this one on stage during Ari's 'Honeymoon Tour' were the reason Big Sean called time on his relationship with her. Nothing was ever confirmed and she's since been loved up with Mac Miller.
Picture: Splash
Yovanna Ventura
There was once a time when JB would post photo after photo of Yovanna and then she just… disappeared off the face of the Earth. The pair were said to have been hooking up but it finished just as quick as it started and she was never to be seen again.
Picture: Instagram
Shanina Shaik
Justin and Shanina shared a lovely weekend together in May 2015 when they were spotted at a pool party together ahead of the Mayweather/Pacquiao boxing match, which JB took Shanina to as his date. While Justin was clearly proud of taking the model as his date, the pair weren't seen hanging out together since.
Picture: Instagram
Miranda Kerr
Justin's flirtations with Victoria's Secret model Miranda actually ended up in a punch up with her ex, Orlando Bloom when they were both in Ibiza after he claimed they'd been getting close at a VS fashion show. JB also taunted Orlando by posting a photo of Miranda on his Instagram, which he quickly deleted. It's never been confirmed whether anything happened between them, and Miranda, who is 11 years older than Biebs, has denied they were ever anything more than pals.
Picture: Instagram
Barbara Palvin
Justin and ANOTHER Victoria's Secret model... These two were rumoured to be hooking up after the pair were tweeting each other and were spotted hanging out on several occasions. The Beliebers quickly unearthed a video of Barbs saying she doesn't like Selena… we can imagine this whole sitch did NOT go down well with Miss Gomez!
Picture: Splash
Miley Cyrus
At one point these two looked like they could almost be twins but Miley and Justin's rumoured affair is one of the weirdest ones yet. A few years ago, an American magazine claimed that Miley had hooked up with Justin and got pregnant… but the 'Wrecking Ball' star hit back by posting a snap of the magazine cover mocking the fact they had claimed she and Selena had been pregnant by the same man, captioned "and by that we mean @justinbieber". It doesn't sound like these two were any more than just mates!
Picture: Instagram
Kourtney Kardashian
After Justin and Kourtney were spotted together a LOT after she spilt with Scott Disick, rumours started flying. However, Justin's just great mates with the family and even joked "I'm being used man!" when asked about what was going on between the pair of them. And given that he was also rumoured to have dated Kourt's little sis, Kendall Jenner, that could have got hella awkward.
Picture: Splash
Rita Ora
Rita's admitted in previous interviews that she fancies Justin Bieber (saying "who doesn't?" when she was quizzed about him), and sources claimed JB was partly to blame for Rita's split from Calvin Harris after it was claimed he got annoyed that the pair had gotten too close while they were in the recording studio together.
Picture: Instagram
Madison Beer
While Madison is just another singer Justin has taken under his wing, it was enough to make Selena a bit jealous while the couple were together - she turned up to check on the pair after they enjoyed a few too many late night recording sessions together but the pair have always maintained they're just friends.
Picture: Instagram
Jayde Pierce
Justin was snapped with aspiring British model Jayde a couple of times while she was over in LA for a few weeks sparking rumours that she might be his new love interest, and the pair even went on holiday together but it looks like these two probably were just pals as we've not heard the Biebs mention Miss Pierce since.
Picture: Instagram
Adriana Lima
Justin and Adriana were rumoured to have hooked up at Cannes in 2014 after "he pursued her hard" and the pair left together at 5am according to Us Weekly. The boy does love a Victoria's Secret model!
Picture: Instagram
Baskin Champion
Justin and Baskin were spotted at a concert together and then at a church service (gotta get right with the Lord, of course) in 2018 and fans were quick to suggest they were dating after his latest split from Selena Gomez. We'll have to keep an eye on this one...
xx A post shared by baskin champion (@baskinchamp) onApr 8, 2018 at 11:39am PDT
We'll keep you guys updates on all the news on Justin's love life...
> Download Our Free App For The Latest Justin News!
Researcher develops ransomware attack that targets water supply
David Formby conducted an experiment to warn the public about such attacks
A security researcher is showing that it's not hard to hold industrial control systems for ransom. He's experimented with a simulated water treatment system based on actual programmable logic controllers (PLCs) and documented how these can be hacked.
David Formby, a PhD student at Georgia Institute of Technology, conducted his experiment to warn the industry about the danger of poorly-secured PLCs. These small dedicated computers can be used to control important factory processes or utilities, but are sometimes connected to the internet.
For instance, Formby found that 1,500 of these industrial PLCs are accessible online, he said while speaking at the RSA cybersecurity conference on Monday. It's not hard to imagine a hacker trying to exploit these exposed PLCs, he added. Cybercriminals have been infecting businesses across the world with ransomware, a form of malware that can hold data hostage in exchange for bitcoin.
For a hacker, holding an industrial control system hostage can also be lucrative, and far more devastating for the victim.
“He (the hacker) can threaten to permanently damage this really sensitive equipment,” Formby said. “For example, a power grid transformer can take months to repair.”
Ideally, industrial PLCs should be “air-gapped” or segregated from the internet. But often times, they're connected to other computers that are frequently online. Or they're accessible from a third-party vendor, who's been hired to maintain them over the internet, Formby said.
In addition, these PLCs are often old, and weren't built with online security features in mind. For instance, there's nothing to protect them from brute-force password attacks or to prevent the use of weak passwords, Formby said.
To demonstrate the risks, Formby designed a simulated water treatment plant, built with actual industrial PLCs that will control the flow of water and chlorine into a storage tank (a YouTube video can be found here).
In a month's time he developed a ransomware-like attack to control the PLCs to fill the storage tank with too much chlorine, making the water mix dangerous to drink. Formby also managed to fool the surrounding sensors into thinking that clean water was actually inside the tank.
A hacker wanting to blackmail a water utility could take a same approach, and threaten to taint the water supply unless paid a ransom, he warned.
Real-world water treatment systems are more sophisticated than the generic one he designed, Formby said. However, poorly-secured PLCs are being used across every industry, including in oil and gas plants and manufacturing.
Most of these PLCs he found that were accessible online are located in the U.S., but many others were found in India and China, he said.
1 2 Next Page
Scoreboard Minnesota 38, Chicago 10 Cincinnati 27, Baltimore 10 New England 35, Miami 14 N.Y. Jets 30, Buffalo 10 Philadelphia 27, Dallas 13 Indianapolis 24, Jacksonville 20 Tampa Bay 17, Carolina 16 Tennessee 24, Houston 17 Pittsburgh 27, Cleveland 24, OT Seattle 25, San Francisco 23 Kansas City 37, San Diego 27 Arizona 44, Los Angeles 6 N.Y. Giants 19, Washington 10 Denver 24, Oakland 6 Green Bay 31, Detroit 24
INDIANAPOLIS – Indianapolis Colts linebacker Robert Mathis left football the way he wanted Sunday.
He got one more strip-sack for the record books, one more football for his family, and one more win for his résumé – even if he did have to thank a quarterback for making it possible.
Andrew Luck threw a 1-yard TD pass to Jack Doyle with 9 seconds left, giving the Colts a 24-20 victory over the Jacksonville Jaguars that set off a frenzied postgame farewell celebration two days after Mathis announced he was retiring.
“You just don't want it to end, but to be in position to say goodbye to the fans and the teammates the way they did, I can't ask for anything more,” Mathis said.
The game had more impact on draft position than playoff position, and the final result may play some role in what the two team owners decide to do with their coaches.
Otherwise, it was all about milestone feats, Bill Polian's induction into the Colts' Ring of Honor and the departure of Mathis, Indy's career sacks leader (123).
Unlike many of his former high-profile teammates – Peyton Manning, Dwight Freeney, Marvin Harrison and Reggie Wayne – Mathis was able to go out on his own terms and received the kind of send-off the others did not.
There was a tribute video during his final introduction; highlights played throughout the game; a halftime hug from Polian; and a public postgame celebration with his wife and children on the field.
“This is the only fitting ending for one of the greatest players of all time, one of the greatest pass rushers of all time and probably one of the greatest teammates of all time,” Luck said after going 24 of 40 with 321 yards, two touchdowns and one interception.
Luck rallied the Colts from a 17-0 halftime deficit by leading them to two third-quarter touchdowns and then, with no timeouts and down 20-17, took Indy (8-8) on a season-closing 75-yard TD drive that ended with the TD pass to Doyle. It took 84 seconds and left Jacksonville (3-13), which had just taken a 20-17 lead with 1:33 to go, with barely enough time for one miracle play.
Mathis' teammates snuffed that out as time expired.
Milestone year
Colts running back Frank Gore added to his incredible season by rushing for 62 yards, giving him 1,026 this season. He became the fourth player in league history to rush for 1,000 yards at age 33 or older and the oldest since 35-year-old John Riggins did it in 1984. Gore is 33.
Gore joins Emmitt Smith, Curtis Martin, Walter Payton and Barry Sanders as the only players with nine or more 1,000-yard seasons.
By Music News Group
Courtesy of Getty Images' Rick DiamondJason Aldean raised more than $700,000 for the children's hospital in his hometown this weekend, thanks to his sold-out Concert for the Kids in Macon, Georgia.
Before the show, the two-time ACM Entertainer of the Year visited with patients and their families, and the hospital officially renamed one of its streets Jason Aldean Way.
“Macon will always be my roots,” Jason reflected. “When I moved away to chase music, all I wanted to do was make my family and hometown proud. But, I'm just a singer. I'm honored to be able to do what I do to help raise money, but the doctors and staff are the heroes and are changing these kids' lives.”
This was the second year in a row that Jason's held the fundraising concert. In all, he's brought in more than $1.2 million for the facility.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
Constantino Banda, 38, pleaded not guilty in a hit-and-run crash in San Ysidro that left a 6-year-old boy seriously injured.
A mistrial was declared again Monday in the case of the oft-deported unauthorized immigrant accused of driving drunk and causing a crash that badly injured a boy returning from Disneyland.
Constantino Banda, 38, was charged with driving under the influence, driving without a license and felony hit and run.
A judge declared a mistrial on all three counts.
This is the second time a mistrial was declared in Banda's case. In September 2017, a San Diego judge declared a mistrial after jurors deadlocked over the first three counts, according to prosecutors.
They found Banda guilty of misdemeanor battery, vandalism and driving without a license. They could not, however, reach an agreement on the DUI and hit-and-run charges.
On May 6, 2017, Banda collided with a family's car on Camino De La Plaza and Dair Mart Road in San Ysidro. Ingrid and Benjamin Lake were driving home from Disneyland with their 6-year-old son, Lennox Lake, when they were struck.
Lennox was seriously injured in the collision with a fractured skull. He was released from the hospital in late May 2017 and has continued recovering at home since then.
The Banda has a lengthy history of being deported from the U.S. He was deported 15 times in the past decade. The most recent deportation took place in January 2017, according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
After the collision, Banda allegedly fled the scene and was arrested shortly after by CBP officials, police said. The authorities then determined that Banda and his passenger were in the country illegally.
Benjamin Lake previously told NBC 7 he hopes the justice system will function correctly in this case.
"I just hope the justice system does what it's supposed to do and things are handled properly," he said.
Boy Hospitalized After Hit-and-Run Crash
On Saturday, after a fun day at Disneyland; Benjamin, his wife, and 6-year-old Lennox, were driving home in San Ysidro. As NBC 7's Ashley Matthews reports, their lives changed in an instant. (Published Wednesday, May 10, 2017)
Jacob Sapochnick, an immigration attorney told NBC 7 although Banda has been deported an unusual number of times, it is common for unauthorized immigrants to re-enter the U.S. however they can.
"People know exactly where to cross, when to cross, what time to cross, how to do all that," Sapochnick said.
In 2016, there were more than 23,000 people deported from San Diego.
The Lady Devils bounced back a short time later with a 13-1 knockout of Knoxville Central.
Lebanon led Gibbs 3-1 going into the fifth when the onslaught began. Olivia Wheeler's two-run single off Anna Smallwood broke a tie.
The Lady Devils jumped to a 1-0 lead in the first inning on a Brittany Harris RBI single and tacked on two more in the second on RBI by Smallwood and Brianna Nagelhout.
Lebanon finished with 10 hits, including multiple knocks by Nagelhout and Megan Jaselskis.
Gibbs also had 10 hits, including three by Kayley Kern and multiple efforts by Bailey Reagan and Josie Huff.
Lebanon enjoyed an eight-run inning right off the bat against Knoxville Central in the first inning as Nagelhout, Harris and Anna Bennett singled and Brizeida Chavez had an RBI groundout.
Harris, Morgan Jones and Macy Lee each had multiple hits for the Lady Devils, who totaled 11 for the game. Chavez, Nagelhout, Lee and Harris each had two RBI.
CAK edges Central 5-4 in 7th
CHATTANOOGA — Christian Academy of Knoxville knocked Wilson Central out of the Soddy-Daisy Tournament with a 5-4 win last Saturday at Warner Park.
CAK scored the walk-off winner in the bottom of the seventh inning on an RBI triple off reliever Kaylee Richetto after a runner was placed on second base to start the inning, per the international tiebreaker.
Central couldn't score in the top of the inning despite Laney Tucker standing on second base to start the frame as the Lady Wildcats fell to 16-11-1.
CAK pulled into a 4-4 tie with a run in the bottom of the sixth inning off starter Taryn Pastore, who was charged with four runs on seven hits in 5 2/3 innings.
Central took a 4-3 lead with two runs in the top of the sixth a time expired. Claire Smith walked with two out, stole second and, on Paige Robinson's single to center, scored on a head-first slide between the catcher's legs. Following an Alaina Morris bunt single, Richetto dropped a single into center to score Robinson with the go-ahead run.
Brooke Pfefferle doubled in Morris and Richetto for a 2-0 Lady Wildcat lead in the top of the first inning.
CAK put together back-to-back singles, a groundout and a two-run double to take a 3-2 edge in the third.
Central was scheduled to go to Station Camp for a District 9-AAA double header Monday.
VICTORIA — British Columbia's Conservation Officer Service reports more than 20,000 conflicts between humans and wildlife around the province between January and October of this year.
Environment Ministry spokesman Mike Badry says about 14,000 of those complaints involve confrontations with black bears.
He says 469 bears, approximately one in every 30 complaints, had to be destroyed.
Spring and early summer produced the greatest number of complaints about bears, but Badry says the confrontations have tailed off, making 2017 an average year for complaints about wildlife.
He warns that confrontations could increase because bears are now focused on finding as much food as possible before they hibernate.
Homeowners are urged to secure all food sources, such as garbage or compost and to ensure fruit trees are picked clean.
"These bears are trying to put on weight for denning throughout the winter, so they are highly motivated to find food," Badry says.
"That is where we really put the emphasis on attractant management." (CKIZ)
The Canadian Press
Miami's Most Iconic BarsGoing out to a bar is a very popular outing for adults on the weekends. But most bars just play music and offer drinks. For those looking for a little change, try visiting an iconic bar. Antique architecture, buildings, legends from decades in the past, and gorgeous, calming views are just some of the things that go into making a bar an iconic landmark.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The Minnesota Senate has passed a bill Monday that will add strict oversight and nearly $10 million in funding to fix the state's computer system for vehicle licensing.
Drivers have had long wait times for car tabs and titles ever since the new $93 million computer system, MNLARS, went online last summer.
The bill passed Monday, authored by Sen. Scott Newman, R-Hutchinson, will appropriate $9.65 million from existing funds for driver and vehicle services for immediate IT-related expenses.
The bill will include strict oversight measures, including a quarterly report from the Office of the Legislative Auditor. There will also be a mechanism for the legislature to shut down all funding if development benchmarks are not made.
“There is no question that MNLARS must be fixed for the consumers, deputy registrars, and auto dealers across the state currently experiencing frustration every day,” said Senator Newman, chairman of the Senate Transportation Finance and Policy Committee. “Any emergency funding must come from existing reserves, and not a penny will be spent without strict oversight to protect taxpayers from more waste and inefficiency.”
The Department of Public Safety said previously that it needs $43 million to fix the problems.
Four months ago, the department's chief business technology officer, Paul Meekin, was put on leave. He was later fired.
The bill passed Monday requires the DPS and Minnesota IT Services officials to submit a proposed timeline with quarterly benchmarks for a “fully-functional” program to the MNLARS Steering Committee by May 15.
Among ancient shrines Donald Blakeslee has found, several limestone boulders in Tami and Greg Norwood's backyard stand out.
Sculptors from the Wichita Nation carved the images hundreds of years ago. There are small holes with basins just below them, and from the basins, curved miniature channels, some shaped like stairsteps moving down the sloping face of the stone.
Nobody made much of this rock art, not even previous archaeologists who'd looked at it.
But two years ago, Blakeslee, an anthropologist, stood under the shade of the Norwood's trees, and felt a little flash of recognition.
“It has to do with souls.”
So he picked up his water bottle, and poured.
The water pooled, in basins under the holes. The water filled the little basins, then trickled down the carved channels, which curved around and then came together, or spread out.
He'd discovered an interactive sacred shrine, still functional after four centuries.
“It is in their religion that everything is in three layers — the sky, this world, and the underground — and that water moves between these worlds,” he said.
The shrine was rooted deeply in religious beliefs of the Wichita Nation. Moving water was sacred. Believers also thought they could look into a pool on a moonlit night and talk with spirits and souls in reflections they saw.
Blakeslee keeps finding more images, and thinks it'll be possible to record more about the lost mythology of the Wichita.
Many stones beside springs were sacred. A few feet from the water shrine sits another boulder, with dozens of small, smooth depressions carved into stone. Women hundreds of years ago carved the little holes, filled them with water, then drank that water while saying a prayer for successful pregnancies.
Springs and water pools, especially those coming out of caves, were sacred portals, he said. And that's where the Norwood's boulders come in.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:49 Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose Pause 2:33 Photographs from 'No Safe Place,' a special report by The Sacramento Bee 3:26 United passenger attorney: Airlines have bullied us, and Dao is 'the guy to stand up for passengers' 2:08 Wichita State professor explores ancient Native American city 0:32 Distracted driving PSA: 'Famous Last Words' 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field 2:42 Retiree needs to keep working 0:49 Donald Trump's thoughts on the 'wet foot, dry foot' policy 0:31 #F35 Lightning II fighters to deploy to Europe for training 4:45 Rebirth of a Transgender Teenager Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Wichita State professor explores ancient Native American city Wichita State anthropologist Donald Blakeslee talks about the Wichita Indian settlement of Etzanoa, which was discovered near present-day Arkansas City by Spanish explorers in 1602. It is estimated the settlement was home to 20,000 Plains Indians. theying@wichitaeagle.com
The pastures of Rice County and the bluffs and ravines around Arkansas City and Etzanoa are nourished by burbling springs that likely became drinking supplies and sacred shrines.
This has fascinated Gary McAdams, who has held leadership positions with the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes, headquartered in Anadarko, Okla.
Among the ancient Wichita, he said, “Water is transformational — you go into a stream or a spring, and come out transformed. When babies are born, they baptized them with water. They would pray to the spirit in the water, or in the moon.
“And when they were about to do something important, a battle or some other big undertaking, they would go to a nearby stream and bathe, a preparatory thing they would do with prayers.
“They would do that also when someone passes away, the family would make sure to bathe, to get rid of a bad feeling — a cleansing action, to bathe, and do it with prayers.
“Things have changed now.”
Getty
Fantasy football season is long over, but DraftKings has found a way to keep things interesting in the playoffs. The Showdown mode, introduced in the postseason, is their new single-game format, and there's a $20 GPP giving away $1 million to first for the Super Bowl.
The big game needs a big name for advice. So we reached out to Fantasy MVP Todd Gurley, who was working Super Bowl week for DraftKings, to give us some picks for the final Showdown.
Nobody finished the season better than Gurley. Over the final three weeks of the regular season, Gurley racked up eight total touchdowns and over 500 total yards. Gurley also won “Most Improved” from DraftKings, after nearly doubling his yardage output from 2016.
Here's how the game works: Instead of a traditional fantasy lineup, players choose from any four offensive players and any two defensive players. The only rules is that you must stay within the salary cap, and you must have at least one player from each team.
On defense, Gurley has experience with the Eagles. He rushed for 96 yards and two scores against Philadelphia in December, and knows that they have one of the best fronts in football.
“Fletcher Cox is going to be a baller. They're going to have to double-team him,” Gurley noted. IF Cox is going to be the focus of attention, Gurley like Eagles LB Brandon Graham, who he noted as a “high-energy player.”
With big points going to big plays, however, it's possible a pick-six may be the deciding factor. And if that's the case, Gurley like Eagles DB Malcolm Jenkins.
“If the ball gets in Malcolm Jenkins hands, it's definitely going to the house. It's the Super Bowl, he doesn't have a choice, That's his mindset, he's taking that back to the house for sure.”
Jenkins is the third-most expensive defensive player ($4,800), and has averaged just over five fantasy points in the previous two contests.
“As long as he doesn't have my boy Darby blocking for him,” Gurley added, referencing this huge block in the NFC Championship.
When it comes to offense, Gurley was very confident in his value pick. Both teams feature a rotating stable of backs, but TG says this guy is set for a huge workload increase.
“Corey Clement. He's going to be the James White of the Eagles. They love to use him.” Gurley is referencing White's historic usage in Super Bowl 51, when the Patriots back caught 14 passes for 110 yards. Clement is one of the cheapest offensive options available for Sunday, checking in at just $4,300.
To finish things off, we asked Gurley about his favorite chicken wing flavor heading into Super Sunday. His custom order could raise some eyebrows.
“Alright..have you ever had mild sprinkled with lemon pepper? They don't make it at too many places. They're gonna act like they can't make it but they can.”
Dino Melaye Wants State of Emergency in Kogi, Gov. Bello Calls for Senator's Trial
The Senator representing Kogi West Senatorial District, Dino Melaye, on Tuesday told the Senate that a state of emergency should be declared in Kogi State over the spate of insecurity in state.
Melaye, while raising a point of order at the plenary, accused the Kogi State Government of being behind Monday's attack, while challenging it to disclose the true identity of the victim.
But the Kogi State Government denied the allegations, asking the police to investigate and prosecute Melaye since the preliminary report of the police had indicted him.
A student of the Kogi State Polytechnic, Felele, Saka Seidu, was on Monday shot dead during the rally organised by Melaye in Lokoja, the state capital.
At the plenary on Tuesday, the lawmaker denied that the person who was shot dead at the venue of a protest he organised on Monday was not a student but a known suspected murderer in Kogi.
Melaye said, “I rise this morning to inform the Senate of the satanic, wicked manifestation of the Governor of Kogi State (Yahaya Bello) and his cronies. I went on a regular visit to my constituency to brief my constituents about the government's efforts on my recall.
“On Monday, I left my village and arrived in Lokoja in company with the Department of State Services (operatives) and policemen. When I arrived in Lokoja, I called the Director of DSS that I had the intelligence that the governor brought in assassins to kill me and the DSS director provided a truck load of DSS men to accompany me.
“I also called the Commissioner of Police. I called the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of criminal investigation. The police commissioner provided me additional men. The DSS and policemen accompanied me to the gate of the Kogi State Polytechnic where I addressed a crowd.
“I just finished addressing the crowd and got off the rostrum and opened my car to go in. I just saw gunmen from the other side firing sporadically. I ran into the bulletproof jeep and I saw one particular killer who is notorious and known in Kogi State as a murderer; in fact, he beheaded somebody in Okene and it was for that reason that he was brought to SARS in Abuja. He spent months in Abuja and was released few weeks ago.
“This particular criminal was the one that came and faced my car and opened fire on my car. Fortunately, he was hitting a bulletproof car.”
The lawmaker, who cited Section 305 (3) (c) of the 1999 Constitution, sought the permission of the Senate to bring a motion asking for the declaration of a state of emergency in Kogi State.
The Deputy President of the Senate, Ike Ekweremadu, who presided over the plenary, charged the security agencies to take the case seriously.
In his reaction, the Director General of Media and Publicity at the Kogi State Government House, Mr. Kingsley Fanwo, stated that since the preliminary report by the police had indicted Melaye, the senator should be invited for questioning.
He said, “The Kogi State Police Command has issued a press statement accusing Senator Dino Melaye of engaging in an unlawful rally which culminated in the crisis that led to loss of life and properties in Lokoja. It is only normal and constitutional for a senator of his standing to ensure that if he is organising any public event, he should inform the police and get a permit so that the police can guarantee the security of those at the purported rally. But he didn't do this.
“The information reaching me shows that immediately he mounted the roof of his vehicle, he started raining insults on the governor, calling him obscene names. We are not even bothered about that. What is of concern to us is the life and properties that were lost as well as the state of panic in Kogi State, which was created by a senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
“We are concerned because we expected the police to have acted by now by inviting him for questioning. If he organised something and that thing resulted in death of persons, which was confirmed, then the police should invite him to question him.”
Fanwo also said an audio tape allegedly containing the conversation between Melaye and a friend indicated that some persons were framed in the case of the recent attack on the lawmaker's home.
He said while the tape had gone viral on the Internet, the police had yet to act upon it.
“He was alleged to be informing his friend that the police were in his pocket and he had framed some people. In the tape too, he said there would be no peace in Gaza, using Kogi State as the aphorism of Gaza. We think the police should dig deeper into this,” he added.
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Dino Melaye Wants State of Emergency in Kogi, Gov. Bello Calls for Senator's Trial appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ever since Lexi Thompson was assessed a four-stroke penalty during an LPGA major earlier this month, thanks to an eagle-eyed viewer with a keen knowledge of golf's rule book, a working internet connection and far too much time on their hands who noticed that Thompson had failed to properly place her ball on the green, there's been a raging debate in golf about the sport's stringent rule book and how it should be applied in modern-day golf.
In case you missed the kerfuffle, here's the Cliffs Notes version: In Saturday's third round, Thompson incorrectly placed her ball too far in front of her marker on the 17th green and putted from the wrong spot. A viewer saw this on TV and emailed the LPGA, who reviewed the replay after the round and determined Thompson had indeed committed an infraction. She was assessed a two-stroke penalty for playing from the incorrect place and then an additional two strokes for signing the wrong scorecard (as the scorecard didn't include the aforementioned two-stroke penalty which, and this is crucial, hadn't yet been applied). Thompson was informed of the penalties on the back nine on Sunday, immediately turning her two-stroke lead to a two-stroke deficit. She somehow recovered to force a playoff but ended up losing to So Yeon Ryu.
Outrage came quickly, focusing mostly on two parts of the fiasco: 1) Why are TV viewers allowed to call in penalties; and 2) Should golf assess any penalties after the completion of the round and/or during the subsequent round? Both are legitimate questions and we'll get to them in a bit. But the discussion has actually glossed over the dumbest, most egregious part of the Lexi equation: Who cares if you sign for the wrong score?
(USA TODAY Sports Images) Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
Signing your scorecard is considered one of those virtuous tenets of golf, a sport obsessed with its own sense of honor and fair play. It's also a task that's been made completely obsolete at the professional level, when every shot is tallied in real-time with distance and proximity to the green along with, at some tournaments, velocity, launch angle and whatever other stats that can be accrued from a dude holding a laser. Why is golf still relying on a playing partner's penciled-in numbers? That's not the way the score is kept during the round, so why is it gospel after it?
This isn't 1950. The PGA needn't rely on the honesty of Ben Hogan and Sam Snead to post numbers on its scoreboard. It's a relic of the past, a concession to nostalgia that can only end up hurting the golfers who put pencil to paper. There's simply no need for it today, especially when officials insist of reviewing infractions in perpetuity. Of course Lexi Thompson (and Tiger Woods before her – remember the 2013 Masters?) signed for the wrong score. They didn't know it was wrong until the penalty was assessed. As a result, the instant that two-stroke penalty is given, it's automatically doubled. It's a circle of punishment.
And those after-the-fact penalties shouldn't exist anyways. Any defense for allowing viewers to call in rules violations (and there are reasonable points to be made) is rendered irrelevant when accounting for the very simple fact that 95% of shots in a tournament aren't aired on television and the ones that are seen are almost exclusively struck by the game's most famous players or players near the top of the leaderboard. How is it fair that Phil Mickelson or Dustin Johnson can have nearly every shot scrutinized by the TV audience but Webb Simpson or Smylie Kaufman play in TV anonymity?
(Getty Images) AFP/Getty Images/This content is subject to copyright.
As for the second question: Once a round is over, it should be over. You can't go back and change the result of a baseball or football game, so why golf? “Because a golf tournament is an ongoing event that's spread over four days,” say the sticklers. In that case, Wimbledon is an ongoing event that's spread over two weeks. Should the England Club reverse a Rafael Nadal third-round win because a TV viewer noticed he was taking 26 seconds in between points instead of 25? Stop.
There are rules officials roaming the course. Trust them to call penalties as they see fit. And if the integrity in which golf takes such great pride is real, then why have a police state? Trust the players. Thompson was sloppy in marking her ball. Tiger was wrong in that infamous drop at Augusta. Dustin Johnson's penalty at the U.S. Open was ridiculous (and thankfully will be changed) but none of the three were ever accused of knowingly taking advantage of the rules. Give them their penalties in the proper time allotted or don't give them at all. It'll keep the game from bordering on Big Brother status and make meaningless scorecard penalties virtually extinct.
It could be worse. Up until 2012 a player was disqualified for signing a scorecard that lowered his or her score.
For people living in poverty, going out to dinner can be a luxury. And Christie Melby-Gibbons, a Milwaukee restaurant owner, believes that dining out should be available for low-income people as well as those who can pay for it.
“I have just always felt like everybody deserves to eat healthy, delicious, freshly made food,” she said.
She recently opened the Tricklebee Café, where people can pay what they think a meal is worth. Melby-Gibbons sees the "pay what you want" concept, used by other restaurants around the country, as a way to help feed low-income people in the city.
The menu at Tricklebee changes daily, but the food is locally sourced, typically vegetarian and consists of a soup, salad, sandwich and baked goods. The suggested price range is $5 to $7.
Tricklebee is one of about 50 pay-what-you-can cafes across the country dedicated to feeding low-income people, according to the organization One World Everybody Eats. Melby-Gibbons said that her customers are often surprised.
“When they come in, they're dumbfounded, and when they leave, they're delighted. Like 'Whoa, what is this? You pay what you can?'” she said.
At lunchtime on a cold winter day recently, the cafe was packed. A church pulpit serves as the checkout counter with a red donations jar bolted to the top.
Melby-Gibbons is a minister and believes this cafe can survive in an area full of fast food restaurants and boarded up storefronts. She said that on average, two people a day have a meal without paying, and around 95 percent of her customers pay the suggested price or more.
Luke Hansen said he and his family plan to give a bit extra.
“You come to a place like this, and it really restores your faith in humanity. Just because someone doesn't have a lot of money doesn't mean they're a lesser person,” he said.
Another patron, Cookie Taylor, said she would pay at least the suggested price. She said it could benefit those who can't.
“I think there are people here who would eat better if they could afford to eat better,” Taylor said.
For most pay-what-you-can cafes across the country, fundraising is necessary. Melby-Gibbons said that in addition to the money made from the sale of food and beverages, she needs to raise about $28,000 to keep the nonprofit cafe afloat this year.
A car has overturned in a crash in downtown San Diego Wednesday evening, confirmed police.
It happened at about 8:20 p.m. on 1st Street and Ash Street.
One person appears to have suffered minor injuries, according to San Diego police. The crash is blocking off some streets in the area.
No further information was immediately available.
TORONTO — Even the greatest team in NHL history as selected by fans had doubt cast their way before eventually proving themselves.
The Wayne Gretzky-led 1984-85 Edmonton Oilers were chosen as the greatest NHL team of all-time through a fan vote during the 2017 Stanley Cup playoffs.
The Oilers downed the Philadelphia Flyers in the Stanley Cup final that season to win their second-straight championship. Along with Gretzky, the team's roster was stacked with Hall of Famers including Mark Messier, Jari Kurri, Paul Coffey and goaltender Grant Fuhr.
Gretzky produced 208 points and took home numerous awards, including his sixth straight Hart Trophy as league MVP. Coffey earned the Norris as top defencemen while Kurri won the Lady Byng for sportsmanship. Eight players in all were named an all-star, but critics still wondered at the time if the Oilers could win with their style of play.
“It was fun, it was nice, but there were a couple bumps in the road where people questioned whether we were good enough defensively to become successful,” Gretzky said Sunday at Air Canada Centre prior to puck drop between the Oilers and Toronto Maple Leafs.
“Grant would have had so many different numbers had he played for a defensive-minded team,” Gretzky added. “He was the one guy in some ways who didn't get the respect of the numbers other guys got because we were so offensive minded. He didn't care if we won 8-7 as long as we won.”
Gretzky says that the success of the '84-85 Oilers was years in the making, beginning back in the '82 playoffs when Edmonton was upset in the first round by the L.A. Kings — a team 48 points behind the Oilers in the standings.
The following season, Edmonton made the Cup final only to be swept by the New York Islanders, who won their fourth and final Stanley Cup during their dynasty run.
After continuously falling short, the Oilers finally reached their milestone in 1984, beating the Islanders for their first Cup. However, they still had to prove it wasn't a fluke.
Much of the doubt surrounding those early '80s Oilers teams was because of the style they played. But also because of how young they were. Edmonton's core was all under 25 years old.
“There was definitely a maturing factor that went on with our group the second time we got to the finals,” said Gretzky. “We understood we would have to win a (low-scoring) game.”
Gretzky and Co. were taught by the Islanders that to be successful, Edmonton needed to play as a team.
“We took that loss (against New York) and what they had done to us and we learned from that,” said Gretzky.
“(We were) a special group with a lot of talent, but more importantly a very unselfish team that wanted to become Stanley Cup champions.”
Gretzky says that the Montreal Canadiens teams of the '60s and '70s shouldn't be overlooked when reflecting back on some of the best teams in 100 years of NHL hockey, but is humbled by the fans' vote.
“The great thing about hockey is we're always going to debate the best players, the best goalie, best team, best coach. It's always positive, there's no right or wrong… We're fortunate enough that enough people voted for us,” said Gretzky.
“By no means in '84-85 did we set out to be the best team ever. We're very proud of it, great honour and tremendous thrill.”
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
Why you may need a chief digital officer
If software is the pivot between the digital and the physical, the CDO is the pivot between IT and business, says Mike Saxton.
As digital technologies evolve and change the business landscape, the chief digital officer (CDO) is playing a central role in the future success of many enterprises.
A CDO must have a multifaceted approach to business, keeping one eye on emerging technologies and the other on how these innovations can help them create a digital business as quickly as possible.
Organisations across the finance, education and government sectors - the likes of ANZ, Macquarie Bank, the University of Newcastle, Auckland University and City of Brisbane - have been quick to hire CDOs to support their transformation projects.
Why? Because truly digital companies base their new business models on IT - and specifically on software - to connect the digital and physical worlds. Therefore, if software is the pivot between the digital and the physical, the CDO is the pivot between IT and business.
Based on software, digital companies can create enhanced or totally new business models which offer completely new digital customer experiences. We have seen this with the new born digital enterprises; digital natives that are typically free of any physical assets such as fleets of vehicles, factories, machinery or goods.
It is because of this software-based business model, they can move so fast, often resulting in exponential growth.
When digital challengers attack a market segment, they drive a wedge between the existing companies and their customers and provide a completely new way of customer interaction based on digital technology. Uber does it with taxi services, Airbnb with accommodation rentals, and Alibaba with millions of manufacturing and retail businesses.
The threat of being reduced to a device or physical asset provider for the pure digital players is there for every traditional company in any industry and is why technology-led market disruption is the number one paranoia haunting today's management teams worldwide.
Put simply, what successful companies are doing here is making the inefficient efficient. These companies are reallocating resources, at a macro and enterprise level, to where they can make the biggest bang. And innovation is open to everyone.
It is not a natural law that the new 'digital-only' challengers can hijack the customer relationships of traditional companies. The asset-rich can also fight back with the same technology weapons. Suitably armed, they can fearlessly face today's challenges.
To survive, traditional businesses need to develop their in-house IT infrastructure and software development capabilities. They have to turn the clock back to before they outsource their competitive advantages and take a new path.
It starts at the top - innovation through software is the only game in town at the moment - and the CDO has to focus on bolstering enterprise innovation capabilities through agile in-house data analysis, software development and software architecture 'know-how' in his enterprise.
1 2 Next Page
The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) group has advised Biafran separatists both at home and in diaspora to be prepared for a referendum to decide whether to be an independent sovereign country apart from Nigeria.
The group stated that ethnic Igbos have a right under international law to decide their fate through a referendum, the same way Britain exercised its right to leave the European Union without the permission of the European Parliament or European Council.
A statement by media and publicity secretary secretary Mr. Emma Powerful noted that Scotland had also exercised its right to self-determination and so had the French-speacking Quebec region in Canada.
Powerful said that the United Nations will have the mandate to monitor the referendum process and ensure compliance with the will of the people so expressed.
“The IPOB leadership wants to use this opportunity to let Biafrans and the entire world know that we want to go and we are calling on civilized nations of the world and the rest of humanity. We invite the international community, men and women of goodwill to come and monitor this peaceful referendum in Biafraland… We Biafrans in pursuit of our inalienable, irreducible and God-given right to restore our stolen sovereignty do, hereby state, that we do not require the permission of the Nigerian state or her government officials to grant us our natural freedoms,” the separatist spokesman declared.
12/11/17 – 4:27 A.M.
Bowling Green State University President Mary Ellen Mazey is stepping down. Her last day is December 31st. The Board of Trustees voted Friday to grant Mazey the title of president emeritus due to her contributions to the university. Board members say they expect to start searching for her successor this spring.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
No es mi hijo con un centro como este!!! @harvey.neville
A post shared by Philip Neville (@philipneville18) on Sep 29, 2017 at 11:25am PDT
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Zimbabwe international midfielder Kudakwashe Mahachi has sealed a big move to South African Premiership football giants Orlando Pirates. Mahachi completed the move, which has been in the pipeline for some time with his parent club Mamelodi Sundowns and the Buccaneers, since last September.
Yesterday, Golden Arrows coach Clinton Larsen confirmed the deal when he told the South African media that the Warriors winger was leaving the club.
However, the coach also did not have good news for fellow Zimbabwean striker Thomas Chideu, who is also leaving the Durban side having been released from his contract.
“Thomas Chideu has been released and Kuda Mahachi is leaving to Orlando Pirates, like we all know.
“We had a very good working relationship. He really performed well for the club and we are going to miss him, but life goes on . . . this is the nature of football.
“We'll continue to fight without him,” said Larson.
This will be the second time Mahachi will be on the move in the Absa Premiership after he joined Golden Arrows three seasons ago from Mamelodi Sundowns.
Mahachi joined Mamelodi Sundowns in 2014, from Chicken Inn in, but his career failed to take off as expected.
He had a frustrating spell at the Pretoria club which saw him being loaned to Golden Arrows.
Mahachi briefly returned to his parent club at the end of the season before he was permanently acquired by the Durban side.
The former Bantu Rovers midfielder got a new lease of life at Abafana Bes'thende, where he enjoyed his game both at club and national level.
Mahachi opens another interesting chapter in his career after joining the Soweto giants who offer a bigger platform for the talented player, who turns 25 in September, to showcase his talent.
He also arrives at the club after another Zimbabwean international striker Tendai Ndoro acquitted himself well at the Soweto club before he moved to Saudi Arabia.
Ndoro's spell in Asia was very brief and he found himself back in South Africa in the same season and joined Ajax Cape Town.
Although Mahachi's career is on the up, the same cannot be said about former Highlanders forward Chideu, who finds himself club-hunting again after joining the Arrows last October as a free agent.
The 21-year-old joined the Urban Warriors in 2015, but failed to get game time before he was eventually off-loaded. The Herald
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
The police department on Tuesday confirmed that a toddler and a 26-year-old man riding in a car were shot and killed in Chicago in the second deadly incident involving a child in the city in the past two days. Chicago police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said the toddler was sitting in a car driven by the child's aunt and was shot in the head. The child was pronounced dead at a
Chilling footage emerged Sunday showing the moment an Islamic terrorist stormed an Istanbul nightclub packed with New Year's revelers and fatally shot 39 people.
Video from outside the club shows the AK-47-toting gunman firing his weapon as he rushes the club, Reina.
And closed-circuit footage from inside the venue shows the killer wandering around after the bloodbath, Turkey's latest amid its battles against ISIS and Kurdish militants.
The killer also wounded at least 70 people. He is believed to be a member of the East Turkestan branch of ISIS, Turkish security forces said.
Turkish police continued their massive manhunt into Monday morning.
While there was no immediate claim of responsibility, the attack bore the hallmarks of the ISIS-sponsored or -inspired attacks on a Paris concert venue and an Orlando, Fla., nightclub.
The attacker — who shouted “Allahu akbar!” (God is great!) as he opened fire — killed a young cop and a civilian outside the club at about 1 a.m. before going inside and spraying bullets at a crowd of roughly 600 people.
The wounded included three victims who remained in critical condition Sunday.
About two-thirds of those killed were foreign nationals, according to the Turkish government, including French, Lebanese, Saudi, Jordanian, Kuwaiti, Indian, Israeli and Canadian citizens.
Among the wounded was a Delaware man, William Jacob Raak, who was shot in the leg. He likely escaped more serious injury when a bullet pierced the cellphone in his pocket, his brother told WNBC in Philadelphia.
A Lebanese man, Charbel Wardini, said his 26-year-old brother, Elias, was among the dead.
“I lost my brother because of terrorism,” he said. “If you tell me terrorism, I will go fight against them.”
The Israeli victim was identified as 19-year-old Leanne Nasser, who was visiting Istanbul with friends.
“Shots were fired from all directions and I saw dead and wounded people falling near me,” one of her friends, Alaa Abd al-Hai, told the Israeli newspaper Haaretz.
“I hid in some corner and didn't know what to do,” al-Hai added. “Everyone was screaming and crying and the shooting didn't stop. It sounded like an eternity.”
Nasser's father, Zaher, told Israel' s Walla news outlet that he had urged her not to travel to Turkey, citing the recent spate of terrorist attacks.
Turkish Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu refuted initial reports that the killer wore a Santa Claus outfit, saying the attacker arrived wearing a jacket and pants, then leaving after changing his clothes.
The surveillance footage from outside the club shows the assailant dressed in black and carrying a backpack as he enters the venue and kills the cop, Burak Yildiz, 22, and civilian Ayhan Arik, 47.
The CCTV footage from inside the club, posted to Twitter by Turkish journalist Ürün Dirier, shows the gunman dressed in white, carrying a sack that appears to be a pillow case, and wearing a knit hat with a pompom on top — possibly explaining initial reports of the Christmas costume.
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the “armed terrorist” left behind his assault weapon and took advantage of the ensuing chaos to make a clean getaway.
The Turkish Hurriyet newspaper quoted Reina's owner, Mehmet Kocarslan, as saying he increased security because of US intelligence reports.
But US Embassy officials insisted there was no “specific” alert, adding that on Dec. 22, they issued a general “holiday-season threat warning” for Turkey and various parts of Europe, “as we do whenever there are indications that American citizens might be targeted or subjected to violence.”
The White House condemned the “horrific terrorist attack” and offered assistance to Turkey.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan offered condolences to the families of the 25 men and 14 women killed, and vowed to punish those responsible.
A Lebanese woman who gave her name as Hadeel, who was in the club with her husband and a friend at the time, said they thought some men were fighting with each other at first.
“Then we heard the sound of the gunfire and ducked under the tables. We heard the guy screaming, ‘Allahu akbar!' . . . We heard his footsteps crushing the broken glass,” Hadeel told Reuters.
“We got out through the kitchen. There was blood everywhere, and bodies.”
Some people jumped into the waters of the Bosphorus Strait to escape the carnage, Turkey's NTV reported.
Mehmet Dag, 22, said he saw the gunman shoot Officer Yildiz and Arik, a realty agent, before targeting guards and entering the club.
“Once he went in, we don't know what happened,” Dag said. “There were gun sounds and, after two minutes, the sound of an explosion.”
Turkey, a partner in the US-led coalition against ISIS, is facing renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast, in Syria and in Iraq.
Major attacks carried out by ISIS or Kurdish fighters killed more than 180 people in Istanbul and Ankara alone in 2016.
On Dec. 10, a double bomb attack outside an Istanbul soccer stadium killed 45 people and wounded about 150 others. The attack was claimed by the Turkey-based militant group the Kurdistan Freedom Falcons.
Nine days later, an off-duty Turkish cop assassinated Russian Ambassador Andrei Karlov at an art-exhibit opening in Ankara.
With Wire Services
Seven years after “Bid 'em Up” Bruce Wasserstein sold the American Lawyer Media group for $630 million, the late billionaire's namesake firm is buying it back at a steep discount...
Gala Harriers athletic club celebrated a year of continued success and growth at its recent award ceremony and presentation night.
More than 70 members – junior and senior – packed the clubhouse at Ladhope in Galashiels in an evening where their achievements were awarded with an array of medals and trophies.
The club, dubbed ‘the green machine' by members on social media, has had a phenomenal year, with a number of athletes of all ages representing them at Borders, district and national level.
The Harriers ladies Masters team also won the Club Sport Ettrick and Lauderdale Team of the Year, and recently was awarded its third consecutive gold medal at the Scottish Masters Cross Country Championships.
While some of the club's competing members have notched up a number of achievements this year, it was also stressed that the Harriers welcomes athletes of all ages and abilities, and the barrier of the club being viewed as only for “elite” runners was being broken down.
The club's newly-elected president Graeme Murdoch said: “This is a family club for all ages and stages and I am delighted to see so many members here, particularly the large number of juniors.
“This is a great opportunity to look back and celebrate the success and achievements of all our club members.”
The prizes were presented to the recipients by men's captain Billy McCulloch and ladies' captain Fiona Dalgleish.
A large number of medals and trophies was awarded to youngsters competing in the Club's Junior Championships. The young athletes took part in the pentathlon event, held at Tweedbank Sports Centre in August, to gain points towards the championship in U11, U13 and U15 age groups.
Young runners from the club who represented Scotland East at District level were also awarded medals on the night.
The award for Most Improved Junior went to Faisal Khursheed.
Recounting his achievements, Graeme said: “Faisal has had an excellent 12 months which have really seen him step up a level in terms of his training and performance in races.
“He is rapidly becoming established as one of the top runners in the U17 age group and, in the past 12 months, has twice finished runner-up in league XC races.
“He also won an excellent silver medal at the East District Cross Country Championships in Aberdeen and finished a fantastic fourth place while running for the East of Scotland at the Inter District Cross Country event in January.”
Most Improved Senior athlete was Lindsay Dunn, who has had an exceptional 12 months since joining Gala Harriers.
Speaking of her achievements, Graeme said: “Always committed in training, Lindsay works hard and everybody has seen the progress she has made.
“She embraces all types of races and distances and has tackled races from the Great Winter Run 5km (first in her age group), up to the Glen Ogle Ultra, with coastal runs, cross country races, and marathons in between.
“She is always looking to better herself and this award is the committee and coaches recognition of this.
“She even raced at her first national XC championships recnelty and showed not only how she has vastly improved but also that national races are there for everybody to compete in.”
The JSD Nisbet Trophy for Endeavour went to Club Together Officer and former club president Gerry Moss. Awarding the trophy, Graeme said: “Gerry is a real community person and is very approachable.
“He has worked very hard to break down barriers for the club so that it is no longer perceived as being a club for elite runners.
“He has done a power of work both behind the scenes for the committee and in coaching. He has also succeeded in attracting new people to come along to the club. This is a well-deserved award going to Gerry.”
Three of the club's highly successful Ladies Masters athletes, Fiona Dalgleish, Jenny Forbes and Anya Campbell, were also awarded medals after representing Scotland in the British and Irish Masters Cross Country International in Dublin.
A number of senior athletes picked up awards for races held by the club annually, ranging from a track 800m to the Hollybush 10km.
Graeme also paid tribute to the club's dedicated team of coaches. He said: “They put a huge amount of work in behind the scenes to plan and support the many sessions offered by the club and we are extremely grateful to them for all of their hard work.”
Jan Brown was presented with flowers after working tirelessly throughout the day with her family to provide the presentation night buffet.
Fiona Dalgleish received a bouquet in recognition of her hard work in submitting entries for the club for various events over the past four years.
Rounding up the presentations, Graeme thank everyone on behalf of the committee for making Gala Harriers what it was. He prasied the coaches, the backstage team which worked so hard behind the scenes, and the parents who ferried their children to training week in, week out, and gave the club their support.
“There is no doubt that the club is growing but, in order for it to continue growing, we need more people to support us,” said Graeme.
The evening's celebrations finished with three of the club's athletes turning their talents to music.
Rory Campbell (guitar/vocals), Anya Campbell (flute) and Sara Christie (vocals) performed a varied repertoire of songs from Guns ‘N' Roses to Blondie, and Robbie Williams to Frozen.
Former ICC prosecutor in row over lucrative consultancy work
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbnb's edge on room prices depends on tax advantages
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Stevenson High named top open-enrollment school in the country
hello
Lincolnshire's Stevenson High School has been named the top open-enrollment public high school in America for the second year in a row by the website niche.com, which ranks schools and communities on various criteria.
Overall, Stevenson was ranked third among U.S. public high schools, behind two Chicago selective-enrollment schools: Walter Payton College Prep and Northside College Prep.
[March 19, 2018] New Global Survey Points to Key Issues, Needs and Gaps in Fight to End Smoking
The Foundation for a Smoke-Free World released findings today from a global survey to better understand smokers, their experiences, and challenges they face when they try to quit smoking. The survey also highlights their awareness regarding the harm caused by smoking and how their perceptions of cigarettes, alternative products, and nicotine influence their motivation to move away from smoking. The data will shape the development of research to determine the best solutions to accelerate the end of smoking across diverse cultures and economic conditions. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319005647/en/ Figure 1: Which of the following situations, if any, apply to you? (% - Top Three Answers per Country) (Graphic: Business Wire) The 2018 State of Smoking Survey included 17,421 current smokers, ex-smokers, and non-smokers from 13 countries: Brazil, France, Greece, India, Israel, Japan, Lebanon, Malawi, New Zealand, Russia, South Africa, United Kingdom, United States. In parallel, a series of qualitative focus groups were carried out in seven countries (France, Greece, India, New Zealand, South Africa, United Kingdom, United States) to give additional context to the quantitative results. The survey was conducted by Kantar Public, an integrated consulting and research agency, which was engaged by the Foundation. The primary findings are: 1. Smoking isn't an isolated habit. Smokers consider it deeply integrated with their basic pleasures of life, such as eating, drinking, and socializing. Currently implemented cessation methods fail to take these into account, resulting in continued smoking. 2. Smokers know that smoking is harmful to their health, and many consider themselves in porer health than non-smokers, yet they do not actively engage with their healthcare providers or discuss effective cessation or reduced-harm solutions with them. The healthcare system needs to better engage with smokers, and medical providers need more effective tools to help smokers quit. 3. There is confusion among smokers about the relative harms of smoking and less harmful alternatives. While people "smoke for the nicotine, but die from the tar," there is still considerable misperception about the risks of nicotine. This impacts their motivation to quit or try reduced risk alternative products. "I hope this survey will jolt many of the world's one billion smokers into action to stop smoking, spark a meaningful discussion on the deeply complex reasons so many people continue to smoke, and make clear the urgent need to develop more effective communications and interventions to help smokers quit or substantially reduce their risks," said Dr. Derek Yach, President of the Foundation for a Smoke-Free World. "By better understanding key drivers behind why people start smoking, barriers to quitting, and motivations to stop, we can help reduce the negative health consequences for many who are trapped in the cycle of addiction to combustible tobacco products."
Specific findings from the global survey include: Smoking is closely associated with daily rituals and routines like waking up, meal time, coffee/tea breaks, and socializing. In some countries (such as Brazil, Greece, and Lebanon), cigarettes are often smoked with coffee or tea, and in many others, cigarettes are commonly smoked after meals. (See figure 1)
In most countries, there was a significant desire to quit smoking. (See figure 2)
Most smokers polled recognize that smoking is harmful to their health and self-report as being less healthy than non-smokers, yet they visit their healthcare providers less frequently than non-smokers. (See figures 3 and 4)
The main driver that motivates smokers to quit or consider quitting is mainly their concern about their personal health. (See figure 5)
Although a large majority of smokers surveyed tried quitting without assistance, those that sought assistance often switched to nicotine-replacement therapy and prescription medicines first. In some countries (i.e., France, Greece, Japan, Lebanon, New Zealand, Russia, UK, US), smokers reported using e-cigarettes and other nicotine replacement devices to cut down or quit smoking cigarettes. (See figure 6) Further findings from this study are available at: https://www.smokefreeworld.org/sites/default/files/uploads/derek-yach-press-conference-presentation.pdf. High resolution images of the graphics are available at: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/0bw9ckaac0h7cu9/AAB1ihaAu9Ilr_aFdaxZq60ia?dl=0. "The data demonstrates that by better understanding the unique experiences and struggles of the individual smoker, we can better support each individual's quit journey," said Dr. Yach. "In this age of personalized medicine, it is only logical that we should stop treating the world's smokers as one homogeneous group and start developing and embracing a wide range of solutions that allow individual smokers to select the method that works best for his or her situation and, more importantly, reduce the harm, disease, and death that is caused by smoking." About the Foundation for a Smoke-Free World The Foundation is an independent, private foundation formed and operated free from the control or influence of any third party. Philip Morris International, S.A. has provided the initial funding to the Foundation. The Foundation makes grants and supports medical, agricultural and scientific research to end smoking and its health effects, and to address the impact of reduced world-wide demand for tobacco. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319005647/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
MGM Resorts released surveillance video of Stephen Paddock before he carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history on the Las Vegas Strip.
MGM Resorts released surveillance video of Stephen Paddock before he carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history on the Las Vegas Strip.
Stephen Paddock was captured on surveillance video at the Mandalay Bay. Source: MGM)
Stephen Paddock was captured on surveillance video at the Mandalay Bay. Source: MGM)
Stephen Paddock was captured on surveillance video at the Mandalay Bay. Source: MGM)
Stephen Paddock was captured on surveillance video at the Mandalay Bay. Source: MGM)
It's been six months since the 1 October shooting and investigators, the media, and the community are still looking for answers.
It's been six months since the 1 October shooting and investigators, the media, and the community are still looking for answers.
Lawyers argued MGM Resorts should've been able to notice suspicious behavior by Stephen Paddock.
Lawyers argued MGM Resorts should've been able to notice suspicious behavior by Stephen Paddock.
Lawyers argued MGM Resorts should've been able to notice suspicious behavior by Stephen Paddock.
Lawyers argued MGM Resorts should've been able to notice suspicious behavior by Stephen Paddock.
The first police officer to burst through the door of a Las Vegas hotel suite where a gunman unleashed a hail of bullets on a concert last year didn't activate his body camera.
The first police officer to burst through the door of a Las Vegas hotel suite where a gunman unleashed a hail of bullets on a concert last year didn't activate his body camera.
An exterior view of the Mandalay Bay hotel (FOX5).
An exterior view of the Mandalay Bay hotel (FOX5).
Stephen Paddock unleashed his rampage through two broken windows at the Mandalay Bay hotel (FOX5).
The Latest on records released by Las Vegas police regarding the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history (all times local):
1 p.m.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of video on Wednesday came after courts ordered the department to make public police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting.
It's the fourth batch of records to be released under the court order.
The material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism as officers responded to the massacre.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from a high-rise hotel into an outdoor concert crowd on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material being released. The FBI has declined to comment.
Both agencies say they don't have a motive for the attack and the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism.
10:20 a.m.
Police in Las Vegas are scheduled to release more records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of the materials has been promised for noon Wednesday.
[RELATED: Documents released: Police interviewed Jesus Campos for 15 minutes after 1 October]
Courts ordered the release of public records including police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip.
[RELATED: Las Vegas police release over 2K pages of new 1 October reports]
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material.
The FBI has also declined to comment.
[RELATED: Las Vegas Metro police release 1 October body camera footage]
Both say they don't have a motive for the attack, and that the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone in shooting from a high-rise hotel room into an outdoor concert crowd below, and that the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
APRIL 26
Alton High School Presents ‘My Fair Lady'
Thursday, 7 p.m.
Alton High School Auditorium, 4200 Humbert Road.
$10; $5 for students
Classic musical play dealing with class distinctions in Great Britain at the turn of the century. For more information, call 618-474-2700.
Dance Recital at The Hett
Thursday, 7:30 p.m.
Hettenhausen Center for the Arts, 400 N. Alton St., Lebanon
Free
McKendree University dance students present examples of their work. For more information, call 618-537-6863.
APRIL 26-28
Thurs., 5-8 p.m.; Fri. 9 a.m.-5 p.m.; Sat., 9 a.m.-noon
Collinsville Memorial Library Center, 408 W. Main St.
$5 admission on Thurs.; Fri. & Sat. free
Fill a bag with books for $5 on Friday and $3 on Saturday. For more information, call 618-344-1112.
Concealed Carry Training in Troy
Thurs. & Fri., 6-10 p.m.; Sat., 8 a.m.-5 p.m.
Bethel Baptist Church, 7775 Collinsville Road, Troy
$99
Completing this course will certify you and provide the opportunity to apply for the Illinois concealed-carry license. For more information, email jimwiens@bbctroy.org.
APRIL 27
2018 Arbor Day Festival
Friday, 4-8 p.m.
Glazebrook Park, 1401 Stamper Lane, Godfrey
Free
The day begins with a fishing derby for youth at 4 p.m. and continues with face painting, crafts, and youth activities. Free redbud tree seedlings will be given to the first 300 visitors. For more information, 618-466-3324.
‘Lady Bird' Shown at The Wildey Theatre
Friday, 7 p.m.
252 N. Main St., Edwardsville
$9
The relationship comedy stars Saoirse Ronan as Christine McPherson, a rebellious student at a conservative Catholic Sacramento high school who wants to escape her family and small town constraints to go to college in New York. For more information, call 618-307-1750.
APRIL 27-29
WWII Weekend at Jefferson Barracks
Fri., 1-3 p.m.; Sat. 10 a.m.-3 p.m.; Sun. 10 a.m.-noon
Jefferson Barracks Historic Site, 345 North Road, St. Louis
Free
Living history camps will offer a look into military life in the armies of the U.S., British, Canadian, Soviet and German armies. For more information, call 314-615-8800.
Indian Market Days
Fri., noon-5 p.m.; Sat. & Sun., 9 a.m.-5 p.m.
Cahokia Mounds World Heritage Site, 30 Ramey Drive, Collinsville
Free
Native American artists will display their work. Artists include Norris Chee and Keith Yazzie Jay who are Navahos, and Billy Lacy who is from the Oklahoma Cherokee tribe. For more information, call 618-346-5160.
Rogue Theatre Presents ‘Stop Kiss'
Fri.-Sun., 7:30 p.m.
3rd Floor, 1320 Milton Road, Alton
$20 adults; $15 students with ID
A poignant and funny play about the ways, both sudden and slow, that lives can change irrevocably. For reservations, visit theroguetheatreco.ticketspice.com/stop-kiss.
APRIL 28
Plant Sale in Elsah
Saturday, 9 a.m.-4 p.m.
Three Rivers Community Farm, 22935 Chautauqua Road
Free admission
Many unique varieties of vegetable starts, bedding plants, native perennials, herbs and cut flowers. All pots and six packs are $3. At the same time, tour the fields, visit the chickens and talk with the farmers. There will also be produce and eggs for sale. For more information, call 618-946-7974.
Home Brew & Music Walk
Saturday, 4:30-9 p.m.
Downtown Belleville
Free
Musical performances will begin at 6 p.m. Sponsored by Belleville Main Street. For more information, call 618-233-2015.
Ballin' with a Cop
Saturday, 10 a.m.-noon
YWCA of Alton, 304 E. 3rd St.
Free
Teams are invited to come play scrimmage basketball with members of the Alton Police Department. For more information, call 618-465-7774.
Kite Fly for Kids
Saturday, 9 a.m.-noon
Joe Glik Park, 710 E. Lake Drive, Edwardsville
Free
Family kite flying as well as a demonstration by the Gateway Kite Club. Goodie bags for the first 50 participants. For more information, call 618-692-7538.
Spring Beer Fest in Edwardsville
Saturday, noon-9 p.m.
City Park, 101 S. Buchanan St.
Free admission
Global Brew hosts the festival which features live music and craft beers, some from new breweries. For more information, call 618-632-1818.
WWII Canteen Dance
Saturday, 7 p.m.
Jefferson Barracks Historic Site, 345 North Road, St. Louis, Mo.
$25
Dance to Big Band music from the World War II era with Michael Lacy and his New Orleans Swing Band. Meal catered by Kenricks for $15. For more information, call 314-615-8800.
Tri-M Community Concert
Saturday, 2-4 p.m.
Collinsville High School, 2201 S. Morrison
Free
The concert will be held outdoors, or if the weather is poor, inside the auditorium. The goal is to encourage children to participate in musical groups, and there will be instructors available to allow youths to try out instruments. For more information, call 618-346-6320.
APRIL 29
Gateway Ringers in Concert
Sunday, 4-6 p.m.
Faith Lutheran Church, 520 E. US Highway 50, O'Fallon
Free-will offering
Traveling group will perform music with bells. For more information, call 618-632-5562.
MAY 1
Control and Management of Japanese Hops
Tuesday, 5:30-8 p.m.
National Great Rivers Research and Education Ctr., 1 Confluence Way, Alton
Free
Join NGRREC's Field Biologist Megan Cosgriff as she discusses how the invasive species, Japanese hops, poses a major threat to floodplain forest ecosystems. For more information, call 618-468-2900.
MAY 2
Route 66 10K Cruise – Star Wars Day Run
Wednesday, 6:30-8:30 p.m.
112 S. Kansas St., Edwardsville
Runners dress up to demonstrate their Star Wars geekiness and then run the 6.2-mile course. Shorter routes are available. For more information, email info@route6610k.com.
–Metro East Calendar of Events April 25 – May 2–
A LIMERICK man who caused hundreds of euro worth of damage to two cars belonging to his ex-girlfriend's parents may avoid a criminal conviction if he pays compensation.
Jamie Kelly, aged 27, of Lilac Court, Keyes Park, Southill has pleaded guilty to two counts of criminal damage relating to an incident in the early hours of April 20, 2017.
Inspector Ollie Kennedy said the defendant phoned his former girlfriend at around 3.30am to inform her he was on the way to her parents house in the Raheen.
He said when he arrived a short time later, he “proceeded to damage the two cars” causing around €645 worth of damage.
Insp Kennedy said the defendant “did not provide resistance” when challenged by the owners of the cars and was arrested a short time later.
Barrister David McHugh said since he and his former partner broke up things have been “very bitter” between them.
He said Mr Kelly has a young son with the woman and that he had not seen the boy for several months prior to the incident.
He said there had been a phone call between the pair earlier in the night and that “things got heated”.
The defendant, he added, had no excuse for his behaviour on the night and wished to apologise.
Judge Marian O'Leary was told the defendant had consumed “vast amounts of beer and spirits” and that it was “anyone's idea why he had decided to take out his frustration on the cars”.
Mr McHugh said what happened was “out of character” for his client who is anxious to pay compensation.
Given his client's limited financial means, he sought a three month adjournment to allow him pay the money.
Judge O'Leary granted the application and she also requested that a garda progress report be prepared in relation to Mr Kelly ahead of the next court date in October.
SEOUL: South Korean prosecutors on Monday charged ousted president Park Geun-hye and Lotte Group chairman Shin Dong-bin with bribery in the latest twist to a corruption scandal that rocked the country for months.
Prosecutors charged Shin without detaining him.
The probe by prosecutors has already convulsed the biggest conglomerate, Samsung Group, with its chief Jay Y. Lee under arrest for bribing Park and her friend, Choi Soon-sil. All three are being held at detention centers.
Prosecutors accused Park of colluding with Choi to receive 7 billion won ($6.16 million) from Lotte for favors, they said in a statement. Park was also charged with abuse of power and coercion by pressuring big businesses to contribute funds to non-profit foundations, the prosecutors said.
Lotte has denied allegations that it made improper deals with Park, or those linked to her, for favors. Park, Lee, Choi and Samsung Group have also denied wrongdoing.
SEOUL: South Korean prosecutors on Monday charged ousted president Park Geun-hye and Lotte Group chairman Shin Dong-bin with bribery in the latest twist to a corruption scandal that rocked the country for months.
Prosecutors charged Shin without detaining him.
The probe by prosecutors has already convulsed the biggest conglomerate, Samsung Group, with its chief Jay Y. Lee under arrest for bribing Park and her friend, Choi Soon-sil. All three are being held at detention centers.
Prosecutors accused Park of colluding with Choi to receive 7 billion won ($6.16 million) from Lotte for favors, they said in a statement. Park was also charged with abuse of power and coercion by pressuring big businesses to contribute funds to non-profit foundations, the prosecutors said.
Lotte has denied allegations that it made improper deals with Park, or those linked to her, for favors. Park, Lee, Choi and Samsung Group have also denied wrongdoing.
Note the bifurcation: weakest plunged 80% from peak, strongest “only” 30%.
This is my now classic twice-a-year progress report on the decline of mall REITs. The series began in May 2016, shortly before the peak of mall REITs in July 2016. Their shares started getting hit in August that year, and the pain hasn't abated since.
All along the way, the industry and its Wall Street analysts soothed our rattled nerves with assurances that the brick-and-mortar meltdown didn't actually exist, that there were more new stores being opened than closed, that the selloff at each stage was overdone and that these were buying opportunities.
They keep pointing out that online retail is only around 10% of total retail. But they're hiding the fact that mall retailers are the ones under attack, not gasoline stations, auto dealers, bars, restaurants, grocery stores, and other categories that are considered “online resistant.” And these mall retailers have surrendered a large part of their sales to the Internet – see: Brick & Mortar Meltdown Hits These Stores the Most.
And then there are rumors that leave room for hope. Today's rumor of hope is that Amazon is considering buying some of the locations of Toys ‘R' Us, which is being liquidated. Similarly, in 2015, Amazon considered buying some of the locations of RadioShack as it was heading into bankruptcy for the first time. And nothing came of it.
With already too many malls in America to begin with, the brick-and-mortar meltdown is now putting further pressure on them, and investors have taken a huge licking. So here are some of the mall REITs and how they have performed recently, in no particular order, except for the top two:
CBL Properties (CBL): Shares closed at $4.36 today, down 55% from a year ago, down 68% from end of August 2016, and down 83% from May 2013. As part of its earnings fiasco report last November, CBL announced it would slash its quarterly dividend by nearly 25% to $0.20 a share. At today's share price, the dividend yield is a juicy 18%. But expect further dividend cuts.
Moody's pointed out last July that 22% of CBL's square footage was exposed to “distressed retailers,” the highest among of the mall REITs. The other mall REIT up there in this rarefied air of max exposure to “distressed retailers” is Washington Prime Group.
Washington Prime Group (WPG). At $6.26, shares are down 13% year-to-date, 25% from a year ago, 55% from August 2016, and 71% from the peak of $21.49 in May 2014, just after its spin-off from Simon Property Group – a mall REIT (more in a moment) that apparently knew what it was getting rid of. With a quarterly dividend of $0.25 a share, for a dividend yield of 16%, a dividend cut is lining up.
Pennsylvania REIT (PEI): At $9.48, shares are down 36% from a year ago and 63% from end of July 2016. At the current stock price, its quarterly dividend of $0.21 generates a yield of 8.9%.
Tanger Factory Outlets (SKT): At $21.49, shares are down 34% from a year ago and 48% from the end of July 2016. Quarterly dividend: $0.34 a share for a yield of 6.4%.
Kimco Realty (KIM): At $14.25, shares are down 37% from a year ago and 56% since the end of July 2016. Quarterly dividend: $.50, for a yield of 7.8%.
Macerich (MAC): At $57.85, shares are down 10% from a year ago and 35% since the end of July 2016. Quarterly dividend: $0.74 for a dividend yield of 5.1%.
Simon Property Group (SPG), which had spun off the misbegotten Washington Prime Group mentioned above: Shares, at $155.43, are down 7.5% from a year ago and 32% since the end of July 2016. Its quarterly dividend of $1.95 generates a yield of 5.0%.
Taubman Centers (TCO): At $56.91, shares are down 13% from a year ago and 29% from the end of July 2016. Quarterly dividend: $0.66 for a yield of 4.6%.
GGP (formerly General Growth Properties): At $21.52, shares are down 7.2% from a year ago and 33% since the end of July 2016. Quarterly dividend: $0.22 for a yield of 4.1%.
Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT): Shares, at $116.49, are down 13% from a year ago and 31% since the end of July 2016. Quarterly dividend: $1 for a yield of 3.4%.
Regency Centers Corp (REG): At 56.32, shares are down 14% from a year ago and 32% since the end of July 2016. Dividend: $0.56 for a yield of 3.9%.
Seritage Growth Properties Class A (SRG): Shares, at $34.97, are down 20% from a year ago and 38% from their peak in April 2016. With a quarterly dividend of $0.25, the dividend yield is 2.9%.
The REIT was spun off from Sears Holdings in July 2015 via a rights offering. Shares started trading at $36.02 on July 6. The offering raised $1.6 billion, which was used to fund in part the $2.72-billion purchase of 235 of the most valuable properties and 31 joint-venture interests from Sears Holdings. Seritage initially leased back most of the stores to Sears Holdings. But many stores have since been closed, and Seritage is trying to lease those spaces to other tenants at higher rates. Sears Holdings CEO and largest investor Eddy Lampert is also chairman and major shareholder of Seritage. The transaction didn't pass the smell test.
In theory, Seritage would make a killing since it had acquired many of the best properties in a sweetheart deal. But the decline in value of retail properties since then might have x-ed out that theory.
This lineup of REITs shows the bifurcation: Some REITs, whose malls are more exposed to “distressed retailers,” have gotten totally crushed, with shares down over 70% or 80% from their peaks, and have been or will be forced to cut their dividends to preserve capital. The REITs with the strongest malls have only gotten crumpled, instead of totally crushed, with shares down “only” around 30%.
The big-fat dividend yields are very tempting, but a drop in the share price on a bad day can easily wipe out the value of the dividend of several years. In addition, if the dividend yield is too high, the company will slash the dividend, and the market slashes the shares. This isn't going to happen tomorrow, knock on wood, but the brick-and-mortar meltdown will continue for years, and mall owners will have to figure out how to deal with it.
Why is Sears' CEO still touting “progress” and “improvement” even in SEC filings? Why not tell investors the truth, for once? Read… Sears is Dead Meat Walking, after Horrid Holiday Quarter
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
Watch live:
Want to watch Fox 4's newscast? Click here.
PALMETTO BAY, Fla. — One construction worker remains dangling in the air off the side of a building in Palmetto Bay, Fla., after a scaffolding collapse, WSVN reports.
Palmetto Bay is just south of Miami.
Rescue workers already rescued one construction worker.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue told WSVN both construction workers were secured by the ropes in their harnesses when the collapse happened.
Watch the video above to see the second rescue live.
The Latin American pope, who has often strongly defended indigenous rights since his election in 2013, commented Wednesday, Feb. 15, on protection of native lands to representative of tribes attending the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome.
While he did not name the pipeline, he used strong and clear language applicable to the conflict, saying development had to be reconciled with "the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories."
Francis spoke two days after a U.S. federal judge denied a request by tribes to halt construction of the final link of the project that sparked months of protests by activists aimed at stopping the 1,172-mile line.
Speaking in Spanish, Francis said the need to protect native territories was "especially clear when planning economic activities which may interfere with indigenous cultures and their ancestral relationship to the earth."
The Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River Sioux tribes have argued the project would prevent them from practicing religious ceremonies at a lake they say is surrounded by sacred ground.
"In this regard, the right to prior and informed consent (of native peoples) should always prevail," the pope said, citing the 1997 U.N. Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
Thousands of tribe members, environmentalists and others set up camps last year on U.S. Army Corps of Engineers land in the North Dakota plains as protests intensified.
In December, the administration of former President Barack Obama denied the last permit needed by Energy Transfer Partners, which is building the $3.8 billion pipeline.
But last week, the Army Corps granted a final easement, after President Donald Trump issued an order to advance the project days after he took office in January.
The pope made an indirect criticism last week of another Trump project, a wall along the border with Mexico, saying society should not create "walls but bridges" and ask others to pay for them.
Francis, who wrote a major encyclical letter in 2015 on climate change and the environment, told the group that new technologies could be legitimate but had to respect the earth.
"Do not allow those which destroy the earth, which destroy the environment and the ecological balance, and which end up destroying the wisdom of peoples," he said.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
UK police probing 6 assault claims against Kevin Spacey
hello
FILE - In this file photo dated Tuesday, June 21, 2016, actor Kevin Spacey waves as he arrives to attend the Giorgio Armani men's Spring-Summer 2016-2017 fashion show in Milan, Italy. British police have disclosed Wednesday July 4, 2018, that they are now investigating six claims of alleged sexual assault or assault, by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
LONDON -- British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify him by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Spacey was artistic director of London's Old Vic theater for 11 years until 2015.
Yokogawa Collaboration Produces IIoT Architecture
Yokogawa Electric Corporation will work with Microsoft Corporation, FogHorn Systems, Inc., Bayshore Networks, Inc. and Telit IoT Platforms, LLC to integrate their technology into an industrial IoT architecture for the delivery of new services.
Yokogawa Electric Corporation will work with Microsoft Corporation, FogHorn Systems, Inc., Bayshore Networks, Inc. and Telit IoT Platforms, LLC to integrate their technology into an industrial IoT (IIoT) architecture for the delivery of new services. Through the architecture, business process applications can be configured that will enable plug-and-play sensors, sensing clouds with automatic provisioning, database clouds, historian (data storage) clouds and application development environments to work together. Yokogawa's Architecture Development Division California, which was set up in November 2016, will lead the undertaking. Yokogawa's IIoT architecture will integrate the cloud-based Microsoft Azure IoT Suite, FogHorn's fog…
Updated at 2:30 p.m. ET
Almost 48 hours after violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday followed criticism that his initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said from the White House.
Trump began his remarks talking about his economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning his attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia. After the Charlottesville City Council had voted earlier this year to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from one of its parks, white nationalists groups — including white supremacists, the alt-right, the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis — descended on the city for a "Unite the Right" rally.
On Friday night, they marched on the normally sleepy college town, home to the University of Virginia, carrying torches. On Saturday conditions turned deadly as hundreds of the white nationalists, some carrying Confederate flags and shields and others in militia-like gear, clashed with counterprotesters in the city streets.
At one point a silver Dodge Challenger, allegedly driven by 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio, rammed into a street filled with counterprotesters. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed, and at least 19 others were injured. Fields was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
President Trump expressed sympathy to Heyer's family, as well as to the families of Virginia State Troopers Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Berke M.M. Bates, who died when their helicopter that was patrolling Saturday's event crashed.
"These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation," Trump said. "In times such as these, America has always shown its true character, responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice."
Trump spoke after meeting with newly installed FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the White House. He said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
Sessions told ABC News on Monday morning that the car crash that had killed Heyer "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism."
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," he said.
The president's condemnations may be too little too late for those who criticized Trump's initial remarks — and Trump may have missed a critical moment to be the nation's healer-in-chief. On Saturday, Trump claimed that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides." Top Republicans, among others, quickly criticized him for not calling out by name the white supremacists, alt-right, KKK and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests.
"Mr. President – we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism," Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., who heads up the GOP Senate campaign committee, tweeted on Saturday.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence had gone further than the president in his own comments, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Trump has been blamed for being slow to criticize white supremacist groups in the past — even as he regularly attacks other targets on Twitter. During the 2016 campaign, Trump came under fire for not immediately disavowing the endorsement of David Duke, a former KKK grand wizard.
Duke, who attended the march in Virginia, said on Saturday that participants' aim was "to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump. That's what we believed in. That's why we voted for Donald Trump, because he said he's going to take our country back."
Duke later responded to one of the president's tweets condemning the violence by saying, "I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists."
National Draughts Association Hamper Tournament Set for December 17th
President of the National Draughts Association Mr. Jiaram has disclosed that the Annual Hamper Tournament is set for December 17th. This
tournament, which started four years ago, was the personal initiative of the Association's President which is now formalised by the Association.
The game would be played in the compound of the National Gymnasium.
Registration starts at 10.00am, while the tournament begins at 10.30am sharp. Registration fee is $500 per player.
This year the tournament would be contested on the sixty four square boards, and players are asked to take note of the change in format since previously the 100 square format was used. The game would be played on a six round Swiss System.
Five hampers would be up for grabs which would go to the top five finishers.
Draught players countrywide are invited to participate.
Twitter is accused of not giving the Devil his due.
Not Lucifer himself, but a social activist group called the Satanic Temple, which claims that the social media giant violated its own rules when it suspended the group's Twitter account and that of its co-founder Lucien Greaves. It has filed a formal complaint against Twitter with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination.
"Given the importance of social media platforms, and the outsized power that so few social media giants like Twitter hold over users' community and business presences, these platforms should reasonably be expected to responsibly and evenly uphold their terms of service in a non-biased fashion free of discrimination and inexplicable arbitrary pettiness," Greaves said in a statement. "To ignore Twitter's blatant discrimination against the Satanic Temple is to yield ourselves to regressive new world of acceptable online violations against civil liberties."
The Satanic Temple describes itself as a "nontheistic religious organization dedicated to satanic practice and the promotion of satanic rights" and is based in Salem, Massachusetts, the site of the famous witch trials.
It claims that Twitter lowered the boom after Greaves urged his followersto report a Massachusetts resident using the the handle @LaurieGatta1, who allegedly urged people to "burn down" the group's Salem headquarters.
The Satanic Temple said Greaves' tweet "took wing" when actor Corey Feldman retweeted it.
For that, the group claims, Twitter suspended its accounts.
Lucien Greaves next to a nine-foot statue of the goat-headed idol Baphomet at the headquarters of the Satanic Temple in Salem, Massachusetts. Elise Amendola
"While Twitter lifted the suspensions of both the TST and Lucien Greaves accounts after their actions were exposed in mass media, they still have not verified the accounts of either while failing to justify their refusal," the group said in a statement. "The complaint charges Twitter with discrimination in public accommodation on the basis of religion and unlawful retaliation."
NBC News has reached out to Twitter for the company's side of the story. So far Twitter has not responded.
Meanwhile, the @LaurieGatta1 account has been suspended, a search of Twitter determined.
The Massachusetts commission confirmed that the Satanic Temple filed a complaint against Twitter on March 12.
"Once we complete our investigation we will be able to release the complaint and our findings," the agency's spokesman, H Harrison, told NBC News.
The Satanic Temple is less about Devil worship and more of an advocate for strict separation of church and state. It opposes tax exemptions for religious organizations.
In years past, the group has gone to bat for women seeking abortion in Missouri, led the charge against Florida Gov. Rick Scott's push for voluntary prayers in public schools, and inserted itself into the battle over the Ten Commandments monument at the Oklahoma Capitol by insisting that the temple be allowed to place a statue of the goat-headed deity Baphomet near the Christian statue.
NEW YORK — A New York City bartender's on-screen antics and big bets while competing on “Jeopardy!” are winning him cash to go along with a cult following.
By the end of Thursday's show, Austin Rogers had won eight days in a row and more than $300,000. “Jeopardy!” says that total put him at fifth on the show's list of all-time regular season money winners. Rogers has done it while sporting wild hair and a bushy beard and making animated gestures after correct answers.
Austin's win gives him an 8-day total of $306,900. He is now #5 on the regular season all-time money winners list! https://t.co/2H4xpCgezv pic.twitter.com/37aedZ6u21 — Jeopardy! (@Jeopardy) October 6, 2017
He's also making big wagers. Rogers won a whopping $34,000 bet on the show's “Final Jeopardy” segment Tuesday.
Fans are singing his praises on Twitter by using the hashtag #AustinOnJeopardy.
It takes confidence to become a Jeopardy! champion. Looks like Austin has all the chutzpah he needs. How long do you think his run will go? pic.twitter.com/a8Po0RPX9K — Jeopardy! (@Jeopardy) October 3, 2017
Rogers tells “Good Morning America” that the secret to his success is uncovering patterns in clues by watching hundreds of “Jeopardy!” episodes.
It took Real Star Upendra quite long to enter politics. We guess the star had a few things to be sorted before he entered politics. Nonetheless, Upendra has now declared that he will form his own party.
The actor, who has spoken about the need for praja-kaarana, praja-keeya and praja-neeti, has announced that he will form a group of people who can truly work for the nation and not just follow him.
The actor has dreams big enough to change the face of democracy, as we see it today. His entry to politics might have received some rebuttal from both political and film arenas, but the actor has a firm believer in another colleague from the same industry.
Yes, we are talking about Rocking Star Yash. Despite Upendra receiving mixed reactions from both his fans and peers in the industry, Yash has lauded the star's move and pledged his support.
Yash, while addressing the media, announced his support to Upendra and insisted that the actor should have taken this step a little early. He also heaped praises for Upendra's plans of giving back the power to people through transparent ruling.
Scroll down to read more of what Yash said about Upendra..
If you are in the mood for fresh fish, Miami and the surrounding area is the best place to look for fresh seafood. Lots of markets claim to sell fresh seafood, but, before you buy that fish, make sure the eyes are clear, not cloudy. Clear eyes on a fish at the market means that the fish is fresh. Cloudy eyes signals that the fish is not as fresh as it should be. Check out the fish markets and restaurants listed below for finding the freshest seafood in the Miami/Dade and Broward county areas.
Garcia's Seafood Grille & Fish Market
398 N.W. North River Drive
Miami, FL 33128
(305) 375-0765
www.garciasmiami.com
Garcia's is a family friendly restaurant located on the Miami River. Although fresh fish is sold here, the restaurant part of the business is so popular that there are often long wait times to purchase fish from the fish market. The owners of Garcia's can promise fresh seafood from the boat to the plate because they own their own fleet of ships. Guests are served complimentary seafood dip and crackers to enjoy while waiting to be served. The selection of fresh seafood is somewhat limited, but the preparation and taste make this a superb place to get fresh seafood.
Blue Moon Fish Company
4405 W. Tradewinds Ave.
Lauderdale-by-the-Sea, FL 33308
(954) 267-9888
www.bluemoonfishco.com
Blue Moon Fish Company is located right on the water's edge, creating a relaxing atmosphere in which to enjoy your food. Zagat and OpenTable both named Blue Moon Fish Company as the “Best Waterfront Dining in Fort Lauderdale”. Specialty foods served here include pecan-crusted grouper, macadamia nut crusted Chilean Sea Bass, shrimp braised in bacon, and more. Although the prices are considered a ‘bit pricey', reviews of the restaurant state that the food is well worth the cost.
Casablanca Seafood Fish Market
404 N.W. North River Drive
Miami, FL 33138
(305) 371-4107
www.casablancaseafood.com
Casablanca's biggest draw is that the fish served here is ‘straight off the boat'. This venue owns its own commercial fishing boats. The boats return with fresh fish each morning for Casablanca and other markets and restaurants in the area. Enjoy your favorite seafood dish in air-conditioned comfort or out on the patio. Casablanca's is located right on the Miami River, which makes it convenient for clientele to reach the market from a boat and dock right at the store.
Related: Best Places For Fresh Seafood
Fresh Florida Fisheries Fish Market & Kitchen
2238 S.W. 57th Ave.
Miami, FL 33155
(305) 379-1104
This market sells over 25 different types of fresh fish. Not only will the employees sell you the fish, they will also fillet the fish, remove the skin, butterfly cut the fish, cut it into steaks, and more. Clients can even request that the fish be cooked while they wait. While there is no extra charge for employees to process your fish according to your directions, there is a small fee to have your purchase cooked on-site. While you are there, try the fresh smoked salmon dip, fish breading, or fish broth, all handmade at Fresh Florida Fisheries.
Captain Jim's Seafood
12950 West Dixie Highway
Miami, FL 33161
(305) 892-2812
www.captainjimsmiami.com
Captain Jim's Seafood began as a fresh fish market but has now expanded to include a restaurant as well. This not-so-fancy restaurant and fish market serves great, fresh, seafood at prices that are extremely affordable. This venue opens at noon, 7 days a week. Not only is the food great, but the ambiance of the restaurant and the friendliness of the staff make this a relaxing place for a fresh seafood dinner.
Related: Top Fish Tacos In South Florida in 2015
By Katherine Bostick
At The NAFA 2018
Most recently, Dulquer Salmaan was in New York and Toronto for the NAFA (North American Film Awards 2018). The actor had won the award for the Best Actor (Popular) for his performances in the films Solo and Parava.
The Groupfie
Earlier, a star-studded groupfie was doing the rounds on social media. In the selfie, which was posted through the Facebook page of Trisha, you can see Dulquer Salmaan, Trisha, Parvathy, Manju Warrier, Tovino Thomas, Vijay Yesudas and Manya.
Dulquer Salmaan, Kalidas Jayaram & Others
Now, a short video clip taken from NAFA 2018 has been doing the rounds on the internet. This particular video features Dulquer Salmaan, along with Kalidas Jayaram and others grooving to the tunes of a super hit Bollywood song, while they came together on stage. Any guesses on the song?
Lungi Dance
Well, Dulquer Salmaan is seen grooving to the tunes of the song Lungi Dance, from the blockbuster Bollywood movie Chennai Express. Dulquer Salmaan, Kalidas Jayaram, Neeraj Madhav, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Gopi Sunder etc., came together on stage and each one of them are seen dancing to the song. Vijay Yesudas who sung the song joined them as well.
Google's turned another one of its Experiments into a standalone app: augmented reality doodling tool Just a Line hit the Play Store today. Based on Jonas Jongejan's ARCore Drawing experiment, the app lets you make AR drawings in 3D space around you, and frankly, it's pretty stinkin' neat.
There's really not a whole lot to the app: drawing with your finger on your phone's screen, you're able to scrawl white lines in the air that realistically stay in place as you move around them—it's sort of like the Pixel's AR stickers with just a dash of Tilt Brush. You can also record videos of your creations for later sharing.
If you're feeling like making some AR artworks of your very own, you can grab Just a Line over at APK Mirror right now.
Suzlon Group has won turbine orders totalling 500MW for two unnamed wind farms in the Gujarat region of India.
The 300MW and 200MW projects will feature a total of 238 S111 2.1MW machines and will be located in the Kutch district.
Related Stories India debuts for Suzlon newbie
13 Mar 2018
Suzlon sees red
12 Feb 2018 Suzlon will carry out the work on a turnkey basis for the unnamed clients and will also provide operation and maintenance once the wind farms come online.
Suzlon Group chief executive JP Chalasani said: “There is an increased interest from all customer segments to invest in renewable energy in their pursuit of contributing towards mitigating risks of climate change and providing affordable and renewable power for all.
“We are committed to partner with our customers to scale it up further and enable India's transition from conventional fuel dominated energy architecture to renewable energy sources.”
Image: Suzlon
Seahawks defensive end Quinton Jefferson was ejected in the final seconds of Seattle's loss to the Jaguars on Sunday. As Jefferson made his way towards the tunnel, a Jaguars fan threw beer at him, causing Jefferson to make an attempt to enter the stands.
Jefferson was pulled down before the situation got out of hand, and the ugly scene carried over into a confrontational postgame media exchange. While Jefferson was getting asked about the incident, Bennett jumped in to tell reporters to stop asking Jefferson questions. The exchange was captured below. (Mobile users can see the video here.)
Bennett said:
“He doesn't want to talk to you anymore. Move away from him. He doesn't want to talk to you anymore. He's emotional right now. You win. You guys win. This what you guys want to see? You want to see him act in a certain way? Move out the way. He's done. The man was disrespected. People threw food on him. He's not an animal, he's a human being. So get out of here. He's a human being. How would you like it if one of your kids was playing sports and someone threw beer on him? Exactly. So don't come here with that (expletive) then. He's here. What else do you want to ask him? He had beer thrown on him.”
Bennett was penalized moments before Jefferson's ejection for going low on Jaguars center Brandon Linder with Jacksonville in the victory formation. He didn't offer an explanation for the hit after the game.
French newspapers are sharing their thoughts on US President Donald Trump's threatening stance towards both North Korea and Venezuela over the weekend, as well as his controversial reaction to violence at a far-right rally in Virginia on Saturday. Back in France, questions are being raised about the massive deployment of military across the country.
There is a fair amount of doom and gloom in the French papers this morning, as they react to the tense stand-off between North Korea and Washington over the weekend, as well as the US President's threat of military intervention in Venezuela.
Le Monde says Trump's sabre-rattling has the unfortunate effect of distracting public opinion from Kim Jung-un's paranoid regime.
Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile tests are to blame for the escalation, Le Monde says.
That is why the UN unanimously adopted sanctions on North Korea.
But instead of capitalising on his success at the UN, Trump chose to improvise a shocking response to Kim Jung-un's regime, ignoring how catastrophic a conflict would be in a region which is both economically important and densely populated.
“Mr Trump, probably because he does not spend enough time thinking or listening to his experts, seems to be the prisoner of simple ideas,” the editorial reads.
Playing “good cop, bad cop” with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is not always a bad idea, according to Le Monde, as long as it's done intelligently, whereas throwing militaristic slogans around as he did on the campaign trail, only undermines Trump's credibility.
Deter or attack?
Le Figaro, on the other hand, thinks that we should give Trump some slack, as it reminds its readers that the real danger is not in Washington but in Pyongyang.
“We've known this for a long time,” its editorial reads.
“Trump's words are raining like bullets,” it says. But “his aim is more to deter than to attack”.
In a rather optimistic interpretation of the president's own words, Le Figaro says Trump's strategy is to show his strength in order to avoid having to use it, to put off the regimes of both Kim Jung-un and Nicolas Maduro in Venezuela.
We have misunderstood the US president, according to Le Figaro. We thought that he was isolationist when he is actually a protectionist, always ready to intervene wherever he thinks his country is threatened.
And that is precisely what he is doing now.
Trump's stance on far-right violence questioned
Libération is also preoccupied with the attitude of the US president, including his ambiguous reaction to the deadly violence at a white supremacist rally in Virginia on Saturday.
"If Trump persists in his ambiguity, it will give a free reign to all the people who dream of fighting minorities and restoring white rule," the paper says.
Libération makes a direct connection between the far-right violence and Trump himself, saying that the far right is now marching with its head held high, inspired by all the outrageous comments made by Trump and his entourage.
Does France still need Opération Sentinelle?
La Croix has a report which raises questions about Opération Sentinelle, France's large-scale military deployment in response to terrorist attacks.
According to La Croix, it is coming under a lot of criticism within the military.
As last Wednesday's attack in Levallois-Perret shows, soldiers have become prime targets for attacks.
But that is just one of many arguments being made for the reduction of the number of troops patrolling in the streets.
Experts quoted by Libération point out that the operation is absorbing too many troops, reducing their availability for training, as well as other missions.
They say France should return to the Plan Vigipirate, which was in place prior to the January 2015 Charlie Hebdo attacks, and keep the military as a strategic intervention force.
French President Emmanuel Macron has commissioned a report which could lead to a reshaping of the operation in the fall.
MONTCLAIR, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Mountainside Medical Group announced today the addition of three new physicians, Pulmonologist Juhayna Davis, M.D., Endocrinologist Anjali Grover, M.D., and OB/GYN specialist Vanessa Parisi, D.O., expanding the group to 18 physicians.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005099/en/
Mountainside Medical Group Adds Pulmonologist Juhayna Davis, M.D. (Photo: Business Wire)
Dr. Juhayna Davis is located at 799 Bloomfield Avenue, Suite 301, in Verona. Her practice focuses on evaluating and treating patients with a variety of lung and respiratory symptoms including asthma, cancer, cough, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD, chronic bronchitis and emphysema), interstitial lung diseases, sarcoidosis, shortness of breath and more.
Dr. Anjali Grover is located at 123 Highland Avenue, Suite 301, in Glen Ridge. Her approach to care empowers patients and eases access to improved health and quality of life. Her practice specializes in the treatment of diabetes, metabolic disorders, and other hormonal disorders and deficiencies.
Dr. Vanessa Parisi is located at 181 Franklin Ave, Suite 303, in Nutley. Dr. Parisi works with each patient to ensure a high-level of open communication between patient and doctor. Her team is dedicated to supporting their obstetrical patients' birth plans, understanding each is special, unique and personalized.
“As we grow our medical group, it's important that we add physicians from different disciplines to treat the ‘whole patient' and provide total care in our communities,” John Fromhold, Chief Executive Officer. “We know that people who establish a personal relationship with their primary doctors experience better health and quality of life.”
To request an appointment with a Mountainside Medical Group physician, please click here.
About Hackensack Meridian Health Mountainside Medical Group
The Mountainside Medical Group is a network of primary care physicians specializing in internal medicine, family medicine, breast care, OB/GYN, pulmonology and endocrinology created by Mountainside Medical Center, now part of Hackensack Meridian Health. We believe people who establish a personal relationship with their doctors experience better health and quality of life. Start well and stay well with Mountainside Medical Group. Offices are located in Montclair, Bloomfield, Caldwell, Glen Ridge, Nutley, Union, Verona, West Caldwell, and Woodland Park. For more information, visit: www.mountainsidedocs.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005099/en/
CONTACT: Mountainside Medical Group
Chiara Marababol, 973-259-3415
Chiara.Marababol@mountainsidehosp.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW JERSEY
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: WOMEN HEALTH INFECTIOUS DISEASES OTHER HEALTH BABY/MATERNITY DIABETES CONSUMER MANAGED CARE
SOURCE: Hackensack Meridian Health Mountainside Medical Group
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005099/en
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
B-52's singer faces off against Monster Energy is in its own “Private Idaho.” Fred Schneider, lead singer of The B-52's, and a small Florida coffee company find themselves between a rock lobster and a hard...
This iconic nightclub is selling Sting's T-shirts In the late '70s, “New York was dangerous, dead and dirty,” recalls Fred Schneider, frontman of new-wave band the B-52s. But places like the Mudd Club, where Schneider was a...
Wegmans Food Markets expanded its Zero Waste program to five store locations following a successful one-store pilot in Canandaigua, New York. The phased rollout involves taking measurable steps to improve recycling rates and minimize store-level waste, according to the company.
The regional grocery store chain headquartered in Rochester, New York, launched the pilot program in 2016. Wegmans is working with cloud-based waste and recycling solutions provider Rubicon Global to eliminate all forms of waste at its stores. The chain has committed to reducing food loss and waste by 50% by 2030.
Currently the pilot store in Canandaigua has a recycling rate of 82.6%. The five newest stores added to the program — three in New York state, one in Massachusetts, and one in Pennsylvania — are averaging around 73%, the company says.
Wegmans participates in the EPA's Food Recovery Challenge for organizations and businesses. The EPA encourages participants to follow its Food Recovery Hierarchy to prioritize actions around preventing and diverting food waste. Accordingly, Wegmans says they use less-than-perfect produce and slightly blemished food in their culinary operations to minimize waste at the source.
Local food pantries and food banks pick up unsaleable perishable food items from Wegmans stores throughout the week, according to the company. In 2017, the grocery chain donated 14.5 million pounds of perishable and non-perishable food.
Food scraps also get diverted from landfills by getting offered up as animal feed. Currently 21 store locations work with local farmers and organizations such as zoos and animal rescues to provide them with animal feed, the company says.
In addition, food scraps from the stores get sent for anaerobic digestion to be turned into energy, or sent to be composted. Last year 70 Wegmans stores diverted 32.5 million pounds of food waste from landfills through the company's programs.
Through partnerships with Rubicon, local food banks and pantries, and local haulers, Wegmans says it tracks all the food coming out of the stores, whether it becomes waste, gets donated, or is becomes livestock feed, compost, or goes to anaerobic digestion. Wegmans has more than 90 stores in six states and plans to add more stores to the Zero Waste program in the future.
Getting It Done: Mentioned in this Article…
Wegmans Food Markets
Rubicon Global
The 3rd Annual Environmental Leader & Energy Manager Conference takes place May 15 – 17, 2018 in Denver. Learn more here.
Devoleena Bhattacharjee, who rose to fame with her role Gopi Bahu from Saath Nibhana Saathiya, had recently made an announcement regarding her first album.
The actress wrote, "When devotion took shelter in music, the world got a new reason to croon his glory. I joyously present to you a rendition celebrating his glory. #janmasthamispecial #Sarthakfilmsentertainment #Onboardfilms #Musicisdevotion😊🙏🏻😇."
Today (August 14), on the occasion Krishna Janmastami, the actress released the album that is dedicated to her Kanhaji (Lord Krishna). It has to be recalled that the actress was a devotee of Lord Krishna, on the show as well!
Sharing the video and the YouTube link of the song, Devoleena wrote, "On this auspicious day of janmasthmi i am releasing my first album dedicated to my kanhaji."
She further wrote, "Need all your love and support as always for my new journey . First association of Sarthak films entertainment with @onboardfilms many more to come. #janmasthamispecial #Sarthakfilmsentertainment #krishan #kanha #DevoleenaBhattacharjee #devotion #spiritual #loveindonesia."
Devoleena's industry friends and her fans have been congratulating her and praising the song.
The actress has already impressed the fans with her acting skills; will she build a fan base as a singer?
Did you like the song? Hit the comment box to share your views...
Solo Under-19 Hockey Leagues… Bingo Spartans top women's division
It was a battle of giants when the Bingo Spartans met Saints in their first-round clash on Saturday afternoon at Saints ground and with both teams entering the game boasting winning records, its outcome would determine the winner of the first round and the favourite to take the trophy at the end of the second.
The Spartans looked as though they would dominate the match from their third minute goal by prolific striker Abosaide Cadogan, but it was Saints who would come ever so close on two occasions in the first half. Goal line saves by Madison Fernandes and Makeda Harding however managed to keep Saints scoreless and give the Spartans a 1-nil lead at halftime.
The Spartans continued to enjoy the majority of possession in midfield in the second half and were a more productive side in their forward line than they were in the first half. Midfielder Sarah Klautky scored for Spartans with a powerful shot in the first minute of resumption to nudge the Spartans lead to 2-0. While Saints managed a breakaway goal eleven minutes later through Kizia Chinian, the game seemed to be resting in the hands of the Spartans who seemed increasingly dangerous with every attack. Klautky scored a second for the Spartans in the 33rd minute and teammate Kirsten Gomes added a double of her own in the closing minutes to give the Bingo Spartans a comfortable 5-1 victory.
St Joseph's and the GCC
Her-ricanes were the other girls match of the afternoon and would be a war of attrition with both teams seeking their first points of the competition. With the game being played mostly at mid-pitch, both sides struggled to put together any meaningful attacks leading to a scoreless first half. While the second half saw a bit more excitement at the goal ends, it would not be until six minutes from full time that St Joseph earned a penalty corner that would be converted through the powerful Janelle Frederick. Frederick's strike was the lone goal of the match giving St Joseph a 1-0 victory.
The Bingo Spartans emerge at the top of the pool at the end of the first round with 9 points followed by Saints with 6, St Joseph 3 and the GCC Her-ricanes scoreless.
Matches continue every weekend at Saints ground until May 20th.
New GWI headquarters within three years – Managing Director
…Sherriff St. site identified
Faced with criticisms over a monthly multi-million rental bill, Guyana Water Inc. (GWI) plans to complete construction of a new secretariat on Sheriff Street over the next three years.
Managing Director, Dr. Richard Van West-Charles told Kaieteur News that the design for the building is nearing completion, but construction will be delayed as the company seeks to acquire technical tools that will benefit expansion.
“We have the space allocated. As soon as we are finished the design we will proceed. We have some other things that we have to do. The company has no crane. We have been renting cranes, a rig and other basic tools that a water utility should have. We need to prioritize those issues, but we have staff and the staff has got to be housed,” Van West-Charles stated.
The area indentified by GWI was last month the centre of a major operation when the company dismantled a fence which was found to be encroaching on the company's reserve near the Lamaha Canal in Georgetown.
Documents reviewed by Kaieteur News had indicated that the water utility company was spending $2.5M monthly, inclusive of electricity, by utilizing private properties as offices. The company was spending nearly $400,000 to rent a two-storey house in the upscale neighbourhood of Section ‘K' Campbellville to house staff from the Infrastructure Planning and Implementation Department.
Also housed at the location are employees in the Water Supply and Sanitation Infrastructure Improvement Program (WSSIP) which is part of the Inter-Development Bank-funded program for Guyana. For that section of the property, GWI pays electricity of $97,037.
Based on the most recent information received by Kaieteur News, the water utility company paid as much as $600,000 monthly to rent a Da Silva Street, Newtown, Georgetown premises.
GWI also paid approximately $198,138 monthly for electricity along with rent for the latter property, which houses the internal audit and water quality department employees.
Also in Georgetown, GWI is renting a Lamaha Gardens residence to house the Managing Director's Secretariat, media and communications department, human resources department and the strategic planning evaluation and monitoring unit.
Electricity cost is pegged at $85,702.
GWI's Manager, customer services and customer relations staff are housed at Station Street, Kitty, which the company rents from an individual for $60,000 per month.
Outside of Georgetown, GWI dishes out a combined $460,000 monthly for rental. The company rents one building each in New Amsterdam, Berbice; Springlands, Corentyne, Berbice; Anna Regina, Essequibo; Onverwagt, West Coast Berbice; Bartica, Region 7 (Cuyuni-Mazaruni); and Lethem, Region Nine (Upper Takutu/ Upper Essequibo).
Naira Ragged!
Kartik will be invited to the college to give a guest lecture as a trustee. He is hesitant, but Manish and Suvarna convince him to do it. Meanwhile, in the college, Naira is ragged by seniors, and they ask her to propose Mr Goenka.
Kartik & Naira Finally Come Face To Face!
She will be shocked to hear the name, but goes to the staff room. As she walks into the staff room, Kartik walks out as it was getting late for his lecture. She goes back to the class, but Kartik refuses to let her in as she was late. Naira will be shocked to hear Kartik's voice.
KaIra To Separate Ways Again
In the upcoming episode, Kartik and Naira finally come face to face. Their past memories flash in front of them. Both of them get emotional. Yet again, they decide to separate ways!
Naira Doesn't Want To Go Back To The College
Kartik heads back to Udaipur, while Naira returns home upset. She will be seen angry at herself. She doesn't want to go back to the college and shreds her ID card into pieces.
Naitik Confused
Seeing her in this state, Naitik gets confused! Naira will not even tell her father about having come face to face with Kartik, as she doesn't want her father to get worried.
Kartik Misses Flight
Meanwhile, Kartik is distraught. He is at the airport and in tears after seeing Naira. He sleeps off at the airport and misses his flight. After he wakes up, he tries to book tickets but gets to know that there are no flights available.
Kriti's Plan
Apparently, this will be Kriti's plan. She would have asked the official at the ticket counter to lie to Kartik. She, along with Manish, are trying to reunite Kartik and Naira.
Mishti To Return
On the other hand, the makers are also planning to bring Mishti back on the show. According to a report, the makers are looking for an actor, who can pull off Mishti's character.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba (AP) - Dustin Byfuglien scored about a minute after the puck dropped and the Winnipeg Jets built a three-goal lead early in the first period and went on to beat the Vegas Golden Knights 4-2 on Saturday night in Game 1 of the Western Conference finals.
Patrik Laine and Joel Armia had goals 46 seconds apart to put the Jets up 3-0. Mark Scheifele gave Winnipeg a 4-1 lead midway through the second period with his 12th goal this postseason.
Brayden McNabb scored midway through the first and William Karlsson late in the second period to pull Vegas within two, but the expansion team couldn't get closer.
Winnipeg's Connor Hellebuyck made 18 saves. Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 22 shots for the Golden Knights.
The Jets will host Game 2 on Monday night before the series shifts to Las Vegas.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
An Austin police officer talks with a woman at a barrier near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night, and police warned nearby residents to remain indoors overnight as investigators looked for possible links to other package bombings elsewhere in the city this month. Eric Gay AP Photo
Fifa will decide in June who will host the 2026 football tournament, with a US-led bid the favourite to win. But resentment against Donald Trump is helping Morocco gain support, says Murad Ahmed
Learn new activities from MetroParks experts
Folks of all ages can enjoy trying new activities, with some help from MetroParks experts.
By Kristen Wicker
What started as a summer vacation pastime—fishing at Indian Lake with her dad—has turned into a passion for Paula Smith. Now, she's president of the Miami Valley Fly Fishers club and often can be found catch-and-release fishing on local rivers.
“Fishing is about the most relaxing thing you can do. There's nothing like being out on the water and out in nature. You can hear the birds and see the animals,” Smith says, adding that she's spotted mink on the Mad River and observed a bald eagle flying above the Great Miami. “Fly fishing is exciting and just so much fun, and when you're with friends, it's a memory builder. It's something that brings you together.”
This summer, you can try fly fishing—and learn about a host of other outdoor recreation activities—with your Five Rivers MetroParks experts. Programs that help you enjoy the outdoors and have a healthy, active lifestyle are offered throughout the year. These programs also allow you to learn new skills while exploring your 18 clean, safe MetroParks and the more than 16,000 acres MetroParks protects in the Dayton region. Many programs are free, and Access to Nature Scholarships are available to qualifying people who need assistance with fees. A list of just some upcoming programs is below to help you Get Out & Explore your MetroParks in July.
FISHING
FISH ON THE FARM
Sunday, July 22, noon to 5 p.m.
Carriage Hill MetroPark Historical Farm
Learn the role fish played on an 1880s farm. Try fishing with a cane pole and learn about cleaning fish. Watch as we cook with fish and smoke it in the smokehouse. Free and for all ages.
TRY FLY FISHING
Wednesday, July 11, 5 to 8 p.m.
Eastwood MetroPark Lagoon
An instructor will be available for questions and will teach basic fly fishing techniques. Equipment is provided; no fishing license required. Free and for ages 12 and older. (Program also will be held Aug. 8.)
FAMILY FISHING DAY
Saturday, July 28, 9 a.m. to noon
Possum Creek MetroPark Fishing Ponds
This day is for families to enjoy fishing together. Pack your tackle; instruction and bait are provided. Limited gear available. Free and for all ages.
HIKING AND BACKPACKING
DISCOVER BACKPACKING
Sunday, July 15, 10 a.m. to noon
Germantown MetroPark, Twin Valley Welcome Center
Meet with local experts to ask your backpacking questions, try on a backpack, experiment with some of the gear, sample backcountry food and learn about local resources and opportunities to get started with backpacking. Free and for all ages (also Aug. 12 and Sept. 16.)
CYCLING & MOUNTAIN BIKING
TRY MOUNTAIN BIKING
Tuesday, July 10, 4 to 7 p.m.
Huffman MetroPark, MoMBA
Come to MoMBA and borrow one of our bikes, available on a first-come, first-served basis. Helmets are required and are provided. Free and for all ages (also Aug. 14 and Sept. 11.)
DISCOVER BIKEPACKING
Saturday, July 14, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Huffman MetroPark, MoMBA
Are you curious about travelling by bicycle? Stop by this hands-on program to check out equipment, try a bike loaded with gear, and learn about local resources and opportunities to get started with bikepacking. Free and for all ages (also on Aug. 18.)
PADDLING
DOWNTOWN DAYTON RIVER KAYAKING TRIPS
Tuesday, July 24, 5:30 to 8:30 p.m.
Mad River Recreation Trail
Kayak down the Mad River and the Great Miami River through the two whitewater features of the RiverScape River Runs. Dress to get wet. Registration required. Age: 14Y and up Fee: $30 8 R also Aug. 21 and Sept. 18
TRY PADDLESPORTS
Thursday, July 5, 4 to 7 p.m.
Eastwood MetroPark Lagoon
Kayak, stand up paddleboard, and canoe overviews will be given. Equipment provided at this drop-in program. Free and for all ages (also on Aug. 1)
Want to try a number of outdoor recreation activities in one place? Check out the free Urban Outdoor Experience from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m. at RiverScape MetroPark. Try your hand at mountain bike skill elements, slacklining, disc golf and more in this outdoor recreation sampler sponsored by Subaru. Then enjoy the sounds and atmosphere of Pickin' in the Park complete with a food truck rally and progressive bluegrass under the pavilion. Also at RiverScape, stop by the free Fitness in the Park classes on Saturdays at 10 a.m.: Zumba will be offered July 7 and yoga July 21.
There are many more ways to Get Out & Explore your MetroParks this summer. To register for programs and for more information, contact 937-275-7275 or visit metroparks.org.
Listen to Tony Redz all week for your chance to win a Family 4-Pack of VIP passes to our Christmas Holiday Party at Dave & Busters in Capitol Heights.
The party is scheduled for Saturday, December 16.
Your passes will include food & beverages, pre-loaded power cards good for unlimited play, a picture with Santa and a gift for the kids courtesy of DJ Young Music.
All Winners qualify for the grand prize; DJ Young Music's Tesla Model S Electric Car for Kids.
For official contest rules Click Here.
Courtesy of Dave & Busters, DJ Young Music, Tony Redz Kids Club, & WPGC 95.5.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
When ants were genetically engineered to lack a “sense of smell,” their antennae and brain circuits failed to fully develop and they couldn't communicate, forage, or compete to be a queen.
“We found that a species of ant may be the first model to enable in-depth functional analysis of genes that regulate social interaction in a complex society,” says corresponding study author Danny Reinberg, professor of biochemistry and molecular pharmacology at the New York University School of Medicine.
“While ant behavior does not directly extend to humans, we believe that this work promises to advance our understanding of social communication, with the potential to shape the design of future research into disorders like schizophrenia, depression, or autism that interfere with it,” says corresponding author Claude Desplan, professor of biology.
The results are based on the fact that ants communicate through pheromones, secreted chemicals that trigger responses. Such odors are used to spread alarm as a predator approaches, leave a trail to food, indicate social (caste) status, and signal readiness to mate, all within cooperative societies that achieve complex tasks.
Mostly wandering
Ants can receive such signals because they have proteins called odorant receptors on their antennae, with each protein the right shape to bind to a specific odorant chemical.
For any odor or pheromone to be processed in an ant's brain, however, past studies had shown that both the right odorant receptor protein and a shared, common partner protein called Orco must be present.
As reported in Cell, researchers successfully engineered the genetic loss of the Orco protein, which resulted in ants that could no longer perform some, if not all, pheromone-based social interactions.
Specifically, the altered young ants, unlike their unchanged nestmates, spent much of their time wandering out of the nest. They failed to interact with other members of the colony (a behavior that Reinberg calls “space cadet”), and were unable to forage and bring food back to the nest. Furthermore, mutant females no longer groomed males, a pre-mating behavior.
The study focused on the Indian jumping ant, Harpegnathos saltator, which is unlike many ant species in that only the queen can mate and pass on genes to the next generation. Any Harpegnathos female, adult worker can be converted into a “pseudo-queen” in the absence of the queen.
That's because the queen secretes a pheromone that suppresses the ability of workers to mate and lay eggs. If the queen is removed, the most aggressive females, after winning a series of antenna duels, undergo this transition, and can go on to produce progeny, which is essential for colony survival.
Without Orco, females can't process pheromones, which makes them much less likely to engage in dueling.
Brain ‘blob'
Another study finding came from the fact that each neuronal cell (odorant receptor neuron) capable of processing the presence of a given pheromone on the surface of an ant's antennae sends out extensions that converge in a specific blob-like brain structure called a glomerulusm where information about the odor is processed.
Past studies have suggested that, in solitary insects like mosquitoes, fruit flies, and moths, the connections between odorant receptors and glomeruli are “hard-wired”—their neural development is independent of receptor activity.
To the contrary, mammals appear to have odorant receptor cells with extensions capable of homing in on the correct glomeruli based on which odorant receptors they express. This makes the function activity-dependent in mice (and humans), in contrast to the hard-wired context of flies.
The new findings suggest that Harpegnathos ants may also have evolved to have flexible, activity-based patterning of nerve connections, which might have allowed their expanded repertoire of olfactory receptors for detecting pheromones.
This flexibility is required for communication based on the pheromone sensitivity and resultant activity of their olfactory neurons, say the authors. Accordingly, the loss of the Orco protein left female ants, on average, with just 62 of the 275 glomeruli that they would normally develop to process pheromone sensing.
Coauthors are from the University of Pennsylvania, Vanderbilt University, and Arizona State University. The Howard Hughes Medical Institute and the National Institutes of Health supported the work.
Source: NYU
Delegates heard about the growth of and challenges in the industries relating to science and innovation at the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research's sixth biannual conference in Pretoria.
Melissa Javan
A total of 181 new permanent jobs were created through 22 enterprises that were supported by the Biomanufacturing Industry Development Centre (BIDC) programme of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), said Daniel Visser, a speaker at the biannual CSIR Conference.
The two-day event, taking place on 5 and 6 October, was held at the CSIR International Convention Centre in Pretoria. The theme of the conference was “Ideas that work for industrial development”.
CSIR CEO Dr Thulani Dlamini said the event celebrated some of the work the council undertook with public and private sector partners to contribute to industrial development.
Developing biomanufacturing in South Africa
The BIDC programme had supported many small-, medium and micro enterprises (SMMEs) in South Africa, mostly in Gauteng, said Visser, research and development strategy manager at the CSIR. “The majority of the SMMEs we've supported are black owned.”
They include OptimusBio, which creates an industrial biologics product; Mamoa Trading Enterprise, which creates a cosmetics product; Sliek, which creates lactose-free products; and Golden Goose, which creates a traditional beverage product.
Since 2013, the BIDC has trained 72 interns – between 20 and 25 interns per year. The programme has also created 201 temporary jobs and 20 permanent staff are employed. A total of 75 new products were transferred to enterprises.
According to the council, the programme provides access to infrastructure, expertise and skilled human capital. The initiative is in line with the Department of Trade and Industry's Industrial Policy Action Plan and the Department of Science and Technology's Bioeconomy Strategy.
Biomanufacturing is a small sector, said Visser, although it crossed a lot of industries.
South Africa's global competitiveness
The UK and South Africa had a lot of similarities when it came to the bioeconomy sector, said Kris Wadrop, director of industrial biotechnology and biorefining in that country's Centre for Process Innovation.
He was speaking in the “Industrial development of SMMEs in the bioeconomy sector” session. “What Christo (Fourie) of the Industrial Development Corporation said is applicable to the UK. We seem to be learning and going through the same experiences all over the world.”
His company was a bit like the CSIR. “It's not as big as the CSIR, but it is having four business units.”
Wadrop advised that collaborations were very important when it came to bringing an idea to product, and then the product to market. “You need a lot of different skills to get that product to the market. If an SMME only has two staff members, it's going to be difficult to finish the project (if you do not collaborate with others).”
Visser and Wadrop were also on the panel discussion “Local pharmaceutical manufacturing: what can South Africa's competitive advantage be?”.
On that panel, Makekele Sono-Tladi, managing director of Elvema Nutrition, said SMMEs needed to master the route to commercialisation of a product. “You need to educate the consumers before you even take the product to the (shop's) shelves. You need to introduce the product to the people.
“This industry can be booming if we just master the commercialisation route.”
Regarding funding, Dr Sibongile Gumbi, founder and CEO of iVac Biotherapeutics, said: “Be strategic in how you are going to get funding. We were fortunate enough to get funding from a private investor.”
Ross Norton, chairman of the chemical company SA Bioproducts, said the “Overseas is better than local” mindset of consumers should be addressed. “We should challenge local people who don't want to buy local goods.”
Panel discussion on what role can science, technology and innovation play in industrial development #CSIRconf2017 pic.twitter.com/pQsg1LoUpa — CSIR (@CSIR) October 5, 2017
Minister of trade and industry giving the keynote address #CSIRConf2017 pic.twitter.com/eRR1v7m8Rk — Green-STEMfoundation (@Green_STEMorg) October 5, 2017
Get more children in to the ECD centres #CSIRConf2017 Sizwe Nxasana — Khethiwe Ngema (@KGN9) October 5, 2017
What to do with chicken feather waste…interesting applications explained by Prof Bruce Sithole #CSIRConf2017 pic.twitter.com/1GeFPOZB7j — Dr Lorren Haywood (@LorrenHaywood) October 5, 2017
Reduce the barriers to access in the biotech industry, especially for startups – Dr Gumbi #CSIRConf2017 — Bathong Wena… (@TheeRorisang) October 5, 2017
Minister Pandor of @dstgovza compliments @CSIR on 72nd anniversary & challenges experts to drive ‘transformative innovations' #CSIRConf2017 — GrowSA (@GrowSANet) October 5, 2017
Source: Council for Scientific and Industrial Research
Would you like to use this article in your publication or on your website? See Using Brand South Africa material.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: ‘Zero evidence' Moscow influenced US poll, says Trump press chief
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Goldman Sachs honchos are crying in their soup.
“The Commuter,” the action thriller starring Liam Neeson as a former New York City cop turned insurance salesman named Michael MacCauley, is the talk around water coolers at the investment bank, spies tell the Post.
Neeson's character is sucked into a high-stakes mission to locate the identity of a train passenger involved in a criminal conspiracy worth a cool $100,000.
In one scene, MacCauley is rebuffed by a snooty Goldman Sachs broker. MacCauley walks away in disgust, raising his middle finger.
“Hey, Goldman Sachs, on behalf of the American middle class: f–k you!” McCauley exclaims, holding Goldman to account for the financial crisis.
Goldman had no comment on reports that some top brass at the firm are deeply upset at how the white-shoe firm was depicted.
Luke Donald has been a style standout for years, and it was a treat to watch him get plenty of airtime on Sunday at the RBC Heritage. The RLX Golf and FootJoy ambassador has consistently nailed the art of fit and color combinations, and on Sunday he did five things you can—and should—copy:
His RLX Golf Jacquard polo ($99) fit perfectly. It wasn't at all baggy and its sleeves ended exactly where they should've—at the midpoint between his shoulders and his elbows. His sapphire RLX Golf Gabardine trousers ($98) picked up on the lighter blue stripes found in the collar of his polo and around the cuff of his sleeves. That's a subtle yet significant way to pull an outfit together. He matched his belt to his polo, a trick that slimmed and lengthened his body. Matching your belt with your trousers would have a similar effect. He wore dark socks, which instantly refined his entire look. Conversely, white socks will almost always ruin an outfit by making it appear too unpolished. He added an eye-catching, sophisticated twist to his outfit by building off a pair of funky wingtip FooyJoy ICONs ($300). Since your shoes lay the groundwork for all your outfits, make them a priority and have fun with them.
WATCH GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
Well…not quite…but here's the story. The George Washington University Student Senate in the early morning hours today, after a rousing multi-hour 80+ speaker marathon, voted to demand the University start boycotting and divesting from American companies that help fuel the Israeli occupation of Palestine. This comes just weeks before the White House preparations — just blocks away from GWU — for ceremonies that will underscore US recognition of Jerusalem as Jewish/Israeli symbolized by moving the Embassy for the first time in history.
Coming on top of Natalie Portman — though saying not fully supporting BDS she in effect acted on it — and the major J-Street Conference last week which was in some ways a desperate attempt to get a mulltitude of students trained to oppose BDS on their campuses, BDS is having more impact than ever.
The $50+ million dollar slush fund from Jewish/Zionist oligarchs working under orders from Israel to stamp out BDS is failing and Israel's image is taking a beating.
Jewish students guided by Hillel at GWU went on a demo in the early hours this morning after they failed to intimidate the student Senators from voting their consciences in this important symbolic move at one of the country's most important and heavily Jewish Universities.
Advertisements
The embattled leader of San Diego's Regional Planning Agency, San Diego Association of Governments (SANDAG), will resign as early as Friday, pushing up the previously-announced retirement by several months.
Gallegos submitted a letter of resignation effective Friday, SANDAG Chairman Ron Roberts said. The SANDAG Executive Committee will accept that resignation on Friday.
The embattled leader initially said he would resign at the end of the calendar year, an announcement that came amid recent scandal at the agency.
In his letter of resignation, Gallegos wrote that he wanted to retire as soon as possible to help the Board of Directors focus on the future.
SANDAG in Hot Spot After False Revenue Projections
NBC 7's Artie Ojeda reports on the changes San Diego Association of Governments (SANDAG) might undergo after investigations revealed the group's false projections for Measure A. (Published Friday, Aug. 4, 2017)
"The region is facing change and that change is going to require new leadership to build consensus and position San Diego to take advantage of future opportunities," he wrote.
SANDAG came under fire after an independent investigation found the agency showed a "severe lack of judgment" in responding to staff concerns about "Measure A" revenue projections.
The independent investigation Gallegos referenced came after a series of revelations from Voice of San Diego that the staff knew revenue forecasts were incorrect months before their Measure A was put on the ballot. But SANDAG went forward with the incorrect projection anyway.
Measure A was a proposed half-cent tax for a period of 40 years. According to the measure, a portion of the funds raised would have gone to specific transit projects throughout the county.
The report also said there was no intent to mislead the public.
In emails sent to NBC 7 Investigates and the Voice of San Diego, board members said they were not informed of errors in the agency's economic forecast, which were used to create revenue expectations for both Measure A and the agency's existing sales tax,
SANDAG Employees Told to Delete Documents Investigators
A new report is raising questions about the transparency of SANDAG after investigators say employees were instructed to delete documents. NBC 7' Investigates' Artie Ojeda reports. (Published Tuesday, Aug. 1, 2017)
However, obtained emails show For more information about that, read the NBC 7 Investigates story here.
The report led to calls, by some, saying Gallegos should resign. He has overseen the agency since 2001.
Gallegos told the Union-Tribune that his retirement had been in the works for a while, and stepping down gives others the chance to lead.
The goals he set out to achieve have now been achieved, Gallegos said in a previous statement.
“Moving forward, with the Board's support my intention is to work hard at keeping this organization focused on all of our very important initiatives and give the Board of Directors time to consider next steps,” Gallegos said.
Tropical Storm Nate, blamed for at least 22 deaths in Central America, was strengthening Friday and expected to become a hurricane by the weekend, as it churned a path toward the U.S. Gulf Coast.
A state of emergency has been declared in Costa Rica, Nicaragua and Honduras, the BBC reported, with more than 20 people missing and landslides and floods complicating rescue efforts.
The storm was last located about 115 miles northeast of Isla Guanaja Honduras and traveling north-northwest at 14 miles an hour, according to the National Hurricane Center in its latest advisory.
“Everyone in South Louisiana should be preparing for this storm now,” said John Bel Edwards, the governor of Louisiana, who declared a state of emergency on Thursday.
“Anyone who's taken this storm lightly is making a serious mistake,” he said at a press conference, according to media reports.
What's happening? Tropical Storm Nate, which started as a tropical depression on Wednesday, has been dumping rain on Central America. It is expected to arrive in the U.S. Gulf Coast within 48 hours.
The storm had maximum sustained winds of 45 miles an hour, with forecasts for gusts to strengthen in the next couple of hours.
Hurricane watches have been issued for parts of SE Louisiana and Mississippi. Storm surge watches from SE Louisiana to south Alabama #Nate pic.twitter.com/vVZLKeNKRx — The Weather Channel (@weatherchannel) October 6, 2017
Nate is expected to head into the southern Gulf of Mexico by Friday night and to near the northern Gulf Coast by Saturday evening.
“Strengthening is forecast during the next couple of days, and Nate is expected to become a hurricane by the time it reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico,” said the NHC.
Hurricane watches were in effect for parts of Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama.
The storm is expected to dump up to 10 inches of rain on southern Honduras and western Nicaragua, up to 8 inches on eastern Yucatán and western Cuba and up to 12 inches on the U.S. central Gulf Coast states.
What's the reaction? Oil and natural-gas operators in the Gulf of Mexico have been evacuating platforms and rigs ahead of Nate, prompting the shut-in of 254,607 barrels of oil a day, in Gulf oil production, the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement said late Thursday.
See: Hurricanes Harvey, Irma boost profit for refiners
The mayor of New Orleans, Mitch Landrieu, also declared a state of emergency on Thursday as he told citizens to get ready:
.@EntergyNOLA: If you're going to shelter in place, prepare for outages lasting up to 7 days. pic.twitter.com/fImtlRxoih — Mitch Landrieu (@MayorLandrieu) October 5, 2017
Hurricane #Nate is on the way, and the city of New Orleans' drainage pump system is still partly crippled.
Not good.https://t.co/Wm3z4Y1yYX https://t.co/kyuQ1GpCbA — Eric Holthaus (@EricHolthaus) October 6, 2017
Month of hurricanes: The NHC confirmed last week that September was the most active month on record, with four tropical cyclones that became hurricanes. Three of those became major hurricanes, defined as Category 3 or higher. Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria all caused deaths and substantial damage in the areas where they made landfall.
The season is the third most active on record after 1993 and 2004, according to the NHC.
On Friday, the impact of the storms was evident in the jobs report for September, which showed the workforce shrinking by 33,000 jobs, its first contraction in seven years.
Read: ‘Predictably awful' — what economists said about jobs report as hurricanes took toll
Hurricane watches have been issued for parts of SE Louisiana and Mississippi. Storm surge watches from SE Louisiana to south Alabama #Nate pic.twitter.com/vVZLKeNKRx — The Weather Channel (@weatherchannel) October 6, 2017
Check out: Hurricanes may make it look like U.S. ‘lost' jobs for the first time since 2010
Puerto Rico is among the places still reeling from the devastation caused by Hurricanes Maria and Irma, with basic clean drinking water and food still a major problem, as are communications.
Read: Elon Musk says that, if given the green light, he can power Puerto Rico
More hurricanes are possible with almost two months to go. Hurricane season stretches from June 1 to November 30.
Insurer Aon AON, +0.26% said it's still too early to assess the expected insured losses from the season, but said each storm is likely to cost well into the tens of billions of dollars.
Read: Here's how hurricane victims can get tax relief
“These events were poised to cause a heavy financial burden for federal governments and the insurance industry,” the company said in a new report. “Additionally, two major earthquakes and a powerful aftershock in Mexico led to catastrophic damage.”
The PowerShares KBW Property & Casualty Insurance Portfolio ETF KBWP, +0.28% has gained 5.3% in 2017, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.15% has gained 14% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.06% has added 15%.
Social media is exposing people who attended the protests in Charlottesville over the weekend.
The photos show three white men beating a black man in a parking garage following the clash between attendees of a white nationalist rally and counter-protesters.
According to The Cincinnati Enquirer, The Mason Police department has been receiving numerous calls from people ID'ing the man in the helmet as a former Mason student.
Read more about this story here.
Ms. Ebony J Wynn “The Host That Does The Most”
Check me out Sunday 3-7pm, Friday 7pm-9pm & Monday – Friday 3am-6am on RnB Cincy
Follow me on Twitter/ Instagram/ SnapChat: @MsEbonyj
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
The truck was contracted by the United States Treasury Department. (Source: NHP)
A semi-truck carrying $800,000 in dimes overturned on Interstate 15 on May 8, 2018. (Source: NHP)
A semi-truck carrying $800,000 in dimes crashed and spilled its load on Interstate 15 near Glendale, which is located northeast of Las Vegas, Tuesday.
According to the Nevada Highway Patrol, at about 3:30 a.m. the semi-truck was southbound on Interstate 15 near mile marker 101 when the driver lost control of the truck, struck a guardrail and rolled over onto the desert area.
The driver and a passenger in the truck were taken to University Medical Center with non-life threatening injuries, NHP said.
NHP said the truck was contracted by the United States Treasury Department.
A recovery team collected the dimes and the scene was cleared by 10:30 a.m., NHP said.
NHP cited the driver of the truck for failure to drive within marked lanes.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Comprehensive database helps industry make the best decisions in the most prolific area of the U.S.
HOUSTON, TX--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - TGS, the leading provider of global geoscientific data products and services, today announces the immediate availability of the E&P industry's most comprehensive well database in the Permian Basin.
"As Operators continue to flood into the Permian Basin, the substantial completion of the TGS Permian Basin database could not have been timed better," commented Kristian Johansen, CEO for TGS. "This information will allow operators to better assess the positions available in the basin, prepare for A&D activity, and ensure the safe, reliable, and optimal production of their acreage positions. These data sets have undergone rigorous and thorough processing by a dedicated team of professionals to ensure the most complete and broad database available in the industry. By first validating the well header information itself, identifying all boreholes for each well, and ensuring all data is tied to the right borehole in the right positon, operators can rest assured that they have access to the most accurate commercial information available for their Permian investment."
TGS has created the most complete commercially available database of products in the Permian Basin with over 430,000 wells including thousands of previously unidentified wellbores. TGS now has validated well header data for 357,000 wellbores, raster logs for all wells, digital LAS for over 280,000 wellbores, and production volumes for all producing wells in the basin. The company also offers forecasted estimated ultimate recoveries (EURs) for each producing well in the basin as well as interpreted formation tops and basin temperature models covering the entire basin.
The Permian database is available immediately through TGS' R360 and LOG-LINE Plus!® web portals with basin-wide data packages covering the Midland, Delaware, or Central Platform regions, or over the entire Permian Basin. All data products come with 100% coverage of the wellbore system from surface to TD, have been quality controlled for completeness, and ensure all attributes such as depth, direction, height, and elevation meet the most stringent guidelines for accuracy.
The Permian Basin well data and interpretive products complement new and planned TGS 3D seismic surveys in the basin and puts TGS in the unique position to offer clients a comprehensive, high quality database to evaluate the most prolific basin in the US.
Company summary
TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company (TGS) provides multi-client geoscience data to oil and gas Exploration and Production companies worldwide. In addition to extensive global geophysical and geological data libraries that include multi-client seismic data, magnetic and gravity data, digital well logs, production data and directional surveys, TGS also offers advanced processing and imaging services, interpretation products, and data integration solutions.
For more information visit TGS online at www.tgs.com.
Forward-looking statements and contact information
All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and are based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors include TGS' reliance on a cyclical industry and principle customers, TGS' ability to continue to expand markets for licensing of data, and TGS' ability to acquire and process data products at costs commensurate with profitability. Actual results may differ materially from those expected or projected in the forward-looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to update or alter forward-looking statements for any reason.
TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange ( OSLO : TGS).
TGS sponsored American Depositary Shares trade on the U.S. over-the-counter market under the symbol "TGSGY".
For additional information about this press release please contact:
By JOSH DUBOW
AP Pro Football Writer
ALAMEDA, Calif. (AP) - The Oakland Raiders bolstered their offensive line after trading down in the first round in the NFL draft, taking UCLA tackle Kolton Miller with the 15th overall pick.
After the San Francisco 49ers took the top-rated tackle in the draft, Mike McGlinchey, with the ninth overall pick, the Raiders opted to move down from 10. They traded down five spots with Arizona, adding a third- and fifth-round pick in the deal.
Oakland still went with an offensive lineman at No. 15, taking Miller over highly regarded defensive prospects in safety Derwin James and linebacker Tremaine Edmunds.
This is the Raiders' first draft since bringing back coach Jon Gruden for a second stint in Oakland. Gruden replaced the fired Jack Del Rio after a disappointing six-win season and was given a 10-year contract to become the head of the organization.
While Reggie McKenzie remained as general manager and was involved heavily in draft preparation, Gruden is the man who now has the final word on picks for Oakland.
Gruden has said the Raiders needed better play at right tackle to protect Derek Carr, especially in a division that features elite pass rushers like Joey Bosa and Melvin Ingram on the Chargers, Von Miller and first-round pick Bradley Chubb in Denver, and Justin Houston in Kansas City.
The Raiders signed Breno Giacomini to a one-year deal to play right tackle but Miller could take that spot while being groomed to move to the left side. Donald Penn turns 35 on Friday and is coming off a season-ending foot injury.
Miller allowed two sacks and 16 total quarterback pressures in 579 pass blocking snaps last season, according to Pro Football Focus, ranking 17th in efficiency.
After a stellar 2014 class that included star pass rusher Khalil Mack, Carr and two other key starters in guard Gabe Jackson and defensive tackle Justin Ellis, the Raiders have gotten little production the past three years in the draft.
Receiver Amari Cooper posted consecutive 1,000-yard seasons in his first two years after being taken in the first round in 2015 before struggling last year. No one else from those classes has made a major impact yet. Last year's top two picks, cornerback Gareon Conley and safety Obi Melifonwu, combined for only 127 defensive snaps as rookies because of injuries.
The deal leaves the Raiders with one pick in the second round, two in the third, one in the fourth, three in the fifth, four in the sixth and one in the seventh.
Oakland also waived defensive tackle Darius Latham.
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A gravity-fed energy storage system under development by Gravitricity may be more cost effective in the long term than batteries, according to a report by Imperial College London (ICL).
The Gravitricity technology could be particularly well suited to provide grid balancing and rapid frequency response services to grid operators, the report said.
Related Stories Huisman weighs into storage
21 Mar 2018
Mines to take weight for storage
07 Feb 2018 It added that the technology has a low specific power cost and high cyclability, with a predicted levelised cost of energy storage of $141 a kilowatt a year.
The technology has high operational expenditure, but this is offset by a long project lifespan of up to 50 years, high power availability and zero percent degradation, ICL said.
Gravitricity technology will use a weight of up to 2000 tonnes suspended in mine shafts by cables attached to winches.
The weight is winched to the top of the shaft to capture renewable power and then dropped to release it when needed, with the winches acting as generators.
Gravitricity managing director Charlie Blair (pictured) said: “This independent report clearly shows that Gravitricity can be a very strong competitor in the frequency response market, where its low specific power cost and high cyclability sets it apart from other technologies.”
The company, which teamed up with Dutch lifting specialist Huisman earlier this year, plans to develop a 250kW demonstration project and test it early next year at a disused mine in Scotland.
The partners ultimately aim to scale up to 20MW commercial systems.
Image: Gravitricity
Mohanlal is undoubtedly one among most flexible celebrities in the Malayalam film industry and the ease with which he has done some of the stellar action scenes in many of his films underlines that fact further. Now, Mohanlal has decided to be a part of the Fitness Challenge, which has been doing the rounds on social media platforms, which was started by Central Minister Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore. Some of the big celebrities have already been a part of the challenge and Mohanlal too, has joined them.
Mohanlal, took to his Twitter account for the same and he has sent out a picture of him working out in a gym. In fact, he has passed on the challenge to Tamil actor Suriya, Mollywood's own Prithviraj and Tollywood star Jr. NTR.
The tweet sent out by Mohanlal read as "Accepting #FitnessChallenge from @Ra_THORe for #HumFitTohIndiaFit. I invite @Suriya_offl @tarak9999 @PrithviOfficial to join #NewIndia - a healthy India.'
Meanwhile, this new picture of Mohanlal has once again left the audiences awe-struck. Praises are pouring in for the Mohanlal's dedication level and the fitness level of the much loved star of Mollywood. The picture has bee shared through Mohanlal's Facebook page as well and it has already fetched above 1.1 Lakh Likes and above 5K shares.
This is an experimental feature. Give us your feedback. Thank you for your feedback.
On Friday, Caesars Entertainment emerged from its contentious bankruptcy nearly three years after seeking protection from creditors. An ugly fight between hedge funds holding the debt of the hotel and casino business and Caesars' private equity owners was finally averted when the sides figured out how much Sin City had recovered from the financial crisis.
Caesars, with two thirds of its operating profit coming from Las Vegas properties, now has a juicy enterprise value of $25bn, not far from its 2008 $31bn buyout price. The leverage of the new Caesars will be a relatively modest 6 times cash flow compared to 14 times just prior to bankruptcy. The drivers of the business also look different. Gaming revenues are now less than half of total revenues. Vegas is thriving again but visitors are coming for more than just the chance to lose money at the craps tables. Sin City tourists are these days just as interested in food and live music, as demonstrated by the festival so horribly attacked at the weekend.
Caesars used the bankruptcy process to stop paying interest and divert that cash to sprucing up its properties. It spent $1.5bn in capital expenditures in the past three years and touts a stable of celebrity chefs such as Gordon Ramsey and musical acts such as Jennifer Lopez and Backstreet Boys.
In the past three years, cash flow has jumped 50 per cent. And the sliver of its public equity that is traded is up 50 per cent this year. The question then is this: has most of the value creation already accrued to former creditors who received equity stakes in exchange for their bonds and loans? The company insists it is in growth mode with $600m in free cash flow to expand.
Even with its rally in value, Caesars' earnings multiple still trails Vegas rivals Wynn and MGM. Conservatism is justifiable in the wake of Chapter 11. Caesars must deliver more conquests to merit a triumph.
The Lex team is interested in hearing more from readers. Are casinos more compelling with better food and entertainment?
Everything you need to know about the return of the dystopian drama
When is The Handmaid's Tale series 2 on Channel 4?
The Handmaid's Tale continues on Sundays at 9pm on Channel 4. It airs in America on streaming service Hulu.
Advertisement
What's it about?
Adapted from Margaret Atwood's novel, the first series followed June, known as Offred (Elisabeth Moss), as she began her life as a handmaid in dystopian future America at the bottom of a new totalitarian regime, utilised for her fertility by the barren ruling classes.
The series one finale saw Offred fall pregnant but the identity of the father remained a mystery. Could it be the Commander (Joseph Fiennes), who ceremonially rapes her, or young driver Nick with whom Offred had a relationship?
What's new for season two?
Hulu has said that season two – which takes us beyond the endpoint of Margaret Atwood's 1985 novel – will be shaped by Offred's pregnancy and her ongoing fight to free her stolen child from the dystopian horrors of Gilead. It will consist of 13 episodes.
“‘Gilead is within you' is a favorite saying of Aunt Lydia. In season two, Offred and all our characters will fight against – or succumb to – this dark truth,” reads the synopsis.
We will also be visiting Alexis Bledel's character Ofglen who has been exiled to the dreaded colonies.
As fans will remember, Ofglen (aka Emily) was banished to the colonies, where rebellious or “useless” women (known as “unwomen”) are sent to clean up radioactive waste.
“Life in the Colonies is a last stop,” Bledel told Entertainment Weekly. “Emily does not have a great deal of hope for a future there; she knows her days are numbered.”
Bradley Whitford, star of Get Out and The Post, is also slated to join the cast in a recurring role.
According to Deadline, the former West Wing actor will play Commander Joseph Lawrence, the gruff and intimidating architect of Gilead's economy.
Advertisement
Is there a trailer?
Numerous teaser trailers have been released, showing that the next series is set to be just as bleak as you'd expect. Watch all three of them below…
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Regents putting vested interests ahead of New York's kids Once again putting vested adult interests above the needs of New York schoolchildren, the state Education Department and Board of Regents are suing to try to stop alternative teacher-certification rules...
The right way to open up the teaching field The state Board of Regents just made it easier to get certified to teach in New York public schools — just weeks after trying to shoot down a far better...
Regents are sabotaging the fragile peace with charter schools Time will tell if Mayor de Blasio will keep his vow to work with charter schools, but the Regents are making it clear where they stand: They're as hostile as...
The NY teachers union's neverending war on tests Victory isn't enough for New York State United Teachers, which is continuing its war on state tests with ads reminding parents they can have kids “opt out.” Apparently, it doesn't...
New York's lunatic way of running education A state Senate bill to fix the selection process for the Board of Regents isn't likely to become law — or even get much attention — any time soon. Unless,...
The Regents' lame excuses for lowering teacher standards With New York distracted Monday by Stella's advance, the state Board of Regents junked the literacy exam for prospective teachers — and announced it in a classic press release full...
State nixes literacy exam for prospective teachers The state Board of Regents voted Monday to scrap a literacy exam for prospective teachers, in a move some critics blasted as a damaging dilution of classroom standards. Part of...
Quota games won't fix the racial gaps in NY's schools There's fresh infamy afoot in New York City's public schools. No, not word that black and Hispanic students have vastly underperformed in getting into the city's justly famed competitive-entry high...
'Literacy' test for teachers may be nixed State education officials plan to scrap a literacy exam given to prospective teachers and allow certification for some applicants who fail a performance assessment test — moves that critics warned...
LONDON — Arsenal record signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang made a scoring debut and Henrikh Mkhitaryan provided three assists on his first start.
But Aaron Ramsey seized the limelight from the January recruits by scoring a hat trick as Arsenal crushed Everton 5-1 in the English Premier League on Saturday.
It was an emphatic response from Arsenal to losing at Swansea 3-1 on Tuesday a day before Aubameyang joined from Borussia Dortmund for $80 million.
Aubameyang dinked the ball over goalkeeper Jordan Pickford for Arsenal's fourth in the 37th minute after being set up by Mkhitaryan.
Ramsey had already netted twice by that stage either side of Laurent Koscielny's strike. Ramsey completed his treble in the second half from Mkhitaryan's cutback, and Dominic Calvert-Lewin headed in a consolation.
Arsenal is five points from the four Champions League places in sixth place, while Everton is 10th.
The former managing director and others are accused of using the bank's funds for personal use.
The post I was paid to testify in N10.9 billion fraud trial of ex-bank chief – Witness appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
A subway station cleaner who was there when a would-be suicide bomber detonated his pipe bomb in a passageway full of people described the moment the explosion happened.
Sean Monroe, 32, was on his way – broom and dust pan in hand – to clean up a spill in an MTA hallway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal and had just turned a corner when he suddenly saw a man explode.
“I looked that way, and the next thing I know I saw the explosion. The guy just went boom,” Monroe, 32, who has worked for the agency since Oct. of last year, recalled. “The people around [the bomber] fell to the floor. As soon as they fell, they got back up and started running.”
The cleaner said the noise was terrifying and very loud. His ears started ringing immediately.
“It was extremely scary,” he said. “You start to panic for a second, but when you see all those people you know getting up and rushing, your first instinct, especially with your training from MTA, your first instinct is to let me direct these people out of here as far away from the situation as possible.”
That's when Monroe kicked into gear, directed those fleeing to the nearest exit.
“I pointed my arm out to the right and directed them to the right because that was the nearest exit from the station. I knew they were all about to scatter, so I directed them one way,” Monroe said.
Alleged bomber Akayed Ullah, 27, detonated the explosive device during the morning rush inside the subway passageway linking the Times Square and Port Authority subway stations.
“The guy was walking normal and he just exploded,” said Monroe. “He didn't look suspicious. He was bundled up because it was cold outside. It just happened out of nowhere.”
Following the blast, commuters in the walkway “were frantic. They were running. They didn't' know where to go. They were just scared and shocked,” Monroe said.
As Ullah laid injured in the passageway after the blast, a woman who had lost her wallet and shoe tried to walk over to where the bomber was laying, but Monroe stopped her.
“I told her, ‘miss, you can't walk over there.' She said ‘but my shoe and my wallet.' So I went to get her shoe and I went it back and brought it to her because I knew she only had one shoe,” said Monroe. “I know it's hard to run with just one shoe.”
Surveillance footage caught Monroe picking up items off the ground as the bomber was lying in the empty corridor before the scene was locked down.
“I was about six steps from him. I didn't take a minute to look at him. I just wanted to grab her belongings so that way she would be able to exit better and hightail it away from him,” said Monroe.
Monroe expressed relief saying: “I'm just glad there were no casualties… It wasn't as bad as it could have been.”
ECC hosts discussion on bullies Thursday
hello
Lark Cowart, former assistant state's attorney, will lead a discussion about bullies, gender biases and harassment Thursday at Elgin Community College. Courtesy of Elgin Community College
Judson University choir members will be traveling to three Indiana churches next month to perform and raise funds for a 14-day European tour in May. Courtesy of Judson University
Elgin Community College hosts a panel discussion Thursday on bullies as part of its "Targets of Hate" series.
Lark Cowart, formerly an assistant state's attorney for 14 years, will lead the discussion titled, "When Bullies Grow Up -- Gender Biases and Harassment," from 11 a.m. to 12:15 p.m. in the Building G Spartan Auditorium on ECC's campus, 1700 Spartan Drive.
The series, which is the brainchild of ECC's Multicultural and Global Initiatives Committee, aims to facilitate campuswide conversations on timely topics with students, faculty, staff members, administrators and the community.
The event is free and open to the public.
District 158 'Dueling Pianos' fundraiser April 7:
The Huntley Community School District 158 Education Foundation host its "Dueling Pianos" fundraising dinner and raffle April 7 at Pinecrest Golf Club restaurant.
The event will run from 6 to 11 p.m. and feature the Spanky Dueling Pianos, a high-energy show with a pair of sharp-witted musicians taking requests, leading singalongs, and interacting with audience members. It is open to anyone 21 and older.
Tickets are $75 and can be purchased at district158.org/foundation. Sponsorship opportunities also are available ranging from $100 to $1,000.
Proceeds will fund scholarships, teacher grants, and materials to enhance classroom education for students in prekindergarten through 12th grades.
For details, contact Sara Mitchell at (847) 456-3502 or Kim Skaja at (815) 347-8810.
Judson choir prepares for Europe fundraising tour:
The Judson University Choir members travels to three Indiana churches next month to perform and raise funds for a 14-day European tour in May.
Choir Director Warren Anderson, who also directs the Demoss Center for Worship in the Performing Arts, said the Europe tour is expensive and the fundraiser is to help students struggling to meet their goal. He will lead a group of 39 students, along with artist-in-residence Huntley Brown, Judson President Gene Crume and his wife, Cindy, and Judson trustee Dennis Demoss and his wife, JoAnn.
The fundraising tour is:
• April 7: 6 p.m., Russellville Community Church in Russellville.
• April 8: 10:30 a.m., assembly for Hope's Point Church at the Shelbyville High School auditorium in Shelbyville.
• April 8: 6 p.m., The Bridge Church in Fortville.
"In addition to raising funds, we hope to bless the congregations for whom we'll be singing," Anderson said.
To donate toward the tour, visit judsonu.edu/go/.
Agnyaathavaasi
Trivikram Srinivas and Pawan Kalyan's Agnyaathavaasi hit the screens during Sankranthi and opened to a good response at the box office despite receiving unflattering reviews from all corners. The negative WOM soon caught up with the film and it ultimately proved to be a disappointment for all concerned. Agnyaathavaasi also had Keerthy Suresh and Aadhi in the lead.
Touch Chesi Chudu
The year started on a bad note for Ravi Teja when his Touch Chesi Chudu opened to a poor response at the box office and failed to impress the critics. Shot against a budget of Rs 30 Crore, it ended with a final distributor's share of Rs 9 Crore and proved to be a disaster. Touch Chesi Chudu also featured Raashi Khanna and Seerat Kapoor in the lead.
Naa Peru Surya
Featuring Tollywood's 'Stylish Star' Allu Arjun in the lead, Naa Peru Surya was one of the biggest releases of the year and hit the screens on May 4, 2018. Unfortunately, it underperformed at the box office and its distributors suffered losses.
Nela Ticket
The second Ravi Teja starrer to feature on the list, Nela Ticket hit the theatres on May 25, 2018 and proved to be a box office dud. It ended with a distributor's share of around Rs 9.5 Crore and received negative reviews.
Officer
Officer marked Nagarjuna's first film with Ram Gopal Varma in over two decades and hit the screens on June 1, 2018. Featuring the veteran actor in the role of a cop, it sank without a trace and failed to impress the movie buffs.
Report correlates impact of household income upon future earning potential to show education is not the great equalizer previously assumed; Engineering schools deliver more than four times the ROI of liberal arts schools
SEATTLE, WA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Today PayScale, Inc., the leader in cloud compensation solutions for businesses and individuals, announced the release of its annual College Return on Investment Report. The report is designed to help prospective students and families make informed decisions related to college debt and relative earning potential. In addition, PayScale's College ROI report examines the degree to which a student's household income upon entering college impacts his or her earning potential post-graduation, as well as career readiness upon graduation.
"Student loan debt is in excess of $1 trillion in the US, and college is a significant investment for most families and students. With myriad colleges to choose from, we believe students need to understand the relative ROI for various schools to ensure they are best positioned for long-term success upon graduation," said Lydia Frank, Vice President of Content Marketing at PayScale. "The average college student graduates with almost $30,000 in student loans, so it's critical that prospective college students, parents and policymakers have a solid understanding of the value of their college education in the job market."
"We've designed the College ROI Report to provide real-world insight into how college choice -- right down to the selection of a major -- can impact future earning or career advancement potential," added Frank.
"It's disheartening to see in the findings again this year that education is not always the great equalizer," continued Frank. Katie Bardaro, PayScale vice president of data analytics, concurs, "Those from the upper quartile of household income also have the highest median pay after graduation, while those from the lower quartile have the lowest. This data shows the post-graduate earning opportunities are not equal across all levels of household income."
"Or, simply put, the rich keep getting richer," closed Frank.
PayScale College Return on Investment Highlights:
Engineering schools are highly ranked, holding five of the top 10 placements on the list. The average net ROI for engineering schools is $653,000, compared to less than $157,000 for liberal arts, religious or arts schools.
Public schools dominate the overall ranking for annualized ROI, indicative of their relative low cost compared to private schools. Only five out of the highest 100 on-campus annualized ROI values come from private schools.
The federally-funded United States Merchant Marine Academy, where there is no difference between in-state or out-of-state tuition, claims the number one spot, with a 20-year net ROI of over a million dollars.
Harvey Mudd College, The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, SUNY Maritime College and the Colorado School of Mines ranked two through five, respectively.
EFFECT OF HOUSEHOLD INCOME PRE-COLLEGE ON INCOME POST-COLLEGE
1. College graduates who come from wealthy households upon entering college have a greater mid-career earning potential post-graduation. If the entering graduate has come from a wealthy family, s/he is likely to earn more long-term than an entering graduate from a poor family. The mid-career median pay for respondents whose household income was in the bottom 25 percent of the income distribution (self-reported) when they attended college is $72,700. The mid-career median pay increases to $80,100 for respondents whose household was in the middle 50 percent of the income distribution. Respondents whose household income was in the top 25 percent have the highest mid-career earning potential post-graduation with a median pay of $99,600. The pattern holds true across job levels.
2. Are college graduates from low-income backgrounds still suppressed? Thirty-two percent of mid-career workers (10+ years work experience) that report being in the bottom 25 percent of the household income distribution in college report earnings in the bottom 25 percent after graduation. Only 20 percent of mid-career workers that started in the bottom 25 percent now earn in the top 25 percent. Conversely, only 15 percent of mid-career workers that started in the top 25 percent now earn in the bottom 25 percent.
3. Workers who come from higher household income brackets in college are slightly more likely to become executives than individuals from lower household income brackets in college. (Executives are likely to have higher salaries.)
4. At every job level, workers entering college from lower household income brackets tend to earn less than their higher household income bracket peers.
Methodology:
Rankings in the PayScale College ROI Report are based on Net 20 Year ROI, on-campus costs (without Financial Aid). If a school does not report on-campus cost, then it is not included in the main ranking. "Overall" ranking refers to ranking of schools only, not school-job category or school-major combinations. For 2017, PayScale expanded the number of colleges included in the report by almost 50 percent, for a total of 1,422 institutions; 521 public (both in-state and out-of-state cost structures are included) and 901 private not-for-profit.
PayScale provides median earnings data of workers who attended college based on where their household fell in the income distribution when they attended college.
For more information, please refer to the full PayScale 2017 College ROI Report at: http://www.payscale.com/college-roi
About PayScale
PayScale offers modern compensation software and real-time, data driven insights for employees and employers alike. More than 6,000 customers, from small businesses to Fortune 500 companies, use PayScale to power pay decisions for more than 13 million employees. These companies include Dish Network, Getty Images, Skullcandy, Bloomberg BNA and Time Warner. For more information, please visit: www.payscale.com or follow PayScale on Twitter: http://twitter.com/payscale
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
UK equipment exporter fears for Gulf contracts as Brexit talks near
Jessie Wright Snider
Jessie Wright Snider, age 93, of Sharon, died Monday, February 6 at Van Ayer Healthcare in Martin after a brief illness.
She was a lifelong resident of Sharon. She was born August 29, 1923 in Sharon, daughter of the late Sam and Orpha Wright.
She was preceded in death by her husband, Orrin in 2013. At his death, they had been married for 69 years. They were married in 1943 during his furlough from the US Army. Jessie supported the war effort by working at the Milan Army Ammunition Plant assembling artillery shells. She later worked at the Wormser Pajama Manufacturing in Sharon for many years.
She was the longest-term member of First Baptist Church in Sharon, having been a member for 77 years, joining when she was 16. She was much beloved by everyone for her friendliness and genuine concern…a true woman of God whose life reflected the beauty and heart of Christ. She left an inspiring legacy to all who knew her and especially her family.
Jessie is survived by her two children, Larry Snider and wife Paula of Martin and Mike Snider of Sharon; one brother Charles Wright of Sharon; three grandchildren Andy Snider of Phoenix Arizona, Chad Snider (Kara) of Martin, and Courtney Bondurant (Dylan) of Union City; and five great-grandchildren Finn, Presley, Rylan, Blakely and Bo.
Services will be held at Williams Funeral Home in Sharon at 11:00 am on Thursday, February 9. Visitation will be held Wednesday evening from 5:00 – 7:00 pm and again at 10:00 am on Thursday until the service at 11:00am.
The family extends special thanks to the staff of Van Ayer Healthcare for their loving care during her time there. Memorial contributions can be made to Sharon First Baptist Church, P O Box 96, Sharon, TN 38255.
PAID OBIT A128
William Townsen
Services for William Richard Townsen, age 84 of Dresden, will be held Wednesday, February 15, at 1PM, at Bowlin Funeral Home. Burial will follow in New Hope Church Cemetery. Visitation will be from 11 a.m. until 1 p.m. Wednesday.
Mr. Townsen was born March 14, 1932 in San Antonio, TX, to the late Luther and Fern Shurtleff Townsen, both deceased. Besides his parents, he was preceded in death by a son, Ralph Mullins. He was a farm Machinery mechanic, and a US Army Korean War Veteran.
He is survived by his wife Marcella Marcum Toensen, sons, Steve (Jennifer) Mullins of Yuma; Fayette (Brenda) Mullins of Martin; Steve, Wesley, and Timothy Gage all of Lubbock, TX; daughters, Tammy (Chuck) Brundige of Dresden; Kathy (Robert) McDermott of Wisconsin, and daughter in law Beverly Mullins of Camden.
Ted Smith, Sr.
Ted Mansfield Smith Sr. age 71 of Dresden, died February 9 at the Jackson Madison Co. General Hospital. Mr. Ted's wishes were to be cremated. The family will hold a memorial service on Saturday, February 18, 2017 in Bowlin Funeral Home Chapel at 2 p.m. with burial to follow in the Macks Grove Church Cemetery. Visitation will be held on Saturday afternoon from 1 p.m. until service time at 2 p.m.
Mr. Smith was born July 27, 1945 in Martin to the late Berlie Tee Smith and Lilla Mansfield Smith, both deceased. Besides his parents he was also preceded in death by his brother, Bert Smith; two sisters, Laverne Beeman and Helen Necker. He was a retired police dispatcher for the Martin Police Department and a member of Mack's Grove Baptist Church. He is survived by his son; Ted Smith Jr. of Cabot, AR, his two daughters; Paula (Todd) Courson of Ward, AR. and Sherri (Shane) Leach of St. Louis, MO. He also leaves behind a brother; Jack Smith of Lansing, MI, four grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.
Dimple Newsom
Dimple Hawkins Newsome, age 87 of Sharon, died February 11 at her home. Services were February 14 at 12 pm at First Baptist Church in Sharon. Burial followed in Tansil Cemetery.
She was born in Weakley Co. on November 7, 1929 to her parents Beulah Hedgecock and Thomas Hawkins. She was preceded in death by her five sisters and four brothers. Dimple worked as a nurse aide for the Weakley County Nursing home for nine years and then worked at the Weakley County Health Department until she retired in 2002.
She is survived by her daughters, Janice Newsom of Jackson; Brenda Newsom of Nashville; and Tammy Newsom of Nashville; and one son Larry (Judy) Newsom of Sharon. She also leaves behind two grandchildren, Tara (Luke) Hughes of Gleason, and Kristie Newsom of Chattanooga, and special friend David Gaylord of Sharon.
Kay Sellers
Kay Sellers, age 69 of McKenzie, died February 11 at McKenzie Regional Hospital. Funeral services will be February 15 at Williams Funeral Home in Greenfield, from 3 p.m. to 3:45 p.m., and Anthony McAlister will officiate.
Ms. Sellers was born November 19, 1947 to Layfatte Dunn and Russelline Jones, both deceased. Survivors include a son, Jeff McAlister of Bradford; a daughter, Michelle Vinson of McKenzie; two brothers, Craig Galey of Lexington and Johnny Galey of Greenfield; a sister, Joan Paradis of Atlanta, GA; nine grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren.
Edna Sexton
Edna Sexton, age 70 of Sharon, died February 11. Funeral services will be February 16 at Williams Funeral Home in Sharon from 7 p.m. to 7:45 p.m. with Henry Hank Cook officiating.
Ms. Cook was born July 17, 1946 to Arthur Miles and Edna Royster, both deceased. Survivors include one son, Christopher Elliott and a daughter, Teresa Cook of Martin.
Teddy Smith
Tedd Smith, age 50 of Martin, died February 11 at Jackson Madison County General Hospital. A Memorial Visitation with the family will be held Thursday, February 16 from 6 p.m. until 8 p.m. at Pleasant Hill Baptist Church in Martin.
Mr. Smith was born July 9, 1966 to John Wayne Smith and Linda Fowler Smith, both deceased. Besides his parents he was also preceded in death by one step-brother, Corey Smith. Teddy was an electrician at The University of Tennessee at martin and attended Pleasant Hill Baptist Church in Martin. He attended both Sharon High School and Westview High School.
Survivors include his wife, Kari Pitcher Smith; his daughter, Kristen (Graylon) Perkins; his son, Dylan Smith; and his two granddaughters, all of Martin; his sisters, Angela Simpson of Kenton and Pam Copan of Vancouver, Canada; three brothers, Ricky Smith of Nashville, Dennis Smith of Newbern and Randy Smith of Kentucky.
By Abby Hassler
Prince, also known as “The Purple One” is finally getting his very own Pantone color. Pantone and Prince's Estate announced today (August 14) that the late singer has his own purple hue, “Love Symbol #2,” which is named after the iconic symbol the singer used as an emblem for his name.
Related: Wesley Snipes Beat Out Prince for His Role in Michael Jackson's ‘Bad'
“The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be. This is an incredible way for his legacy to live on forever,” Troy Carter, entertainment adviser to Prince's Estate, said.
“We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol #2, a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince, ‘the purple one,'” added Laurie Pressman, vice president of the Pantone Color Institute. “A musical icon known for his artistic brilliance, Love Symbol #2 is emblematic of Prince's distinctive style. Long associated with the purple family, Love Symbol #2 enables Prince's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself.”
By Scott Strasser, February 14 2017 —
Students' Union executives at the University of Calgary will have a smaller budget for travel and conference expenses next year.
At their meeting on Feb. 7, the SU's operations and finance committee approved a $33,000 budget for executive travel from July 2017 – July 2018.
That's about $12,000 less than the $45,291 devoted to executive conference and travel in the SU's 2016–17 operating budget.
According to SU vice-president operations and finance Branden Cave, the reduced funding is due to the SU opting out of the 2018 Leaders' Hall — an orientation and leadership skills conference for student governments.
“Leaders' Hall is valuable for those small schools that don't have as rigorous an orientation process,” Cave said. “We saw that our students wouldn't get as much value out of it, so we've decided not to attend in 2018.”
The $33,000 will pay for travel and conference fees for the five SU executives from July 2017 – July 2018. The funding will cover flights, accommodation and other expenses when executives attend out-of-city events.
Cave said the SU is also reducing its executive travel budget as a cost-cutting measure following the SU's failed injunction application to maintain operational control of MacHall.
“We're looking at ways we can do some cost-saving and tighten our belt with the uncertainty around how much revenue we're getting back from food court tenants,” Cave said. “That way, our bottom line is affected as little as possible.”
According to Cave, the SU president and vice-president external each attend 10 conferences a year, while the other three vice-presidents attend four conferences per year. Three of those conferences are attended by all five executives.
SU president Stephan Guscott has attended Leaders' Hall twice. He agreed that it is more beneficial for smaller schools to attend.
“We've been fortunate to create a strong orientation and transition process for new executives. A lot of the things we provide in-house are duplicated at Leaders' Hall. It's a good conference, but the value for our students isn't what we want it to be for that type of expenditure,” Guscott said.
The SU executive travel and conference funding is broken down into monthly allotments. The most expensive travel month for the SU in 2016–17 was May, with $13,200 devoted to executive travel funding.
The only month in which executives was not allotted travel funding was January.
Comments
Buck Showalter predicted danger of bases before Bryce Harper injury
At least one person associated with Major League Baseball saw the risks of injury thanks to bases long before Bryce Harper hurt his knee running through one.
Several months ago, Joel Sherman of the New York Post spoke to several people about what they would change about the game, and Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter voiced concern over the safety of bases.
“The bases that we use now have no give, they are hard as a rock, often because they get changed so often so they can be auctioned,” Showalter said. “We need a softer base so there is some give so a) players can more easily hold the bag so we don't have those unintentional over-slides and outs on replay, b) you can see the indent on the bag in replay so you know if a fielder was on the bag and when a runner touched and c) so there is some give when players go into a bag so there are fewer injuries.”
While Harper's injury didn't turn out to be as serious as it could have been, it could still prove to be a wake-up call to motivate the league to think about what they can do to make things safer for players, particularly in rainy weather.
By Dave Shedloski
The Memorial Tournament presented by Nationwide always has been one of the premiere events on the PGA TOUR since its inception in 1976. And its status only seems to grow with legendary host Jack Nicklaus watching over the proceedings.
“It's truly amazing to think that a tournament hosted by golf's greatest champion in the game and played on one of the greatest golf courses in the game keeps getting better, but the Memorial Tournament continually rises in stature,” said Jim Nantz, longtime CBS Sports golf anchor. “For someone who treasures the sport and the history of the game as much as I do, it's truly one of the great weekends of my year.”
Newly minted world No. 1 Justin Thomas heads a field that includes eight of the top in the world rankings, while five-time Memorial Tournament winner Tiger Woods returns for the first time since 2015. Along with Thomas, all of the other two-time winners on the PGA TOUR this season are entered: Justin Rose (No. 3 in the world and the 2010 Memorial winner), Columbus resident Jason Day, Bubba Watson and Patton Kizzire.
Former PGA champion Jason Dufner returns to defend his title.
“We virtually have the who's who of players and virtually everybody's here, and I think we have probably done pretty well,” the Golden Bear said of the strong 120-player field competing for a purse of $8.9 million.
Nantz, who has worked every Memorial Tournament since 1986, his rookie year on the network, takes a look at the storylines this week in Dublin, Ohio.
>>WATCH: The Memorial Tournament Live Stream
The PGA TOUR calls the Memorial Tournament an enhanced event because of the larger purse and three-year exemption for the winner. I'd argue it's enhanced because the golf course is superb and Jack Nicklaus is the host. Agree?
The tournament is special for a multitude of reasons. This golf tournament has taken on the personality of truly being one of the biggest events in the sport. All you have to do is look at the field list to be dazzled and get the juices flowing. You've got a golf course that is ranked among the best in the world, and it's hosted by the greatest champion in the history of the sport, there's a lot for the passionate golf fan to get fired up about.
This week is a very strong field, with eight of the top 10 in the world and in the FedExCup standings. The Memorial always draws a strong field, but this one seems particularly top heavy.
It's a reflection of what's going on in the game of golf right now. For those of us who live the sport year-round, we're seeing wonderful things, [particularly] where the game is going and how it's trending. And the Memorial is one of those events that brings it all together. You can really sense that the players have a tremendously high regard for Jack Nicklaus and the tournament that he puts on.
Muirfield Village Golf Club can be an extremely tough test. We saw five-time winner Tiger Woods shoot 85 in the third round in 2015. But it also can yield some good scores. We've seen both extremes.
There are certainly a lot of places where your game can be exposed in a hurry if you're off by a fraction. It doesn't take much, as evidenced by last year's winner, Jason Dufner, shooting 77 on Saturday and rebounding and still winning. He was just a fraction off in the third round, and it cost him a pair of hockey sticks. I love risk-reward in golf; it brings the sport to a whole new level of drama. You take the best tournaments and the most memorable events we watch, and the term risk-reward is usually a part of it. Just look at major championship golf — and this really is major championship level. Look at what makes the Masters so great. It's the risk-reward nature of Augusta National Golf Club. You need highs mixed with the lows. You need the guy who pulls off the impossible shot and the guy who pays the penalty for coming up short. A young Jack Nicklaus knew what he was doing when he built Muirfield Village Golf Club all those years ago. It's the perfect arena for golf at its best, golf at its most interesting.
>>MORE: Golf Expert Interviews
Speaking of Woods, this is his first appearance here since that tough 2015 outing. What can we expect as he continues to put his game back together?
He's got a tremendous track record at the Memorial Tournament. He's come a long way in his attempt to rebound from back surgery. He's been quite a story. But who knows what to expect? He'll be closely watched, of that I am certain.
Justin Thomas makes his first start as the No. 1 player in the world. Does that make a difference to a player when he carries that banner? How will he respond?
When Adam Scott became No. 1 for the first time, he won at Colonial (in 2014), so who's to say we won't see that kind of response from Justin Thomas? This is a style of golf course that Justin Thomas grew up on. He was raised in these parts. His family has Ohio ties. This should be right in his wheelhouse. The fact that he is No. 1 doesn't come as any great shock. It comes at a time in golf when there could be a revolving door at the top of the game.
Give us your favorites and dark horses?
There have been guys over the years who have won this golf tournament whom you [would] least expect to win. There have been guys who won for the first time there, like a Kenny Perry and a Tom Lehman. Then you have Jack, Tom Watson, Fred Couples [who] always played well there, and Tiger with his remarkable record. Muirfield Village is a great showcase for many Hall of Famers, so you think about Justin Thomas, Justin Rose, Rory McIlroy, or Jason Day, who has shown tremendous determination to get back to the top of the rankings. And there are many players who appear ready to add their name to the list of winners.
Journalist and author David Shedloski of Columbus, Ohio, has been covering golf since 1986, first as a daily newspaper reporter and later as a freelance writer for various magazines and Internet outlets. A winner of 23 national writing awards, including 20 for golf coverage, Shedloski is currently a contributing writer for Golf World and GolfDigest.com and serves as editorial director for The Memorial, the official magazine of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio. He is the author of five books and has contributed to three others, including the second edition of “Golf For Dummies,” with Gary McCord. His last book was a collaboration with Arnold Palmer for his final autobiography, “A Life Well Played,” published in 2016. He's a fan of all Cleveland professional sports teams, the poor fellow.
1 of Chicago's bloodiest years ends with 762 homicides
hello
Colin Clark, 12, kisses the cross for his father, 55-year-old Lazane Clark, who was shot to death in February, during a march along Michigan Avenue, Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016, in Chicago. Hundreds of people carried crosses Saturday for each person slain in Chicago this year during the march. (Ashlee Rezin/Chicago Sun-Times via AP) Associated Press
The Rev. Michael Pfleger, third from left, the Rev. Jesse Jackson, second from left, and state Sen. Jacqueline Collins, right, led hundreds in a march down Michigan Avenue, carrying crosses for all those killed by Chicago violence in 2016 and to call for an end to violence in 2017, Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016, in Chicago. (Ashlee Rezin/Chicago Sun-Times via AP) Associated Press
Hundreds of people carry crosses for each person slain in Chicago this year during a quiet march along Michigan Avenue, Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016, in Chicago. (Ashlee Rezin/Chicago Sun-Times via AP) Associated Press
Crosses are displayed for each person slain in Chicago this year during a quiet march along Michigan Avenue, Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016, in Chicago. (Ashlee Rezin/Chicago Sun-Times via AP) Associated Press
FILE - In this Sept. 21, 2016, file photo, Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson speaks during a news conference in Chicago. One of the bloodiest years on record in Chicago ended with 762 homicides and more than 3,500 shooting incidents, in 2016, according to crime statistics released by police on Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. Associated Press
Veronica Aguilera, 31, carries the cross for her husband, Louis Antonio Torres, who was shot to death in November, during a quiet march along Michigan Avenue, Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016, in Chicago. Hundreds of people carried crosses for each person slain in Chicago in 2016 during the march. (Ashlee Rezin/Chicago Sun-Times via AP) Associated Press
CHICAGO -- One of the most violent years in Chicago history ended with a sobering tally: 762 homicides, the most in two decades in the city and more than New York and Los Angeles combined.
The nation's third largest city also saw 1,100 more shooting incidents last year than it did in 2015, according to data released Sunday by the Chicago Police Department. The statistics underline a story of bloodshed that has put Chicago at the center of a national dialogue about gun violence.
The numbers are staggering, even for those who followed the steady news accounts of weekends ending with dozens of shootings and monthly death tolls that hadn't been seen in years. The increase in homicides compared to 2015, when 485 were reported, is the largest spike in 60 years.
Police and city officials have lamented the flood of illegal guns into the city, and the crime statistics appeared to support their claims: Police recovered 8,300 illegal guns in 2016, a 20 percent increase from the previous year.
Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said during a news conference Sunday that Chicago is among many U.S. cities that have seen a spike in violence, including in attacks on police. He said anger at police, including in the wake of video released that showed a white Chicago officer shooting a black teenager 16 times, has left criminals "emboldened" to violent crimes.
He also said it's becoming clearer to criminals that they have little to fear from the criminal justice system.
"In Chicago, we just don't have a deterrent to pick up a gun," he said. "Any time a guy stealing a loaf of bread spends more time pre-trial in jail than a gun offender, something is wrong."
Johnson, who has for months complained about Illinois' lax gun laws, said he thinks more and more gang members are arming themselves because the price for being caught is small compared to other large cities. He said gang members he has spoken to consider the court system "a joke."
The bulk of the deaths and shooting incidents, which jumped from 2,426 in 2015 to 3,550 last year, occurred in only five of the city's 22 police districts on the city's South and West sides, all poor and predominantly black areas where gangs are most active.
Police said the shootings in those areas generally weren't random, with more than 80 percent of the victims having previously been identified by police as more susceptible because of their gang ties or past arrests.
The city has scrambled to address the violence. Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced last year that 1,000 officers would be added to the police department. At the same time, police officials have been trying to figure out why homicides and shootings - which began climbing the year before - suddenly surged.
On Sunday, Johnson said he hoped several initiatives - including more street cameras in some of the city's most dangerous neighborhoods, and the expansion of gunshot-detection systems - would lead to more arrests and drive down the violent crime rate.
Johnson has said several factors have contributed to the increased violence. He noted 2016 was the first full year since the city was forced in November 2015 to release video of the fatal police shooting of Laquan McDonald, the black 17-year-old boy who was shot 16 times by a white police officer.
The video cost former Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy his job, sparked major protests around the city, and led to federal and state investigations of the police department.
It also left Johnson with the task of trying to restore public trust in what appeared to be a weakened police force, a perception that was only buttressed by a dramatic drop in the number of arrests in 2016.
The police department has cited several factors for the declining numbers, including a concerted effort not to make minor drug arrests and focus on gun violence. Johnson pointed to gun arrests and gun seizures as evidence that his officers are aggressively fighting crime.
But critics said they have no doubt that officers have become far more reluctant to do their jobs since the McDonald video was released and the officer who killed the teen was charged with murder.
"It's almost like a pull back so they (gangs) can kill each other sort of thing," said the Rev. Marshall Hatch, a prominent minister in one of Chicago's most dangerous neighborhoods on the West Side.
Johnson acknowledged in a recent interview with The Associated Press that officers have become more cautious - in part out of fear of becoming the next "viral video." He also said a state law that took effect last January requiring officers to fill out lengthy contact cards when they stop someone has resulted in fewer stops, because the cards require more paperwork for officers and the cards are "scrutinized" by federal judges.
He said those concerns are not lost on criminals.
"Criminals watch TV, pay attention to the media," he said. "They see an opportunity to commit nefarious activity."
AUSTIN, Texas — The son of an Austin-area jeweler and the teen's girlfriend are charged with hiring someone to kill his father, who was gunned down in March during a home break-in, authorities said Wednesday.
Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy and Jaclyn Alexa Edison, who are 19 years old and live together in College Station, were arrested Tuesday on a count of criminal solicitation to commit capital murder, Travis County sheriff's officials said. They remained in jail Wednesday, with Shaughnessy's bond set at a $3 million and Edison's at $1 million. Neither had an attorney listed in online jail records.
According to investigators, Shaughnessy's mother, Corey Shaughnessy, called 911 in the early morning hours of March 2 to report an intruder in the home of her and her husband, Theodore Shaughnessy. Deputies sent to the home found Theodore Shaughnessy dead of multiple gunshot wounds. A family dog was also killed. Authorities say the plot called for Corey Shaughnessy to be killed as well, but she was physically unharmed.
The shooter hasn't been caught, but sheriff's spokeswoman Kristen Dark said in a statement that detectives “are following new leads in the case.” She declined to elaborate when later reached by phone.
Theodore Shaughnessy was the owner of Gallerie Jewelers in Austin. The company had posted on its Facebook page in late April that, “We are happy to announce that Nicolas, Ted's son, will be carrying on his legacy here at Gallerie.”
An obituary for the elder Shaughnessy published in the Austin American-Statesman said he was “a proud father to his son, Nicolas.”
In the months before the shooting, Nicolas Shaughnessy approached multiple people asking if they were willing to be paid to kill someone, investigators allege in an arrest affidavit. He estimated that he'd receive some $8 million from the life insurance policies for his parents, from the sale of their home and sale of the jewelry store.
Authorities say they found ammunition in the defendants' home that matched casings found at the crime scene.
We are not obsessed with speed but with network performance, says Digi
'Our 4G LTE network coverage has already reached up to 85 percent of Malaysia's population in 275 cities and towns,' says Digi's Kesavan Sivabalan.
Photo (GraphicStock) - Telecommunications tower
During its 2017 Q1 network update, Digi Telecommunications (Digi) announced that its 4G LTE network coverage had reached up to 85 percent of Malaysia's population in 275 cities and towns by the end of 2016.
In addition, the telco has also expanded its faster LTE-Advanced (LTE-A) network coverage to serve 41 percent of Malaysians in 61 cities and towns, said Digi's chief network officer (CNO) Kesavan Sivabalan to media in KL recently.
However, Computerworld Malaysia noted Sivabalan's emphasis on the company's focus. "We are not obsessed with speed. Two years ago when we started rolling out our 4G LTE network, we were already fast enough to provide a high speed internet experience for our customers to do everything from messaging and social media to streaming video content."
"Instead, we are more focused on building network performance to provide a better and consistent experience with very little lag or buffering," he said.
"We have been aggressively expanding our network across Malaysia over the past year and today, we are thrilled to be able to serve 85 percent of Malaysians with high speed, consistent internet on our 'Network Built for Entertainment'," Sivabalan added.
MCMC report
As Malaysia has an increasingly competitive communications sector, he also cited the recently released report by the national regulator Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission's (MCMC's) - Network Performance Report 2016 - indicating that "Digi's 4G was the best network in Malaysia with the lowest latency and high responsiveness meaning customers experience very little lag when surfing the internet, streaming video or gaming."
Sivabalan said the MCMC report also noted that Digi's 4G LTE network "showed very good consistency in terms of availability and speeds in most regions across Malaysia particularly Sabah, Sarawak, Northern and Southern regions making it the best network for entertainment.""
"However, for customers who want higher internet speeds, we have also been overlaying our network and today offer the widest LTE-A in the country which potentially doubles our internet speed when using LTE-A capable devices," he said, adding that since early 2016, many newly launched devices were LTE-A capable.
Photo - (From left) Low Hui Qi, Chief Network Officer Apprentice; Sivakumar Nagaretnam, Head of Network Planning; Kesavan Sivabalan, Chief Network Officer; and Cheong Chen Hoong, Head of Radio Access Planning, Network Planning
Sivabalan said customers looking for new telecommunications technology "are also in for a treat as Digi now offers Voice-over-LTE (VoLTE) at all its 4G LTE sites which offers high definition voice calls and faster call connection. In the pipeline is Voice-over-WiFi technology which will be launched soon."
In addition, he said: "The 900MHz spectrum that we will activate in July will be a game changer. With it, customers will see significant improvements such as stronger indoor coverage, wider outdoor coverage and better internet capacity."
"Our network has been reliant on our 1800MHz and 2600MHz spectrums which come with lower coverage area and less ideal indoor coverage," he said. "Our new 900MHz spectrum gives many advantages."
"For indoor coverage, customers will see much stronger signal and because it has a wider coverage area, customers will also see improvements outdoors," said Sivabalan. "In addition, when layered with our 1800MHz and 2600MHz spectrums, customers will experience better network capacity to stream their favourite videos and play games which makes Digi the Network Built for Entertainment'."
This article first appeared on Computerworld Malaysia 16 February 2017.
1
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Citic to take writedown of up to $1bn on Australian mine
Call it a post-workout happy hour. Or a literal beer run.
Welcome to South Florida's beer running clubs, where runners knock back refreshing pints of craft beer after finishing their 5Ks.
Local breweries, footwear companies and even hotels organize weekly jogs to celebrate the joys of exercise and beer drinking, enticing athletes to these clubs with promises of free brews, back massages, parlor games and low-calorie fruits and snacks. Socializing after the run is a major part of the draw.
The free beer is nice, but it always takes a back seat to general fitness, says Ashley Spurlock, who organizes the weekly Funky Fun Run, a 3.1-mile jog along A1A that ends with a pint of Funky Buddha beer on the pool deck of the Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort.
“You don't have a bunch of people standing around looking like they have a bunch of beer bellies,” Spurlock says. “These runners are pretty hardcore. When you have a healthy lifestyle, what's one beer after a run, right?”
For runners, scenic backdrops are likewise part of the fun. Courses take joggers along the palm tree-lined A1A on Fort Lauderdale beach and through the mural-covered streets of the Wynwood art district.
Below are five beer running clubs in Broward, Palm Beach and Miami-Dade counties:
Annie Burke/Courtesy The Salty Fun Run 5K meets the third Sunday of the month at SaltWater Brewery in Delray Beach. The Salty Fun Run 5K meets the third Sunday of the month at SaltWater Brewery in Delray Beach. (Annie Burke/Courtesy)
Salty Fun Run 5K
Where and when: Third Sunday of the month at SaltWater Brewery, 1701 W. Atlantic Ave., Delray Beach; RunDelrayBeach.com
The course: The run/walk begins at SaltWater, heads north to Lake Ida Road and east along Congress Avenue. Once they reach Spady Elementary School, runners then double-back the way they came.
The fun stuff: The brainchild of Annie Burke, chief operating officer of the footwear store Delray Beach Running Company, the Salty Fun Run began 18 months ago as a way to drive more foot traffic to downtown Delray Beach. The event is an offshoot of a similar gathering she hosts called Tap it on the Ave, a type of pub crawl with running.
The longtime Delray resident says runners receive a free ticket for the SaltWater beer of their choice after the jog, followed by parlor games outside the brewery such as giant Jenga and hula-hoop contests.
“Beer and running goes hand in hand,” Burke says. “You're hot and sweating and it's perfect to have something cold and refreshing afterward. That's the big difference between having a pint and throwing back a six-pack.
World of Beer Coconut Creek/Courtesy Runners gather for a post-race beer during a recent run at World of Beer Coconut Creek. Runners gather for a post-race beer during a recent run at World of Beer Coconut Creek. (World of Beer Coconut Creek/Courtesy)
World of Beer Run Clubs
Where and when: 7-8 p.m. Wednesdays at World of Beer Plantation, 1387 S. University Drive; and 7-8 p.m. Tuesdays at World of Beer Coconut Creek, 4437 Lyons Road, Suite E-101
The course: In Plantation, runners begin at the beer pub, trek west along Peters Road to Pine Island Road and head back. In Coconut Creek, runners begin at the pub, head west on Wiles Road to the entrance of Monarch High School, and double-back to Lyons Road. From there, participants head north on Lyons, hang a left on Hilton Road and turn around at the dead-end back to Wiles. Finally, runners head north on Lyons again, turn left onto Winston Park Boulevard, turn around at Northwest 50th Terrace back to Lyons and head south to World of Beer.
The fun stuff: Along with a post-race brew at the pubs (some 50 varieties are on tap), there are snacks and beer discounts.
Concrete Beach Brewery/Courtesy The Concrete Cavalry Run Club loops around Wynwood and downtown Miami. The Concrete Cavalry Run Club loops around Wynwood and downtown Miami. (Concrete Beach Brewery/Courtesy)
Concrete Cavalry Run Club
Where and when: 7-8 p.m. the last Wednesday of the month at Concrete Beach Brewery, 325 NW 24th St., Miami; ConcreteBeachBrewery.com
The course: The 3.1-mile run begins in front of the taproom, loops around Wynwood, treks east to Biscayne Boulevard, south to Bayfront Park, and west through downtown Miami before ending at the taproom.
The fun stuff: After the run, hosted by Miami footwear store Footworks, all Concrete Beach Brewery pints cost $4.
Running for Brews Fort Lauderdale
Where and when: 7 p.m. Tuesdays at Bull Market, 210 SW Second St., Fort Lauderdale; RunningForBrews.com
The course: The 5K used to switch up its host venues, but now begins in Himmarshee Village in front of Bull Market. The route incorporates the sidewalks on both sides of the New River and loops back to Himmarshee.
The fun stuff: There aren't any free post-race beers at Bull Market, and all drinks are normal price, but the club does draw four runners' names randomly each week for a free beer.
Michael Laughlin / Sun Sentinel Bruce Roy, general manager of the Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort, and Don Wennerstrom, owner of Running Wild host a weekly Funky Fun Run, rain or shine. Bruce Roy, general manager of the Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort, and Don Wennerstrom, owner of Running Wild host a weekly Funky Fun Run, rain or shine. (Michael Laughlin / Sun Sentinel)
Funky Fun Run
Where and when: 6:30-8:30 p.m. every Thursday at Running Wild, 2563 E. Sunrise Blvd., Fort Lauderdale; RunningWild.com/Funky-Fun-Run
The course: Perhaps the most picturesque of the beer runs, runners depart from Running Wild, an athletic footwear store across the street from the Galleria Mall. The course then bends south along the breezy A1A drag and ends on the pool deck of the Westin Fort Lauderdale Beach Resort (321 N. Fort Lauderdale Beach Blvd., Fort Lauderdale). A Westin van then transports runners back to Running Wild.
The fun stuff: Westin's hotel manager Bruce Roy started the Funky Fun Run after stopping by the shoe store, and hatched the running club with Running Wild owner Don Wennerstrom. Ashley Spurlock, the hotel's spa and fitness director, organizes the Funky Fun Runs now, and says the club appeals as much to locals as hotel guests, who use the runs as a way to discover Fort Lauderdale's beaches and restaurants.
“It's a balance of the tranquil and the scenic,” Spurlock says of the Funky Fun Run. “You're getting this fresh ocean air, and at the same time you're getting into the heart of Fort Lauderdale.”
On average, 100 runners participate in weekly runs, which include a post-race pint of Funky Buddha beer on the Westin's pool deck, along with fruit, nuts, water and sometimes back massages.
pvalys@southflorida.com or 954-356-4364
A leading investor in equity line of credit (ELOC) transactions, Kodiak offers a variety of financing solutions to public companies
NEWPORT BEACH, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Kodiak Capital Group, LLC ("Kodiak"), a leading manager of multiple funds focused on making venture investments in public companies, today announced that it is allocating a larger portion of its funds to "at-the-market transactions" (ATMs), including equity lines of credit (also known as standby equity distribution agreements), which currently represent 15% of Kodiak's portfolio. According to market data firm Placement Tracker, at-the-market transactions have become the most prevalent method for public companies to raise capital in recent years.
With a dedicated senior-level team, Kodiak continues to be a top provider of equity line offerings, having originated more than 125 ELOC transactions since 2009 -- more than any other similar fund -- with 22 in 2016 alone. Kodiak's additional portfolio investments consist of equity and debt holdings acquired from creative proprietary structures, follow-on offerings including confidentially marketed public offerings (CMPOs) and registered direct offerings (RDOs), initial public offerings (IPOs), and private investment in public equity (PIPEs).
ATM transactions allow public companies to sell shares from time-to-time based on the current market price of their shares. ATMs have certain advantages over the traditional offering model, including timing and pricing control, minimal market impact, and minimal management involvement.
Kodiak enables companies to raise incremental capital at the most opportune times to take advantage of positive stock momentum and increased demand. Not only does the fund manager provide both balance sheet and capital markets flexibility by offering continued access to the equity capital markets, it allows public companies to better match sources and uses of funds for the foreseeable future.
Kodiak's Managing Member Ryan Hodson said, "At-the-market offerings are an important tool for an issuer's financing toolkit, providing greater control, allowing public companies seeking growth capital to be more strategic in their approach, and affording them a greater measure of control over the process. ATMs (including ELOCs) are much more flexible and tend to be less expensive than other types of offerings, which can be critical for lower profile, emerging companies seeking to manage dilution to existing shareholders."
Kodiak became a consistent leader in equity line investing for almost a decade due to the capital markets expertise of its management team and the strength of its advisory board, back-end data support staff, and broader distribution platform, which enables it to provide its portfolio companies with a differentiated suite of strategic products.
"Because Kodiak has developed into a leading fund manager for equity line transactions, and due to the increasing market demand for at-the-market transactions, we continue to see opportunities for our funds to provide companies across all industries access to what we believe to be the most effective, efficient, and accretive methods of raising capital," stated Hodson.
"While equity lines represent a small portion of its business, Kodiak, as a solutions-oriented investor dedicated to meeting the needs of its clients, remains committed to the product now more so than ever. Our ability to innovate and adapt the structure across all sectors has enabled us to assist our portfolio companies navigate unpredictable market environments and utilize cost-effective ways to access the capital markets. As a result, we have decided to allocate a larger portion of our capital to equity lines, and we will continue to develop creative and strategic methods of utilizing ATM offerings to enhance our portfolio companies' cash and working capital needs."
For more information on Kodiak's investment objectives, philosophies, and criteria, please email investments@kodiakfunds.com and follow the company on its social media channels:
Twitter (@KodiakCapital): http://twitter.com/kodiakcapital
Facebook (@KodiakCapital): http://www.facebook.com/kodiakcapital
Subscribe to Kodiak's newsletter at http://www.kodiak-capital.us/contact/
About Kodiak Capital Group, LLC
Founded in 2009, Kodiak Capital Group, LLC pursues non-control equity and debt investments in lower middle market public companies, with a specific focus on niche-market leaders that provide high-margin products or services. Kodiak targets investments in a wide range of industries and market sectors, with a focus on consumer products, life sciences, and social media technology, and has engaged in approximately 300 transactions with 225 companies. For more information on Kodiak Capital Group, LLC, please visit www.kodiakfunds.com.
Girls soccer: Scoreless draw for Maine West, Rolling Meadows
hello
The girls soccer teams from Maine West and Rolling Meadows fought through some nasty weather conditions in addition to one another for 80 minutes Monday afternoon, and when it was over, this annual nonconference match ended in a scoreless draw.
"This is the first time here that we haven't been on the other end of a loss, so this is a big confidence boost for this team," said Warriors coach Jeff Bishop, who has watched his club get out to its best start during his five years in charge. "We came in at 3-0-0, but this was easily our toughest opponent to date.
"Mike (Drenth) does a great job with his girls. They play hard and defend real well also, and we had to be at our best in the second half when they had the wind at their back, and they attacked with a lot of energy and numbers."
The wind roared through Robert Hoese Field, making it feel more like the middle of winter than the beginning of spring.
"It wasn't fun out there for either team, but I really feel like we played our best soccer in the second half against a team which is much closer to our level of talent right now after two tough games to start our season," said Rolling Meadows senior Sara Sheridan, who ran the Mustangs' attack with plenty of pace and purpose.
Sheridan and Natalie Anderson are among just a handful of returning players from last year's club, which graduated 12 players, most of them starters.
"Lack of effort is one thing I'll never have to be concerned about with this team," said Drenth. "It's just that we have so many players with little or no varsity experience, so it's going to take some time to sort things out."
Sheridan, Anderson, Melissa Spiwak and Sophia Salemi were at the heart of the Mustangs' second-half attack, which came close on a couple of quality chances and generated a handful of others.
"We had to defend a lot more than we wanted to in that second half, but then again, Rolling Meadows was so much better than our first three opponents, so we had to be at our best today, especially with the wind at their backs," said Maine West captain and standout central defender Sarah Magnoni.
Bishop was quick to praise keeper Gabry Faraone, who came to the rescue for the Warriors in the second half with sure-handed saves on wind-aided strikes from the Mustangs (0-2-1).
"Gabry came through big for us, which is what we'll expect from her all season long," said Bishop.
The senior stopped Spiwak in the 57th minute, and later, when Kylie Konar unloaded a 35-yard freekick blast directly on frame.
Konar likely stopped a potential 1v1 opportunity for Vanessa Reyes when Dylan Van Fleet put her teammate through by reading the situation perfectly. Konar slid over from the back post to tackle Reyes at the spot at 55 minutes.
Van Fleet was outstanding as the Warriors' playmaker and 50-50 ball winner all afternoon. But in the final 10 minutes of regulation, the sophomore was forced to drop deeper to help her teammates defend the one-way attacking traffic of the Mustangs.
"This was a good test for us today, and it was the type of game that will help us get ready for play in the CSL when it begins," said Bishop.
The Warriors, who defeated Taft, Wheeling and Grant before today, travel to Ridgewood on Thursday for another nonconference contest.
Next up for the Mustangs is a visit from Mundelein on Wednesday before finishing up the week on the road at Maine East on the next day.
The mother of Keith Richards' two children, actress Anita Pallenberg, has died at age 73.
The Italian-German star dated Rolling Stones legend Keith from 1967 to 1980 and the former couple have two children, Marlon, 46, and Angela, 44. They also had a third child together, son Tara, but he tragically died of cot death at 10 weeks.
Her death was announced by close friend Stella Schnabel, daughter of American painter and filmmaker Julian Schnabel, on social media on Tuesday night.
Sharing a snap of herself and Anita, Stella wrote: “I have never met a woman quite like you Anita. I don't think there is anybody in this universe like you. No one has ever understood me so well. You showed about life and myself and how to grow and become and exist with it all. I was a little girl thinking I was big but I became a woman through knowing you. The secret lyrical you. My best friend.
“The greatest woman I have ever known. Thank you for the most important lessons – because they are ever changing and definitive. Like you. We are all singing for you, how you liked it. Go in peace my Roman mother, you will always be in my heart.”
Anita famously dated Rolling Stones founding member Brian Jones after initially meeting the band at a concert in 1965 in Munich, Germany. They were together for two years, but split after Brian allegedly became abusive. According to reports, it was when Keith saw Brian hitting Anita when they were on holiday in Morocco in 1967 that he stepped in, put Anita in his car and took her back to England. She and Keith dated from that point onwards.
As well as dating Brian and Keith, she is also said to have had a fling with Mick Jagger.
Bebe Buell, the mother of actress Liv Tyler, described Anita as the “official sixth Stone” in her touching tribute to her late friend, writing: “There was none more beautiful, more unique and more inspiring!' ‘The official ‘sixth Stone'… I will love you forever, dearest Anita. ‘Sleep with the special angels, Gods & Goddesses… RIP.”
Keith has yet to comment on Anita's passing on his social media pages.
In addition to hitting headlines with her personal life, Anita was also a successful actress, initially finding fame in 1970 thriller Performance, before going on to star in films including the iconic sci-fi classic Barbarella in 1968.
wenn.com
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Chinese fantasy role playing game has 50m active players
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
In September, researchers, manufacturers and end users of whey protein from around the world gathered in Chicago for the eighth International Whey Conference. A key takeaway from the conference is that whey protein continues to be the “gold standard” for fueling muscle protein synthesis (MPS).
However, whey protein will face significant competition in coming years from plant proteins. Some food and beverage manufacturers will choose to combine whey with plant proteins or other nutrients to create fortified foods for special populations. Three speakers from the conference shared the latest updates on optimizing nutrition, taste and functionality in protein-fortified foods.
Whey, leucine blends show promise
The optimal dosage of protein to maximize MPS and retention will depend on both age and body weight. Research has shown that 0.25-gram/kilogram body mass of high-quality protein (equivalent to approximately 20 grams for a 70-kilogram male) is necessary for maximal stimulation of MPS in young adults. Whey protein contains the highest level of leucine of any protein, and research has shown that leucine is a trigger for MPS. Blending whey with leucine might create unique fortified foods for special populations.
“A 20-gram serving of whey protein contains approximately 3 grams of leucine and is sufficient to robustly stimulate/trigger translation initiation and MPS in most healthy adults,” said Doug Paddon-Jones, Ph.D., professor of aging and health, University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, Texas. “Consuming a smaller — e.g., 10-gram — serving of whey fortified with additional leucine may provide some anabolic advantage … but the effect is rapidly saturable.
“Individuals whose ability to consume regular quantities of food/supplements is compromised may benefit from leucine-fortified whey protein,” he added. “This could include populations with strict energy requirements — e.g., bariatric surgery patients — or pronounced issues with satiety, nausea, etc.”
Whey, plant protein blends warrant more study
Many successful products combine dairy protein with plant proteins to provide a functional or cost-savings benefit. However, there is scant information about the nutritional equivalency of these blends, according to Oliver C. Witard, Ph.D., senior lecturer, physiology, exercise and nutrition research, University of Stirling, Scotland.
“The protein blend administered in published scientific studies consists of 75% dairy protein and 25% soy protein,” he noted. “Hence, the contribution of the lower-quality protein source — i.e., soy) — to the protein blend is minimal. While these studies report a similar muscle anabolic response between whey and protein blend conditions, these findings are likely due to the large contribution of dairy protein to the protein blend.
“Future work is required to compare a protein blend consisting of a larger proportion … of lower-quality protein to the protein blend,” he added. “To date, no study has characterized the optimal dose of a protein blend to maximize the stimulation of MPS at rest or following exercise.”
Other non-protein nutrients may enhance MPS, particularly with older adults who have a blunted response to dietary protein.
“There is evidence in older adults that combining omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids with protein augments the stimulation of MPS. However, we have not been able to replicate this finding in young adults, at least when an optimal dose of protein is consumed,” Witard noted.
Ingredient functionality
To succeed, protein-fortified foods, whether developed using a single protein source or a blend, must have consumer appeal. Advances in whey manufacturing have created whey ingredients with mild flavor profiles that can be incorporated into products with an extended shelf life.
“Overall, you want whey protein ingredients that undergo minimal changes over time. Modifications that prevent cross-linking between proteins or swelling of protein particles should help minimize bar hardening,” said Allen Foegeding, Ph.D., Department of Food, Bioprocessing and Nutrition Sciences, North Carolina State University, Raleigh, N.C. “In beverages, the key is to minimize
changes caused by the thermal process. Undesirable changes include generation of off flavors and extensive aggregation of proteins. Any modification that would slow aggregation, or direct aggregation to stop at a small particle size, should be beneficial.”
Savvy attendees at the conference also explored emerging markets, applications and technologies for protein fortification. Innovative processing of whey ingredients, coupled with increasingly precise methods of measuring their nutritional benefit, should allow dairy proteins to securely compete with and complement plant proteins well into the next decade.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Nightclub terror shatters Turkish hopes of fresh start to 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Getty Images CIA Director Mike Pompeo is reportedly being considered to replace Rex Tillerson as secretary of state.
Advisers to President Donald Trump are floating the idea of replacing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, Axios reported Friday.
“We're told that Trump is quite comfortable with Pompeo,” the story says. The same piece says that Trump's relationship with Tillerson is “broken beyond repair,” according to unnamed insiders. Earlier this week, Tillerson insisted he and Trump are on the same page on foreign policy, but did not deny calling the president a “moron” at a Pentagon meeting in July.
Done with Pelosi: Rep. Linda Sanchez of California says it's time for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and two top lieutenants to prepare to step down and make way for the next generation of lawmakers. The Washington Post says the comments by Sanchez, the fifth-ranking House Democrat, are the most explicit by a senior congressional Democrat about Pelosi's political future. Pelosi faced a stronger-than-anticipated challenge to her leadership post last fall after Democrats failed to take back the House.
“I do think it's time to pass a torch to a new generation of leaders, and I want to be a part of that transition,” Sanchez said in an interview. She also said House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer of Maryland and House Assistant Minority Leader James Clyburn of South Carolina should prepare to step down.
Democrats to give away Weinstein donations: The New York Times reports congressional Democrats began to give away some of the thousands of dollars in campaign contributions they have received from Harvey Weinstein, moving to distance themselves from the Hollywood producer after revelations he reached at least eight settlements with women accusing him of sexual harassment. Sens. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, Martin Heinrich of New Mexico and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts each said they would transfer money to charity in amounts equal to donations they'd received from Weinstein. The donations ranged from $5,600 to $5,000. Other Democratic lawmakers were expected to follow suit Friday, the Times said.
See: As Harvey Weinstein is accused of ‘decades' of sexual harassment, why such lawsuits haven't fallen since the 1990s.
Who encouraged Trump's Twitter habit? President Trump's first wife, Ivana, tells CBS in an interview airing Sunday that it was she who encouraged her ex-husband to use Twitter to bypass the media.
“I said, ‘I think you should tweet. It's a new way, a new technology,'” she said in a “CBS Sunday Morning” interview scheduled to air this weekend. Politico has more on Trump's ex-wife, who said, “And if you want to get your words across rightly, without telling the New York Times, which is going to twist every single word of yours, this is how you get your message out.”
Others, meanwhile, are urging Trump to ease up. “Now is the time for President Trump to stop his insulting tweets,” Sen. Bernie Sanders, a Vermont independent, wrote in an op-ed for El Nuevo Dia. His piece was about aiding Puerto Rico.
Condé Nast acquires independent music site Pitchfork Pitchfork, which made its reputation as a chronicler of the independent music scene, has been acquired by Condé Nast, a unit of the Newhouse-owned media giant Advance Publications. That acquisition...
Publishing company pays $500M in 'move' towards data Even for the intensely private family behind the Advance/Newhouse publishing empire, the message seemed clear: the company is moving away from its core media business. Last week, Advance — which...
Pink slips to fly at Parade after sale of magazine The sale of 73-year-old Parade magazine will lead to layoffs for most of the 85 staffers in its New York office, The Post has learned. Athlon Media Group announced on...
Merseyside Police have announced that two Italian men have been arrested for attempted murder after an assault before Liverpool's Champions League semi-final against Roma at Anfield left a 53-year-old Irish man in a critical condition.
Police said that the unnamed man, who was believed to have travelled to the game with his brother, had been attacked outside the ground with a belt and suffered a head injury.
They added that the victim's family have been notified and appealed for anyone who may have witnessed the attack or had further information to contact them.
The statement said: "Merseyside Police can confirm that two men, aged 25 and 26 years from Rome, have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 53-year-old man was seriously injured before the Champions League semi-final game this evening.
"The man (sic) was arrested inside the ground after officers carried out a number of proactive inquiries in a bid to identify those involved in the incident.
"Officers were called to the Albert public house at about 7.35pm following reports that a man, believed to be 53 years from Ireland, had been seriously assaulted.
"Paramedics attended at the scene and the victim, who suffered a head injury, was taken to Walton Neurological Centre where his condition is described as critical."
Pre-match trouble outside Anfield started when group of Roma fans arrived via Venmore St, burst on to Walton Breck Rd & attacked, many using belts. #LFC fan knocked to floor & received lengthy medical treatment. Skirmishes, projectiles, at least 1 hammer in hand, police arrived pic.twitter.com/Yaby4q5f0Y — David Ornstein (@bbcsport_david) April 24, 2018
Liverpool FC issued a statement saying the club was "shocked and appalled".
"Our thoughts, in the first instance, are with the victim and his family at this very traumatic time. We will be offering them our full support."
Clips posted to Twitter showed clashes between supporters, ambulances in attendance and suggestions that a group of Roma fans had used belts and a hammer as weapons.
Merseyside Police later announced that seven other men had been arrested for various offences including affray, assault, possession of offensive weapons, possession of a controlled drug, criminal damage and being drunk and disorderly
There was an increased police presence around the stadium after Manchester City's team bus had its windows smashed by bottles and cans prior to the quarter-final earlier this month.
The team arrivals passed with no repeat but there were plenty of red flares despite specific requests from the authorities not to bring such pyrotechnics.
Liverpool fans were even pictured waving flares from the roof of a police van, though with no apparent aggravation.
Liverpool City Council had provided police with mobile CCTV prior to the match.
Twenty-four-year-old tanning shop assistant Charlie Williams is looking for an innovative date.
Advertisement
“My last date, when I was in Australia, this guy took me on a bungee jump – it was insane, but it really stuck,” she says. “I don't know how someone could top that.
She says she's a little bit tired of modern dating. “I like the idea that the show is about old-fashioned dating. Going back to basics, no phones, no Instagram, just making conversation. This will be the maddest experience I've ever had to find love, but I've tried everything else!”
Advertisement
Who is Charlie's type on paper?
As a genuine gal looking for a genuine guy, she's naturally attracted to fan-favourite Alex, who has been unlucky in love thus far in the series.
“In a nutshell I want someone nice, hardworking and someone who wants to be in a genuine relationship. I really like Alex – I like him more the more that I watch the show. His values are so strong. I think we'd have a lot in common.”
You may have seen a picture on Twitter or Instagram but by now, Bark-Andre-Furry has become a household name, at least in Las Vegas.
The Jack Russell Terrier is a social media star. With the following of a dedicated Vegas Golden Knights fan base, he has racked up thousands of Twitter and Instagram followers.
His chauffeur, dog dad, and number one fan, Rick Williams, said after Las Vegas was awarded the expansion team he made the decision that he wanted to give his dog, originally named Fenway, a proper hockey name. Once the team drafted Marc-Andre Fleury, he played around with names, switched a couple letters and came up with Bark-Andre Furry.
Williams said he interacted with Vegas Golden Knights fans and they asked when the famous hockey pooch would get his own jersey.
"A couple weeks ago I went out and purchased an infant-sized jersey because the dog jerseys could not be personalized," Williams said. He had his name put on the jersey at The Arsenal Pro Shop at City National Arena and posted it online. "That's kind of where everything took off."
The NHL posted a picture of the staff at The Arsenal Pro Shop holding the jersey, Williams explained. Afterward, he said his phone would not stop buzzing. "My phone was bouncing off the counter. I thought my blender was left on," he said.
Bark-Andre Furry's momentum didn't stop there.
Williams said they met Fleury at City National Arena on Thursday.
"He didn't want to meet me. He wanted to meet the dog," Williams said.
Fleury told Williams that his wife saw Bark-Andre Furry on social media and the Golden Knights goaltender wanted to meet him.
Bark-Andre Furry is captivating hearts on and off the ice. Williams said he is handling his new-found fame with stride; "he loves it. you've seen him. He takes over the room."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Island being evacuated of all tourists #statueofliberty pic.twitter.com/mkcPqBzdqE — Sarah Melv (@sarah_eyebrows) July 4, 2018
Liberty Island is being evacuated after a woman began scaling the State of Liberty on July 4. ABC New York reports that there could be more than one person involved.
BREAKING: Park Police says a woman is currently scaling the Statue of Liberty. She is about halfway up the monument. If she doesn't will come down, we are told police will have to repel down the monument to get her. Currently NYPD helicopter is hovering over scene. pic.twitter.com/Pa1Nt2K6Iy — Bryan Llenas (@BryanLlenas) July 4, 2018
Police trying to talk person off the statue. pic.twitter.com/hA5TW4ghcd — Kurt Siegelin (@kurtsiegelin) July 4, 2018
Earlier on America's Independence Day, a group was arrested for unfurling a banner reading, “Abolish I.C.E.,” reported NBC New York. In total, ten people were taken into custody. The station says that the climber has made it as far as the middle of the statue. The evacuation of the island is purely precautionary.
Bottom left corner, he's still there. We've all been evacuated to the docks. Happy Fourth pic.twitter.com/ooeevDFWR4 — Danny Owens (@HelloDannyOwens) July 4, 2018
CBS New York reports that police on the scene are attempting to negotiate with the woman. If she does not come down of her own accord, officers will be required to repel down the monument to remove her.
Rise and Resist is at the Statue of Liberty demanding Trump and the GOP #AbolishICE, reunite families now, halt deportations, and end detention as a deterrent. #EndFamilySeparation #AbolishCBP #FreeOurFuture #HereToStay pic.twitter.com/nn2GHwYQIV — Rise and Resist (@riseandresistny) July 4, 2018
The group Rise and Resist New York claimed responsibility for the banner. The group said on their Facebook page, “Rise and Resist was at the Statue of Liberty demanding Trump and the GOP #AbolishICE, reunite families now, halt deportations, and end detention as a deterrent. Activists were arrested. #EndFamilySeparation #AbolishCBP #FreeOurFuture #HereToStay.” The group said in a tweet that the woman climbing the statue is not related to their protest. Rise and Resist New York said, “The Climber on the Statue of Liberty has no connection to our #abolishice action earlier today.”
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal near 42nd Street and 8th Avenue.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for all the latest breaking news
Hollywood legend Mel Gibson could be heading to Hawick if an audacious bid to stage the world premiere of a new blockbuster film in the town comes to fruition.
Gibson plays Denholm-born headteacher James Murray, one of the creators of the Oxford English Dictionary, in the forthcoming movie The Professor and the Madman.
Mel Gibson in The Professor and the Madman, playing James Murray.
The film, co-starring Sean Penn, is currently embroiled in a legal wrangle in the US threatening to delay its opening.
But Hawick councillors Stuart Marshall and Watson McAteer have written to the film's producers to request that they consider the town as a location to stage its premiere.
Instead of London's Leicester Square, often the scene of top movie premieres, they asked that, given the film's local connection, they pick Mr Murray's home town instead.
The elected members have received an acknowledgment of their request, and although they've been informed such an offer is “unlikely” to be taken up, they've been told that “other options may become available”.
Mel Gibson as William Wallace in the 1995 film Braveheart.
Hawick and Hermitage councillor Mr McAteer said: “We have been in contact with the producers of The Professor and the Madman asking for a premiere in Hawick.
“At the moment, the legal wrangle has got in the way.
“There has been a response indicating that it would be unlikely that such a premiere could take place but that other options may become available.
“Whatever is ultimately decided, it would be a tremendous boost for the town if an internationally-renowned actor playing the part of a famous Hawick son was part of some acknowledgement at a local level.”
Hawick and Denholm councillor Mr Marshall added: “Earlier this year, both Watson McAteer and myself penned a letter to the director of the movie, inviting the cast to consider using our town to premiere or showcase what will, I'm sure, be a very interesting film.
“What a scoop for our town if it were possible for us to play host to such an array of stars, and I know that all of us in Hawick would certainly roll out the red carpet with great excitement.”
Murray was born in Denholm in 1837 and died in Oxfordshire in 1915 at the age of 78. He left the Borders in 1856 in search of milder weather and took charge of the dictionary project in 1879, overseeing it until his death.
The Hawick Grammar School teacher will be the second Scot to be played by US-born but Australian-raised Gibson, 61, following his portrayal of William Wallace in 1995's Braveheart.
The Haunting Moment Avicii Predicts His Early Death In A Documentary About His Life
A documentary that followed Avicii for four years reveals the true extent of the enormous strain his schedule and lifestyle had on him and even sees the DJ predict his untimely death...
A documentary about Avicii's life chronicles the extent of the strain and exhaustion of his schedule and even shows the DJ discussing how he fears he will suffer an early death. The swedish DJ was found dead in his hotel room on Friday whilst on holiday in Oman with his friends.
After shooting to fame in 2011 with 'Levels' and becoming one of the most famous DJs of our time and his intense touring lifestyle saw him complete over 800 shows before he retired due to his deteriorating health in 2016.
The footage includes a recording of him explaining how he hates being the centre of attention and finds it weird that the spotlight is focused on him. Other clips reveal his gruelling travel routine and moments of him breaking down into tears.
The DJ, whose real name is Tim Bergling, is even shown writing his open letter to the public which includes the haunting line ''I have a weird feeling I would be dead without you.''
Picture: Instagram
The film's director Levan Tsikurishvili wanted to show the world ''about Tim as a person and not only about Avicii. Everybody knows Avicii but very few people know Tim. Being a worldwide superstar artist is not as easy as it looks on Instagram.”
Now, in these heartbreaking circumstances, the content of the documentary can be understood with more sympathy by the world. It was released in October of last year, after Avicii had retired from music, and although he had released new music he did not resume performing. His death was ruled not suspicious.
Download Our Shiny New App For All The Latest Music News
Watch Liam Payne discuss 1D reunion plans
««« return to Daily Wine News index
Wine on tap is the next big thing
“It's just getting people to realise that even if it comes out of a keg, it can be the same, if not better quality than what comes out of the bottle,” said Philip Rich, general manager of wine for The Lucas Group. “The first screwcap wines came out in the early 2000s and diners would send it back. Seventeen years later, everyone accepts screw caps.” Source, News
The International Criminal Court is considering whether to authorize an official war crimes inquiry for Afghanistan.
Judges from the ICC in The Hague will consider written submissions from victims.
The suspected perpetrators include not only the Taliban and ISIS, but also Afghan government forces and even the US CIA.
Submissions have been collected by the non-profit group “Reprieve,” and given to the ICC on behalf of Afghans who accuse the US of mistreatment.
“[Reprieve] said that they had been tortured,” says the BBC's Secunder Kermani, “that they had been humiliated; that they'd been placed in stress positions for extended periods of time; that they had been beaten on the genitals; and that they had been psychologically abused. They believe that these abuses were carried out at the behest of top commanders.”
Reprieve said this included CIA leaders and even American political figures.
It seems most of the complainants were detainees at a facility at Bagram Air Base, north of Kabul, operated by US intelligence. Some of these men were subsequently detained at Guantanamo — where some are still held.
The period under investigation begins in May 2003, when Afghanistan joined the ICC.
The US is not a member of the ICC.
“The US authorities,” says Kermani, “have basically said that while they do believe that it's important that the insurgent groups like the Taliban are held to account, that they believe an ICC investigation is unwarranted and unjustified.”
The ICC's deadline for submissions from victims and their representatives ended on Jan. 31. “The judges will now be looking at those submissions and other legal arguments,” says Kermani, “to decide whether to authorize this request by the prosecutor to open an investigation. It could be months. It could be longer.”
From PRI's The World ©2017 PRI
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear […]
Amber Tamblyn under fire for blasting Hasidic Jews on Twitter "This is not the first time a man from the Hasidic community in NYC has attempted to harm me or other women I know," the actress tweeted.
Rose McGowan and 'Charmed' co-star take on Amber Tamblyn After Rose McGowan slammed actresses for planning to protest in all black at the Golden Globes, Amber Tamblyn shot back.
Why women are no longer standing by their man For women married to political titans, “stand by your man” has long been the rule of thumb. Few can forget how Hillary Clinton remained loyal to husband Bill through a...
Quentin Tarantino 'heartbroken' over Weinstein accusations "I need a few more days to process my pain, emotions, anger and memory and then I will speak publicly about it," Tarantino said in a statement.
Chantè Moore is back and brining some new music to us. The song “One Love,” is all about falling for someone and not wanting anyone else. This new single has a fun beat and even features Lewis Sky, who blends so well with her voice.
Follow @TheRSMS
One of the lines, “After you there is no one else,” just tells the story of never leaving the love you found. This song will leave the fans wanting more from her. Tell us what you think of the new song from Chantè Moore.
Listen to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” 6am ET.
RELATED: Chante Moore Accused Of Financing Album With Dirty Money
RELATED: Snoop Dogg Feat. Rance Allen “Blessing Me Again” [NEW MUSIC VIDEO]
RELATED: Drake “Nice For What” [NEW MUSIC VIDEO]
The Latest:
The North Country softball team and Lake Region's baseball and softball teams all picked up wins on Tuesday during their opening round playoff games.
For the full story from each game, see the Express on 5-31-18.
Illinois Moves To Implement Internet Privacy Safeguards
Democratic lawmakers in Illinois are considering implementing their own internet safeguards at the state level after Republicans in Washington voted to roll back Obama-era internet privacy protections that were to take effect later this year. An Illinois House committee on Thursday endorsed two online privacy measures, including one that would allow people to find out what information companies such as Google and Facebook have collected on them and which third parties they share it with. California enacted a similar measure in 2005. Privacy advocates say such state protections are needed, particularly given what's happening in Washington, where the Republican-controlled Congress voted to block broadband privacy regulations issued during the end of the Obama administration. President Donald Trump has indicated he will sign the measure. Those regulations placed restrictions on what companies such as Comcast and Verizon can do with information including user search histories, not websites. But privacy advocates say the move sends a clear signal that it's up to individual states to step up. "People are looking to us now to provide protections for consumers," state Rep. Arthur Turner, a Chicago Democrat who proposed the "right to know" bill, said during Thursday's hearing. The tech industry is largely against the proposed requirements, saying they would burden companies with an unnecessary layer of regulation and compliance costs, and that they'd stifle innovation. Tyler Diers, a spokesman for the Illinois Chamber of Commerce, said the proposal treats basic information such as names, addresses and phone numbers as "highly sensitive," extending requirements beyond corporate tech giants to other businesses like restaurants that offer online ordering services. Carl Szabo, senior policy counsel at the online business trade group NetChoice, testified at the House hearing that consumer privacy is already protected under laws such as Illinois' 2008 Biometric Information Privacy Act and existing federal law requiring privacy policies. "This is not a zero-sum game of privacy," Szabo said. Supporters dismiss the argument that such protections would be burdensome, pointing out that similar requirements in the European Union and California have not stifled business. They also point to the overwhelming support the proposal has garnered. The committee received notices from more than 1,000 people and organizations in support of the House bill -- largely from private individuals. Only 32 were submitted in opposition. State Sen. Michael Hastings, a Tinley Park Democrat who sponsored a corresponding Senate measure awaiting a vote on that chamber's floor, said lobbyists representing corporate giants including Apple, Amazon and Microsoft have visited his office to discuss the bill and their usage of user data. "It may be good for the Apples, the Amazons of the world, but it's not good for people," Hastings said. Ed Yohnka, a spokesman for the American Civil Liberties Union's Illinois chapter, told The Associated Press that legislation like this is necessary to address the now "razor-thin" division between government and private entities, which can sell data to federal agencies. "This is a new age and privacy really means a completely different thing," Yohnka said. The other internet privacy bill OK'd by the committee would require mobile applications that track user locations to get permission first and outline how that data will be used. The bills are SB1502, HB2774 and HB3449. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Government, Broadband Privacy, ISPs, Data Mining, Comcast, Verizon, ATT, Electronic Frontier Foundation Comment:
Name:
Mr. Wizard: Posted: 2017-04-12 @ 9:28am PT VPNs will soon be as common as antivirus software. Steve Carr: Posted: 2017-04-01 @ 8:12am PT Privacy is our right, not for the Government to spy on us. The future is alternative search engines. We all need to us another search engine and than we take away the governments power, who have become to powerful, or we just go back to yelling loud. Try Lookseek, a no tracking search or one of the other alternative searches. Have a great day Dimitri Kachusov: Posted: 2017-04-01 @ 6:23am PT Like Hastings said, "good for the Apples, the Amazons of the world," "not good for people" though. The tension is increasing between left and right with each passing day and left already feels it's just another even in line of many to come. Can the house give it a second thought? Can it be revised? If it doesn't work, people will have nowhere to go. Instead of using internet freely and let state be their protector, they'll be at the mercy of third party tools. Heck, they won't be able to use third part tools operating from US because they'll be bound by their law too. Instead, they'll have to rely on ones like ivacy, nord and all sorts of vpn/anti-tracking sofware that are located outside the USA.
GOVERNMENT departments, Kouga Municipality and community stakeholders gathered at the Humansdorp Country Club on Thursday in a Public Participation Week session convened by the Eastern Cape Provincial Legislature.
Kouga Speaker Horatio Hendricks said the meeting reflected the legal obligations that rest on public representatives to consult and take mandate from the public.
“This is not a favour that Government is doing for you, as members of the public. It is important and we are legally required to meet with communities and account for the work that we do,” he said.
His words were echoed by Michael Peter, a Member of the Provincial Legislature and its Portfolio Committee on Public Participation and Petitions.
Peter emphasised that public participation was one of the core functions of the Provincial Legislature in addition to making laws, exercising oversight and approving government budgets.
“Without the people, there would be no Legislature or Government. It is, therefore, important that we provide a listening and report-back platform to the people who are the reason for the offices we hold,” he said.
The session was interactive, where stakeholder representatives such as members from ward committees posed questions to the different departments and responses were provided.
Questions that could not be answered immediately were taken for further investigation, while the legislature undertook to follow up
The municipality will also monitor the processes.
Netgear's Arlo Pro cameras are popular options for home security because they have wireless connectivity, long battery life, and support for local storage. The recently released Arlo Go takes the wireless aspect to the next level by adding an LTE modem for connectivity almost anyplace. That means you don't need to put the camera near your Arlo Hub or your regular WiFi network. It comes at a price, though.
The Arlo Go does have some compelling use cases, and the performance is similar to other Arlo cams. However, Arlo Go is missing some important features, and it locks you into expensive, limited mobile data plans. The camera itself isn't cheap, either.
Specs Camera 720p Field of View 130-degrees Night Vision Infrared up to 25 feet Audio microphone, speaker Power 3,660mAh battery Connectivity LTE Local storage Yes Measurements 90 x 69.5 x 77.9 mm, 335g Cloud storage 15min for $4.99/mo, 120min for $22.99/mo, 225min for $32.99/mo Price $429.99, $349.99 (Verizon contract)
The Good Completely wireless No power cable, LTE so it can go anyplace. Weather-resistant Works outdoors and at temperatures as low as -4F. Local storage Includes a microSD card slot for local storage of videos. Design Compact for an LTE camera and supports a wide range of accessories. Comes with an outdoor mount. Battery life Should run for 1-2 months on a charge.
The Not So Good Video Camera maxes out at 720p video, but exported clips are smaller and noticeably pixelated. Plans The Arlo Mobile plans are too expensive, and it's hard to know which version of the camera you're buying due to lacking info from Arlo. No WiFi This camera is LTE only, so you can't connect it to the Arlo Hub used by Arlo Pro cameras. That means you have to keep using the expensive LTE plans. Design again The housing doesn't snap completely closed on my unit. This may only be a cosmetic issue, though. App Confusing interface, bugs, and slow to start live feeds. Nothing has changed since our Arlo Pro review.
Design and setup
Setting up the Arlo Go is easy and offers complete freedom. Do you want to put the Arlo Go on your porch? Fine. Put it in your car? Also fine. On the other side of the country? You can do that too. First, you need to add it to your Arlo account. Simply open the app and tell it you want to add a camera. After choosing Arlo Go, the app tells you to press the sync button on the camera and displays a QR code. Simply point the camera at your screen, and it'll pair. There's no wireless hub to mess with as you have with the Arlo Pro. That speeds things up during setup, but it'll be limiting later on.
Instead of connecting to a hub, the Arlo Go beams video to the cloud directly over its LTE connection. There are several different versions of the Arlo Go (which I'll get into later), but you should be able to get one that connects to LTE in your area. The LTE modem in this camera uses more power than WiFi, so the Go comes with a larger battery than the Arlo Pro (3,660 vs. 2,440mAh). As such, it's a much beefier device. The only other new hardware inside is the SIM card slot and a slot for adding a microSD card.
The Arlo Go's plastic shell snaps together to seal in the battery and cards with a design similar to the Arlo Pro. The camera is IP65 rated for water and dust, although mine doesn't seem to close all the way (see below). This is apparently something Netgear is working to correct but insists it's only a cosmetic issue. I had the Arlo Go outside for several weeks, and I can confirm there's no evidence of water infiltration.
The front of the camera has a flat black face with the camera module and IR lights for night vision. Netgear claims 25 feet of night vision, and it's around that for me. My garage in the back yard where I tested the Go is about 20 feet away, and it was clearly illuminated.
The bottom of the device has a rubberized foot so that you can set it on a flat surface. If you want to mount it someplace, it comes with the Arlo outdoor mount, which screws into the bottom. That's a nice bonus; you need to buy the outdoor mount separately for the Arlo Pro. Netgear also makes a number of other accessories for the Go including camouflage skins and a quadpod mount.
The housing doesn't fit together smoothly, but this seems to be a cosmetic issue only.
This camera is designed to live outdoors, so it's able to function in a wide range of temperatures. At the low end, it can operate as low as -4 degrees Fahrenheit (-20 C). For those in warmer climates, the Arlo Go is fine up to 113 degrees Fahrenheit (45 C). This is the same range as the Arlo Pro, but those cameras are always going to be nearby. The Arlo Go could be in some remote location, so you'd have to go grab it when the temperature gets too extreme. Still, there are not many cameras with better temperature tolerance than this.
Battery life is hard to gauge as I haven't even had the camera long enough to blow through a charge. The Arlo Pro runs 4-5 months on a full battery, but this one will probably be shorter. Arlo expects 1-2 months as LTE uses more power than WiFi. The rate of depletion I've seen so far supports that estimate.
Video and audio
Using a wireless camera means making some sacrifices. Like the Arlo Pro, the Go is limited to 720p video, and the image is a bit compressed. When the camera uploads the videos, they're actually just 640x352 resolution. This is with quality set to maximum, but I can't rule out a bug of some sort. There's a video sample below so you can get a better idea of the quality.
And here's one in the dark.
The video looks alright—it's certainly good enough to see what's going on. The camera has a wide 13-degree field of view, but the edges aren't too distorted. However, zooming in gets you little more than a pixelated mess. Like other Arlo cameras, the Go takes just a little too long to wake up and begin recording. So, you might miss a few seconds of activity. The live delay isn't bad for LTE; maybe three or four seconds. However, it takes upward of eight seconds for the app to load the live feed.
The modest delay is more than you get with wired cameras, and it can make using the 2-way audio features awkward: you speak, it takes a few seconds for the speaker to output, you get a reply, and it takes a few more seconds to reach your phone. It's just not the best experience. That said, the audio quality is solid. The microphones on the camera are sensitive, and the speaker is more than good enough for words to be understood.
Features and app
As I mentioned above, there are several hardware variants of this camera. There's the Verizon version, an "Arlo Mobile" edition, and an AT&T camera. The Arlo Mobile (operating on the AT&T network, I believe) won't work with a different SIM card, whereas the Verizon and AT&T cameras can use those respective carrier SIMs. The Arlo Mobile variant seems to be the most common.
Arlo Go plans are more limited than the plans for the WiFi-connected Pro cameras. The plans are based on the amount of video uploaded. The base plan includes 30 triggers per month, each with a 30-second video clip. So, that's 15 minutes of video, for which you pay $4.99 per month per camera. The main issue is that as a wireless camera, the Arlo Go acts like a full-frame motion detector when it's not actively streaming. With no customizable activity zones, any movement in the frame causes the camera to record a video—even a windy day could trigger videos as trees in the frame move around. You can run through 30 triggers in a single afternoon, and the other plans are considerably more expensive.
You're not getting a lot of data for your money with Arlo Go. As I mentioned above (and you can see in the sample), Arlo's video is noticeably compressed. My videos are around 1MB for 10 seconds. Thus, that $5 monthly fee gets you roughly 90MB of LTE data. That's way too expensive—this camera costs over $400, and it could just stop working after a windy afternoon. Even fiddling with the motion sensitivity setting doesn't help. The camera is already a bit slow to wake up and record, so turning down the sensitivity ensures you're going to miss events you'd have wanted to record. The top-end plan has 225 minutes of video per month for $33. I could still see a camera running through this plan in a matter of days. If you want Arlo Smart, which can filter alerts with people, vehicles, and animals, that'll cost another $39 per camera each year.
The carrier-compatible versions of this camera seem less restrictive. Here, you can use a carrier plan with a regular data cap. There's no worrying about minutes; it's just a normal data device on your account. If you're under the cap, it'll keep working. You're still paying for LTE every month, though.
Perhaps one saving grace here is the microSD card slot. To be entirely fair, this is not a common feature among competing cameras, which lock you into cloud storage plans. You can set the Arlo Go to save all its video to the card, which is a fine backup when you inevitably run out of monthly triggers. However, you need to go and get the camera to see the videos on the card. With Arlo Pro, the videos are beamed over WiFi to the USB storage device you've plugged into the hub. The Arlo Go has no WiFi, so the card is not terribly convenient.
The Arlo app is also an issue. It hasn't improved since I looked at the Arlo Pro and cited it as a usability problem. The interface is still clunky with confusing menus and random spots of lag. I've also noticed an ongoing issue where the app fails to load after I open it from the overview screen. It just hangs on the login screen even though I'm already logged in. When it already takes 7-8 seconds to load the video feed, additional delays in the app are completely unacceptable.
Arlo has support for both push notifications and email. The latter is not supported by all cameras, so it's nice to see here. You get a screenshot of the camera feed in the email as well. Although, setting up notifications and camera modes is not intuitive, and location-based switching is unreliable.
Conclusion
This is not a bad camera, and in some ways, it's very neat. However, you are making several sacrifices to get an LTE-connected camera. Arlo Go's video quality leaves something to be desired, even on the highest setting. I can forgive a little here since it's sending data over LTE, but the video still is not clear enough to make out faces at a distance.
There is a use case for the Arlo Go, but it's a narrow one. If you need to keep an eye on an outdoor space that's away from a WiFi network, this camera is exactly what you want. I could imagine those who need a trail camera jumping on the Arlo Go and happily paying the monthly fees. However, I seriously question how many regular users will want to commit to these plans. You can run through the 30 trial triggers in a day, so I'm not sure even the higher plans will work reliably all month long. If you want Arlo's smart features, that'll cost you even more.
The price for the hardware is very high. The Arlo Go will run you $429.99 when purchased on Amazon or another retailer. Verizon has its version for $349.99 with a 2-year service agreement. If all this sounds reasonable, you probably already knew you wanted the Arlo Go. For everyone else, you can probably make do with Arlo Pro or another WiFi-connected security camera.
Kanye West has been a lightning rod for controversy over the past month, but it seems as though the public's attention has now turned towards the rapper's ninth studio album, which is scheduled for release on Friday, June 1st. Tentatively titled LOVE EVERYONE, according to a text conversation that West posted on his Twitter account, the album is set to feature seven tracks.
How to stream and listen to Kanye West's new album
West's previous album, The Life of Pablo, had an unpredictable release cycle in 2016, but the release of recent singles like “Lift Yourself” and “Ye vs. The People” suggests that the new album will much easier to access. We've listed the different streaming platforms that the album is expected to be released on, and the ways in which you can listen to them below.
Apple Music
If West's album is made available on iTunes and Apple Music, you will be able to stream and download it starting at 12 A.M. EST on Friday or 9 P.M. PST on Thursday. If you have an Apple Music account, you can go into the app on your phone or tablet and set the notifications to alert you when the album is out. Click here to learn how.
If you don't have an Apple Music account and want to try it out, you can click here to start a free 30-day trial. If you cancel during your trial period, you'll continue to have access to the entire Apple Music catalog until the date that you would have been billed for the full price.
Spotify
Based on the standard release schedule for Spotify, West's album will also be available to stream at 12 A.M. EST/9 P.M. PST. If you don't have a Spotify account, you can sign up for one here and pay only $0.99 for the first three months.
Tidal
In the event that West's album is exclusively available on Tidal, like The Life of Pablo before it, you can still stream it for free. The streaming service offers a free 30-day trial with Tidal Premium, which provides access to music videos and curated playlists.
There is also a free 30-day trial option for Tidal HiFi, which provides access to videos, playlists, and Lossless High Fidelity sound quality. Click here to sign up for either trial.
Details surrounding the album have been scarce, but the few there have been suggested that West will make good on his promise. NME reports that the rapper will host a listening party at his Wyoming studio on May 31st, the same evening the album is expected to come out.
According to a post on the Instagram fan account BreakTheStimulation, news of the listening party was broken by Ambush designer Yoon Ahn, who originally posted the invitation on her Instagram story.
A post shared by @breakthesimulation on May 30, 2018 at 7:21am PDT
The invitation, which you can check out above, reads: “Kanye West. Album listening. Thursday May 31. Jackson Hole Wyoming. Itinerary confirmed upon RSVP.” This is not an uncommon practice for West, who hosted similar parties for 2011's Watch the Throne, 2013's Yeezus, and The Life of Pablo.
West has been incredibly prolific as of late, as he produced the entirety of the recent Pusha-T album DAYTONA, and is rumored to do the same for upcoming releases by legendary emcee Nas on June 15th and GOOD Music artist Teyana Taylor on June 22nd. In addition, West and rapper Kid Cudi will release a collaborative album titled Kids See Ghosts, which will be out on June 7th, a week after West's solo effort and a week before Nas.
On May 15th, West posted a video of himself making a beat on Twitter. The video shows West working with several dry-erase boards in the background, outlining the tracklists for the aforementioned albums. While the tracklist written out for Pusha's album is slightly different from the final product, there is more than enough similarity to ensure that these dry-erase boards are legitimate. Watch it above.
The board for West's solo album confirms that it will only be seven tracks, with the titles for two of them, “Extacy” and “Wouldn't Leave”, listed above West's head.
West has also teased controversial artwork for the album on Twitter. The rapper announced that the cover would be an image of Jan Adams, the plastic surgeon who operated on his mother Donda before her untimely death in 2007. “I want to forgive and stop hating,” West tweeted out.
Adams responded in an open letter, thanking the rapper, but requesting that his image not be on the album. “Thank you for thinking of me for the cover of your next album. That is kind of you,” he wrote, “Unfortunately, I have to decline at this time, and I ask that you cease and desist using my photo or any image of me to promote your album or any of your work.”
Adams further wrote: “I don't want to seem ungrateful… I just think that if in fact this conversation to love is genuine on your part… then it's inappropriate to drag the negativity of the past with it.”
West took a similarly controversial approach with the Pusha-T album DAYTONA, which features a photo of Whitney Houston's drug-covered bathroom counter. The rapper reportedly paid $85K to license the photo. Houston's estate released a statement to Entertainment Tonight saying they were “extremely disappointed in Kanye's choice”, and that “even in Whitney's death, we see that no one is exempt from the harsh realities of the world.”
Valentine's Day isn't just for sappy cards, giant heart-shaped boxes of chocolate, and romantic dinners. These funny cards hit the perfect note for everyone in your life. Whether you're in search of that one perfect card for your sweetheart that perfectly captures your joint sense of humor, looking for a way to make your best girlfriend laugh, or need to make everyone in your crew feel special, you're sure to find just the right funny Valentine here.
Here are the top 10 best funny Valentine's Day cards for every person on your list. And if none of these cards tickle your fancy, check out the full collection of Amazon's humorous Valentine's Day cards.
1. For the Foodies: Set of 10 “Romantic Yummy Puns” Valentine's Day Greeting Card Pack
Amazon
Cute illustrations pair perfectly with these food puns. Whether you want to let them know they're “one in a melon” or you think they're a real “cute-tea,” you'll find the right message for everyone in your pack. Each 4″ x 5 1/4″ card comes with an envelope. Check out the companion set of animal pun Valentine's Day cards while you're at it!
Price: $10.99 for 10 (17 percent off MSRP)
2. For the Donut Lover: Donuts Valentine's Day Card
Amazon
Even glazed lovers will appreciate this adorable donut card. The 5″x7″ card showcases a pink-sprinkled donut in a crowd of plain and proclaims “You are the sprinkled donut in a sea of glazed” inside. This sweet note comes with a pink envelope. Show them you appreciate all the sprinkles that make them special.
Price: $3.62
3. For the Whole Squad: Hallmark Studio Ink Valentine's Day Greeting Card Assortment
Amazon
Don't leave anyone out with this 10-pack of trendy gold and pastel graphical cards. There's a card in here for everyone — the breakfast lover, the fitness freak, the indie-music gal, and the one who truly identifies the sloth as their spirit animal. Each 4″x5.5″ card comes with gold foil details and a coordinating envelope. Stock up and send out a sweet surprise to everyone in your squad.
Price: $20.20 for pack of 10
4. For the Slightly Risqué: Jumbo “Never Find Your Body” Valentine's Day Card
Amazon
Here's one way to get their attention: send them a ransom-like note proclaiming how hot you find their bod. This card features a cut-out letter design stating “They'll Never Find Your Body” on the front in bold colors. Inside the punchline delivers “As Hot as I Do! Be My Valentine or Else!” This jumbo 8.5″x11″ card will be sure to get a response.
Price: $9.62
5. For the Star Wars Fan: “You are the Droid” Valentine's Day Card
Amazon
This beautifully crafted letterpress card delivers a classic Star Wars line, tongue-in-cheek style. Let them know they are the droid you're looking for with this sweet 3.5″x5″ hand-illustrated card. This is one they'll keep for a lifetime.
Price: $4.50
6. For the Simpsons Fan: “I Choo Choo Choose You” Valentine's Day Card
Amazon
There was no sweeter moment than when Ralphie swooned over Lisa's class card and launched an epic effort to woo her in return. Turn your Valentine into a puddle of love with this “Choo-Choo-Choose You” card inspired by the classic Simpsons episode. Just hope you don't get a “Let's Bee Friends” in return.
Price: $2.74
7. For the Whole Class: Valentine Cards Puns 48 pack
Amazon
Make sure no one is left off the list with this 48-pack of adorably illustrated 4″x6″ cards. Designs feature an otter, a turtle, a seal, a porcupine, an octopus, and a stag, perfect for every animal lover. Cards come with red envelopes and are blank inside, ready for your personal message.
Price: $19.99
8. For the Bacon Lover: “Bacon my Heart” Valentine's Day Card
Amazon
This punny card features a heart of bacon and states “Don't go Bacon my Heart” on the cover with the follow-up “I Couldn't if I Fried” inside. Whether you need a card for your bae one for your bestie, this is the perfect pick for any bacon lover (and frankly, who isn't?). Go big with the 8.5″x11″ size and this card can double as a gift.
Price: $7.41
9. For the Twist Ending Lover: American Greetings “Follow Your Heart” Valentine's Day Card
Amazon
Get a giggle with this Valentine's Card that starts with the inspiring message to “Follow Your Heart” and follows it up with one wise exception. Decorated with gold foil and black glitter, the inside features sweet heart illustrations and a simple message. This is the perfect card for the bf who loves a slow laugh or a surprise ending.
Price: $4.25
10. For the Punster: Giraffe Joke Valentine's Day Card
Amazon
This 5″x7″ card features a classic Victorian-style giraffe and doily heart illustration on the cover but turns punny once opened. The full message reads “Do I Wish You a Happy Valentine's Day” outside and “You Bet Giraffe I Do” inside. For those who love a little tongue-in-cheek, you can't go wrong with this sweet, decorative card.
Price: $4.74
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
A Queens teacher was busted Friday for sending graphic photos and videos to a former student when she was just 14-years-old, according to the Queens DA's office.
Michael Cognato, 35, of Bethpage, allegedly met the teen while he was her eighth grade math teacher at IS 93 in Ridgewood and continued to communicate with her after she graduated.
Beginning this past summer, Cognato initiated explicit sexual conversations with the girl and sent her several naked pictures of himself, officials said.
“The victim sent several naked pictures of herself to Cognato and, in turn, he began sending her videos of him masturbating,” prosecutors said.
Cognato then allegedly ratcheted up his illicit communications and sent the girl at least 15 videos of himself masturbating. At his instruction, she began sending him similarly graphic videos, prosecutors said.
The victim's mother eventually discovered the activity and notified cops.
Cognato, a Department of Education teacher since 2005, was expected to be arraigned Friday on 33 charges ranging from promotion of a sexual performance by a child to sending indecent material to a minor.
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — Another Ohio city has lifted its moratorium on cultivating medical marijuana as the state accepts applications from potential growers in that newly legalized sector.
The Blade reports the Sandusky City Commission this week rolled back its ban on medical marijuana cultivation. The city manager says it wasn't a response made for any particular grower, but people have reached out with interest about potential grow sites in Sandusky.
Further west in Oak Harbor, the village council is considering a measure to allow cultivation and processing of medical marijuana but prohibit dispensaries there. Officials in Stryker also are considering a measure to support a tentative agreement with a potential grower.
Ohio legalized medical marijuana last year, but some communities have chosen to ban medical marijuana businesses.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Crash marks 1st death involving fully autonomous vehicle
hello
FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016 file photo, an Uber driverless car waits in traffic during a test drive in San Francisco. Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday, March 19, 2018, after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles. The testing has been going on for months in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology. Uber's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday. Associated Press
This March 19, 2018 still image taken from video provided by ABC-15, shows investigators at the scene of a fatal accident involving a self driving Uber car on the street in Tempe, Ariz. Police in the city of Tempe said Monday, March 19, 2018, that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit. (ABC-15.com via AP) Associated Press
FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016 file photo, an Uber driverless car heads out for a test drive in San Francisco. Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian. Police in the city of Tempe said Monday, March 19, 2018, that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit. Associated Press
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock speaks during a news conference Monday, March 19, 2018 after a pedestrian was stuck by a Uber vehicle in autonomous mode Sunday night in Tempe, Ariz. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit. Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles. Associated Press
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock speaks during a news conference Monday, March 19, 2018 after a pedestrian was stuck by a Uber vehicle in autonomous mode Sunday night in Tempe, Ariz. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit. Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles. Associated Press
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock speaks during a news conference Monday, March 19, 2018 after a pedestrian was stuck by a Uber vehicle in autonomous mode Sunday night in Tempe, Ariz. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit. Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles. Associated Press
FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016 file photo, an Uber driverless car is displayed in a garage in San Francisco. Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday, March 19, 2018, after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles. The testing has been going on for months in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology. Uber's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday. Associated Press
FILE - In this March 1, 2017 file photo, people enter the headquarters of Uber in San Francisco. Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday, March 19, 2018, after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles. The testing has been going on for months in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology. Uber's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday. Associated Press
A vehicle goes by the scene of Sunday's fatality where a pedestrian was stuck by an Uber vehicle in autonomous mode, in Tempe, Ariz., Monday, March 19, 2018. A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed the woman in suburban Phoenix in the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle. Associated Press
TEMPE, Ariz. -- A fatal pedestrian crash involving a self-driving Uber SUV in a Phoenix suburb could have far-reaching consequences for the new technology as automakers and other companies race to be the first with cars that operate on their own.
The crash Sunday night in Tempe was the first death involving a full autonomous test vehicle. The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human backup driver at the wheel when it struck 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as she was walking a bicycle outside the lines of a crosswalk in Tempe, police said.
Uber immediately suspended all road-testing of such autos in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto. The ride-sharing company has been testing self-driving vehicles for months as it competes with other technology companies and automakers like Ford and General Motors.
Though many in the industries had been dreading a fatal crash they knew it was inevitable.
Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said local authorities haven't determined fault but urged people to use crosswalks. He told reporters at a news conference Monday the Uber vehicle was traveling around 40 mph when it hit Helzberg immediately as she stepped on to the street.
Neither she nor the backup driver showed signs of impairment, he said.
"The pedestrian was outside of the crosswalk, so it was midblock," Elcock said. "And as soon as she walked into the lane of traffic, she was struck by the vehicle."
The National Transportation Safety Board, which makes recommendations for preventing crashes, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which can enact regulations, sent investigators.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is cooperating with investigators.
The public's image of the vehicles will be defined by stories like the crash in Tempe, said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor who studies self-driving vehicles. It may turn out that there was nothing either the vehicle or its human backup could have done to avoid the crash, he said.
Either way, the fatality could hurt the technology's image and lead to a push for more regulations at the state and federal levels, Smith said.
Autonomous vehicles with laser, radar and camera sensors and sophisticated computers have been billed as the way to reduce the more than 40,000 traffic deaths a year in the U.S. alone. Ninety-four percent of crashes are caused by human error, the government says.
Self-driving vehicles don't drive drunk, don't get sleepy and aren't easily distracted. But they do have faults.
"We should be concerned about automated driving," Smith said. "We should be terrified about human driving."
In 2016, the latest year available, more than 6,000 U.S. pedestrians were killed by vehicles.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
Many states, including Michigan and Arizona, have taken a largely hands-off approach, hoping to gain jobs from the new technology, while California and others have taken a harder line.
California is among states that require manufacturers to report any incidents during the testing phase. As of early March, the state's motor vehicle agency had received 59 such reports.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey used light regulations to entice Uber to the state after the company had a shaky rollout of test cars in San Francisco. Arizona has no reporting requirements. Hundreds of vehicles with automated driving systems have been on Arizona's roads.
Ducey's office expressed sympathy for Herzberg's family and said safety is the top priority.
The crash in Arizona isn't the first involving an Uber autonomous test vehicle. In March 2017, an Uber SUV flipped onto its side, also in Tempe. No serious injuries were reported, and the driver of the other car was cited for a violation.
Herzberg's death is the first involving an autonomous test vehicle but not the first in a car with some self-driving features. The driver of a Tesla Model S was killed in 2016 when his car, operating on its Autopilot system, crashed into a tractor-trailer in Florida.
The NTSB said that driver inattention was to blame but that design limitations with the system played a major role in the crash.
The U.S. Transportation Department is considering further voluntary guidelines that it says would help foster innovation. Proposals also are pending in Congress, including one that would stop states from regulating autonomous vehicles, Smith said.
Peter Kurdock, director of regulatory affairs for Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety in Washington, said the group sent a letter Monday to Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao saying it is concerned about a lack of action and oversight by the department as autonomous vehicles are developed. That letter was planned before the crash.
Kurdock said the deadly accident should serve as a "startling reminder" to members of Congress that they need to "think through all the issues to put together the best bill they can to hopefully prevent more of these tragedies from occurring."
___
Krisher reported from Detroit. Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico; and Felicia Fonseca in Flagstaff, Arizona, contributed to this story.
Cologne police boss regrets New Year tweet on North Africans
hello
BERLIN -- Cologne's police chief says he regrets his force's use of the term "Nafris" to describe North Africans in a New Year's Eve tweet, but dismissed suggestions it engaged in racial profiling.
Officers stopped hundreds of North African men heading into downtown Cologne on Saturday to prevent a repeat of sexual assaults that marred New Year's celebrations a year earlier.
The department wrote on Twitter: "Hundreds of Nafris screened at main railway station."
Critics accused police of stopping people on their appearance alone. Opposition Green party co-leader Simone Peter told the Rheinische Post the term "Nafris" was "completely unacceptable."
Police Chief Juergen Matthies said Monday the department has used the term internally since 2013 to describe young North Africans regarded as particularly violent or criminal. He says it wasn't meant for public use.
Symantec Says CIA Tools Found Across 16 Countries
The CIA's cyberespionage toolkit made public by WikiLeaks has been linked to 40 spying operations in 16 countries, an early public assessment of the intelligence agency's global hacking operations, computer security company Symantec said Monday.
In a blog post, the California-based Symantec Corp. said the tools in WikiLeaks' recent releases have been linked to the electronic infiltration of international, financial, energy and aerospace organizations across the world. Like many security firms, Symantec draws on data supplied by its clients. Researcher Dick O'Brien declined to provide further details, saying might prompt speculation as to the identity of the people or organizations involved.
"I will say, in terms of the regions, the largest region represented in terms of those targets was the Middle East," O'Brien said in a telephone interview.
The word "CIA" was mentioned nowhere in Symantec's post, but few if any doubt that that's where the tools come from. When WikiLeaks began releasing them in early March, it gave an unusually explicit account of how the tools had been taken from the CIA's Center for Cyber Intelligence. The U.S. government has since all but publicly accepted the embarrassing claim; about a week later, President Donald Trump told a television host: "I just want people to know the CIA was hacked, and a lot of things taken."
O'Brien said that while Symantec didn't dispute that assessment, pinning the tools on a specific government agency was "straying outside our area of expertise."
Intriguingly, O'Brien said one CIA tool was discovered breaking into an U.S. computer -- only to uninstall itself almost immediately afterward.
"That, to us, smacks of an accidental compromise," we said. "Our assessment is it was likely a mistake."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Read more on: Symantec, CIA, Government, Hacking, WikiLeaks, Russia
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Hey All
I got to unwrap this beauty last week.
I give it to Tecno, when it comes to packaging and aestethics, they try.
Lately, I've been exposed to some smartphone brands that do not operate in Nigeria and when it comes to Packaging, Tecno stands out.
A round of applause for them
Okay, to the business of the day.
We see a shift from what we know of the C9.
The back of the phone has a metal build.
There's the fingerprint scanner.
And the pouch is very different from what we are used to from Tecno mobile.
Even the shape of the SIM ejector pin is different this time.
I saw two flashlights beside the secondary camera and something that looks like a ringer flashlight at the rear camera…this is in addition to the usual camera lens.
Now, I understand why some folks were spreading rumours that the CX has four cameras.
Talking about the feel of the phone. Well, if I say I'm not impressed, I'm lying.
One thing I wasn't happy about was the idea of sacrificing one simslot for SD card.
Like seriously
I aired out my complaint and I was taught how to merge SD card and internal memory on a one time basis. More on this later.
There's one speaker at the bottom right hand corner, but the sound it produces gives impression there are speakers on all sides of the phone. More on this later.
The earpiece is the normal type. I have decided not to use it.
The charger is a 2.0A type. Means enough battery juice in a short time.
There's no physical key.
Generally, in terms of design, I see major improvements.
Will same be said about it's performance? Please stay tuned to this moniker for more information.
For now, I'll just let the pictures do the rest of the talking.
Have a fabulous week Dearies
Let's be honest: Most of us majorly struggle through the time it takes to get a cup of coffee to our lips once our alarms go off. (It's just one of the problems all coffee lovers understand.) Luckily, this coffee-brewing alarm clock could make those few miserable minutes practically disappear.
Yes, you read that right. An alarm clock that brews a fresh pot of coffee as soon as you wake up actually exists, and you can buy it right now. Your morning joe will never be the same, thanks to the Barisieur.
Here's how it works: Before you go to bed, fill the glass beaker with water and pour ground coffee into the filter. Not a black coffee drinker? Not to worry—special drawers keep your cream cold and store your sugar, too. Then, just set your alarm and drift off to sleep. This sleek machine will take care of the rest.
A few minutes before your alarm goes off next morning, the Barisieur will begin to brew your coffee. And voila! A steaming cup of coffee awaits you when your alarm beeps and you crack open your eyes. You won't even have to leave your bed (until absolutely have to, of course.)
London designer Joshua Renouf designed this glorious invention himself, raising over $500,000 through donations on IndieGoGo. And coffee lovers, you'll want to act fast; put in a pre-order on the crowdsourcing site now and pay just $300, or wait until it hits stores in December and pay $420.
Something tells us splurging on one of these sleek clocks will be totally worth it. Nothing says “seize the day” quite like waking up to a pot of freshly brewed coffee, after all. But if you're looking to save a few bucks, here are five tricks to making the perfect cup of coffee—no fancy alarm clock required.
[Source: Spoon University]
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – One person has been shot and killed on the city's east side Monday afternoon.
The fatal shooting occurred in the 2800 block of Brookside Avenue just before 3 p.m.
The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department says they originally responded to the scene in reference to a person shot. Upon arriving on scene, a male victim, suffering from at least one gunshot wound, was discovered inside a residence.
Responding Emergency medical personnel pronounced the man dead at the scene.
IMPD said there were no obvious signs of forced entry, but that it is still early in the investigation.
The victim's name has not yet been released.
Anyone with information on this case is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at 317-262-8477.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
By Hayden Wright
A trailer has been released for the next sequence of Carpool Karaoke videos, and the lineup is stellar. The CBS late-night segment will stream on Apple Music in a similar format, but with new guests and even crazier moments behind the wheel. The concept, which has broken YouTube records and dominated social media, remains as simple and delightful as ever. Only this time, a rotating cast of celebrities will replace James Corden.
Related: Adele's ‘Carpool Karaoke' is the Most Popular Viral Video of 2016
Here are the moments we're most excited for:
Metallica making their headbanging mark on Rihanna's “Diamonds” with Billy Eichner.
John Legend duetting on with Alicia Keys on her breakout hit, “Falling.”
Ariana Grande belting the Little Shop of Horrors soundtrack with Seth MacFarlane.
James Corden's return with Will Smith — they rap the Fresh Prince theme!
Chelsea Handler slinging whiskey and singing Bon Jovi's “Living on a Prayer” with Blake Shelton.
Corden also presides over an epic, R. Kelly-inspired key change for the Carpool Karaoke franchise — there's a helicopter.
A new installment will drop on Apple Music each week and the premiere is “coming soon.”
Watch the preview here:
A broken-hearted, former prosecutor canned from the Brooklyn DA's for illegally ordering wiretaps and search warrants to eavesdrop and read text messages of an ex lover and his new love interest, was sentenced to a year and a day in jail.
Tara Lenich, 42, once a supervisor in the Brooklyn DA's Violent Criminal Enterprises Bureau, used her position to forge wiretap orders and had a team of subordinates taps the phones of a married NYPD detective.
Lenich listened to phone conversations between her ex and his new paramour, who was also her colleague, and read their text messages for almost 18 months.
She pleaded guilty to two counts of illegally intercepting oral and electronic communications.
“I have a hard time even believing I'm in your courtroom as your defendant,” Lenich tearfully told the judge, explaining that working for 15 years as an ADA for the Brooklyn DA's office, “was more than just a job, it was my life.”
Lenich said that her “completely destructive and unhealthy” relationship took a turn for the worse, as she worked with her married lover on what she deemed, “the biggest case of my career.”
It was then that the “relationship went from bad to completely disastrous and had a negative affect on that case, I truly imploded,” she said crying.
“I made the worst decision possible and abused my position of trust and humiliated the office I had worked so hard for.”
Lenich's defense lawyer Morris Fodeman passionately spoke of her charitable work and her career of public service.
“Tara is a good, generous, compassionate person who somehow lost her way and made a series of terrible choices,” he said.
Lenich's other lawyer, Gary Farrell called Lenich a “desperate, desperate woman in a very volatile situation” and spoke of his fear of her going to prison — requesting that she not be placed in a prison in New York for her safety.
“She would not be Tara Lenich the banker or Tara Lenich the molly dealer. She would be Tara Lenich the former gang prosecutor.”
Prosecutor Robert Polemeni wanted Lenich to serve 24 months, higher than the sentencing guidelines.
“For nearly 18 months Ms. Lenich lied to everyone around her. She abused her power daily. She forged documents, forged judges signatures to listen in on private and personal telephone conversations, to read private and personal text messages. ..she took her knowledge and she abused the system,” Polemeni said.
see also Prosecutor charged with wiretapping assistant DA The Brooklyn prosecutor charged with spying on an NYPD detective...
“She supervised all the District Attorney's office witetap investigations. That's a problem. They will have to restore their credibility,” he said.
Brooklyn's federal judge William Kuntz likened the scenario of lovelorn Lenich's breakup and subsequent actions to a Shakespearean tragedy, comparing Lenich's downfall to Othello's jealous rage.
“We are all human but we need to reign it in. Every single person in this court probably wants to know what a love interest was up to. ..I would be a liar if I said I never wondered what a potential girlfriend was up to.”
But because of her position, Kuntz said, it has to be clear that “human beings given all of this power are not going to use it on their personal agendas.”
Lenich will surrender on March 14.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Graphite Capital plays down role of Europe in its portfolio
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Photos by Samuel Hoffman | The Journal Gazette
Adam Garland was one of the last swimmers in the water Sunday at the annual Polar Bear Plunge in the St. Joseph River at Johnny Appleseed Park.
Terri Stumpf is all smiles after her first Polar Bear Plunge. Stumpf was celebrating her 65th birthday on Sunday in a very chilly way.
A Bronx couple had Valentine's Day dinner in the Union Square subway station. Michael George reports.
No poet ever called a New York subway platform romantic.
But for Mohammad Choudry, the L train platform at Union Square was the perfect place to surprise his wife with Valentine's Day dinner.
Choudry said his wife of nine years loves the Union Square station, with its musicians and subway performers. So he figured it'd be a great location to have a quick meal to commemorate their love.
Mohammad Choudry and his wife of nine years, Johnnybell Sanchez, shared a romantic Valentine's Day dinner in the Union Square subway station.
It was noisy and crowded, and it was so windy the red tablecloth nearly flew away.
But when Mohammad's wife, Johnnybell Sanchez, walked in, none of it seemed to matter.
“I saw the camera and I'm like, ‘What is going on?' Johnnybell said. “I was so surprised.”
Mohammad even hired a band to play for her.
13 Couples Say 'I Do' 86 Stories Above Manhattan
Tuesday marks the Empire State Building's 23rd annual Valentine's Day wedding ceremony. Thirteen couples renew their vows or tie the knot throughout the day on the 86th floor of the iconic building. Katherine Creag reports. (Published Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017) (Published Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017)
The band's tunes serenaded the busy platform as the Bronx couple had lobster and rush hour crowds watched in amusement. Many people took photos. Even the L train conductor couldn't believe what she was seeing.
“Wow, just wow,” she said.
Johnnybell couldn't help but feel the stares of the crowd.
“It was a little weird. I'm not going to lie,” she said.
But she also said it was the most memorable Valentine's anyone has ever given her.
“He's never done anything like this before so I'm really proud of him.”
Mohammad felt it went off without a hitch.
“I think it came out perfect,” he said.
New research reveals that how candidates are treated in the job search process directly impacts how they view your company as consumers.
The internet is forever. Memes, Tweets, blog posts, PR wins and gaffes -- once published, these things won't ever go away. Nowhere is this fact more important than on employer review sites, where candidates and employees turn to share their thoughts, feelings and personal experiences interacting with a company, says Dan Schawbel, research director at Future Workplace.
The research, "The Future of Recruiting," from Future Workplace and HR and social media recruiting technology solutions company CareerArc, surveyed 1,054 total respondents, including 616 employers and 438 job seekers, and showed that 61 percent of job seekers visit a company's online properties first before applying; a 17 percent increase from 2015.
In addition, job seekers increasingly trust reviews from other candidates and current employees to give them the lay of the land before applying. One in three job seekers has shared at least one negative review of a previous or prospective employer, and 55 percent of job seekers who have read a negative review have decided against applying for a position at that company, according to the survey. The survey also found that those employees and job seekers who do leave online negative reviews are 66 percent more likely to spread those opinions on social media, compared to those who only share their opinions directly with a friend or colleague.
And job seekers give more weight to the opinions of their fellow candidates and employees than a company's official stance. The survey showed that job seekers rank current employees as the most trusted source for information about a company, followed by online reviews from job applicants and former employees, respectively. The CEO or other company executives were ranked the least trusted source by job seekers.
[ Related story: Do you really need a CEO? ]
Candidates are consumers
While it's important to offer a stellar candidate experience to potential employees, the research also revealed that the impression people get from interacting with your company as a candidate translates directly into their impression of your brand and how they interact with you as a consumer, as well.
"We found that if you give people a bad experience through the application, interview and screening process, they're less inclined to apply to your company for the rest of their lives. Now, we've discovered that the impact goes far beyond that; not only are they not likely to ever work for you, they are impacting your entire brand, your products, your bottom line as they share their sub-par experiences. And because the internet is forever, because it's now a company's 'permanent record,' that's impacting the perception of hundreds, thousands, possibly millions of potential candidates and customers," says Schawbel.
Imagine an entry-level marketing professional who has a bad candidate experience with your firm, Schawbel says. That person may or may not turn to review sites to document how they were treated throughout the process, but here's the kicker: What if, 10 or 15 years later, that entry-level candidate you treated poorly becomes a rock star director of marketing -- exactly what your firm is looking for?
"The chances of that person coming to work for you now, after how they were treated back when they were 'just' a lowly college graduate, are slim to none. They're going to say no; you've lost them as a candidate and, most likely, as a customer, too," Schawbel says.
While 91 percent of employers agree that candidate experience can impact consumer purchasing decisions, only 26 percent measure this effect. And while 99 percent of employers surveyed believe managing employer brand and reputation is important to attracting top talent, only 45 percent devote HR resources to protecting employer brand.
[ Related story: How company culture can make or break your business ]
Balance of power
This shift in the balance of power from employer to candidate and/or employee means organizations must change up their approach when trying to attract and retain top talent, says Robin D. Richards, chairman and CEO of CareerArc.
"Your brand used to be what you, as a company, said about yourself; what your commercials said and how your product performed. But now, that's completely flipped. Now, your customers -- and your candidates -- determine your brand, not you. That means, when you're recruiting and hiring, HR better have the attention of the C-suite, and they have to realize that the applicants have as much, if not more, power than the company. Until a company recognizes this, they're not going to get the most or, more importantly, the best candidates," Richards says.
[ Related story: Why human interaction is the 'killer app' for recruiters ]
Candidates in control
With candidates in control and with the internet as their "megaphone," companies must focus intensely on their employer brand and constantly work to prove to those potential employees that they are the right fit, not the other way around, Richards says.
But one of the most important and most overlooked areas of interaction isn't just with potential applicants or current employees, though those are critical, Richards says. It's with candidates you've declined to hire.
"Social media has given everyone a voice, and has forced corporations to be courteous and kind; it's reiterated the message that you are never too big to respect and care for your customers, or risk the consequences. And nowhere is that more critical than when you're interacting with a declined candidate," Richards says.
According to the Wall Street Journal, there are 219 applicants for every open job a company posts on a job board, Richards says. That means a company's facing 218 negative interaction experiences versus one highly positive one -- but it doesn't have to be that way, Richards says.
"If I'm a candidate, and I spend three hours preparing my résumé, writing a cover letter, applying to this company, telling everyone about it, then I'm very certain I'd be a good fit. But if a company comes back and tells me 'No, you're not a good fit,' then I have no choice but to believe they have bad judgement. Instead of avoiding these interactions, companies have to go the extra mile to provide respect and courtesy to these folks," Richards says.
What does that look like? It can be as simple as updating your applicant tracking system (ATS) to send out automated emails that update candidates on their progress or status. Or it can be much more in-depth and involved, like the program CareerArc and HR consulting firm Mercer developed called Candidate Care. Candidate Care is an online platform that offers job alerts, networking assistance, résumé and cover letter workshops, video interviewing practice and skills assessments to help declined candidates with the job search and to make rejection as positive an experience as possible, Richards says.
"At the very least, your ATS should be able to send out an email to an applicant immediately that says, 'We've received your application. Thank you so much for considering us.' That's the minimum. The better way is to reach out and acknowledge that candidates spend hours putting together these application packages, or preparing for interviews, or taking skills tests or any of the other hoops we make people jump through -- they do all that, and they deserve at least the acknowledgement that their efforts were noticed and appreciated. You also should let people know what to expect and when -- 'We'll get back to you within two weeks,' is all you have to say. Now people can relax a bit because they have an answer," he says.
These approaches help companies ensure candidates don't reflexively hate them, Richards says, by moving the focus of the conversation from disappointment to respect.
"It's about going that extra mile, and it really doesn't cost that much at all, compared to the negative impact a candidate could have on your brand! Let someone feel like they're a silver medalist. Let someone understand that you truly, honestly appreciate their efforts. Let people know you are honored they chose you to apply to, even if you can't hire them right now. You can call it brand amplification, brand promotion, employer branding -- what it really comes down to is common courtesy," Richards says.
Related Video
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
