The National Sleep Foundation of America claims that it should take between 10 and 20 minutes for an average person to fall asleep. Your daily routine affects how well you sleep. If you go to bed around the same time every night, your body will thank you by being more consistent with your nightly snoozes. Some people are lucky enough to fall asleep the second their head hits the pillow, while others need hours to nod off. Here are 6 science backed ways to fall asleep faster.
Before bedtime 1. Take a warm shower Apart from the psychological satisfaction of going to bed clean and fresh, when you step out of warm shower, your body temperature drops significantly, which causes sleepiness. So take your showers in the night time so that falling asleep can be easier. 2. Cool your room down Nothing is more disruptive to sleep than an overheated body. The ideal temperature to adjust your thermostat on is between 21 and 23 degrees Celsius. Wear light cotton pyjamas and make sure your bedroom is a cool and dark environment. 3. Put your phone down Every single phone screen emits a blue light, which causes the brain activity to increase right before bedtime, when we should be doing the exact opposite. If you really can't live without your phone, then dim your screen, switch on night mode if possible, or download a dimming app, so you can keep your brain activity low. If you're having trouble falling asleep: 4. Stick your feet out Exposing even part of your feet to the cooler air helps your body heat to drop more quickly. It's a surprisingly simple sleep hack, one that helps you fall asleep more quickly and sleep better. 5. The 4-7-8 method Dr. Andrew Weil, a bestselling sleep author, swears by the “4-7-8” breathing method. The method is said to relax you by increasing the amount of oxygen in your blood stream, slowing your heart rate down and getting rid of CO2 from your lungs. Push your tongue lightly behind your upper front teeth, and keep it there the whole time. Exhale completely. Breathe in through your nose for 4 seconds, hold your breath for 7 seconds, and then release the breath through your mouth for 8 seconds. Repeat the cycle and you should fall asleep within 1 minute. 6. Massage your pressure points Massaging certain parts of your body causes you to relax and fall asleep faster. Apply pressure to the area between your eyebrows right above your nose for 1 minute. Press the area that's between your first and second toes, on top of the foot. Or massage both of your ears for a minute. A few weird tips that work for some people: Blink uncontrollably for 1 minute straight Wear a sleep mask to eliminate light completely Breathe out of your left nostril 26 times Use a white noise app Don't look at the time. That will stress you out and make it even more difficult More from Health How to choose the perfect bridal jewellery
Rent one-bed apartments at Dh45,000 or less
9 ways your own home could kill you
Official UAE school calendar 2017-2018
Politics of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: citinewsroom.com
Saanbaye B. Kangbaree celebrating his win
A 72-year-old businessman has won the Upper West Regional chairmanship race of the New Patriotic Party (NPP), with a call on party supporters to rally behind him to break the continued dominance of the opposition NDC in the region.
Mr. Saanbaye B. Kangbaree, polled 134 votes to lead the party, beating his closest contender Hafiz Bin Salih, who had 69 votes.
Six persons who campaigned with the Saudi Arabia based businessman swept all the regional executive positions except the Treasurer, Organizer and the Nasara Coordinator slots.
The victory of the businessman turned politician and his followers who are all first-time entrants in the race, surprised their critics who doubted their chances during the campaign period.
It was an atmosphere of mixed feelings as the vanquished counted their losses in the mix of a jubilant crowd that engulfed the Upper West regional library complex, the venue of the elections.
Addressing party faithful after the elections, newly elected chairman, Mr. Kangberee appealed to the rank and file of the NPP to bury their differences and rally behind him to improve the fortunes of the party.The victory of the businessman turned politician and his followers who are all first-time entrants in the race, surprised their critics who doubted their chances during the campaign period.
It was an atmosphere of mixed feelings as the vanquished counted their losses in the mix of a jubilant crowd that engulfed the Upper West regional library complex, the venue of the elections.
Addressing party faithful after the elections, newly elected chairman, Mr. Kangberee appealed to the rank and file of the NPP to bury their differences and rally behind him to improve the fortunes of the party.
“I am glad that you have elected me to lead you to our desired destination. This victory is for all of us. We must put our ideas together for victory 2020”.
The 72-year-old promised to run an open door leadership, saying “I am ready and willing to work with everyone because that is the only way we can grow from strength to strength as a party”.
The outgoing Upper West Regional Chairman, Alhaji Abubakari Abdul-Rahaman, popularly known as Alhaji short, admonished party followers to continue to work with a united front.
Alhaji Short, who is vying for the national chairmanship of the elephant family warned the newly elected executives not to engage in acts of vindictiveness.
“Your victory is not by chance. You deserve to lead our dear party. But you must guard against divisive tendencies especially among your opponents”.
Below are the results of the elections:
CHAIRMAN
Hafiz Bin Salih …….69
S. B. Kangberee ……..134
Issahaku Dapilah…..2
Mahama Toyiba …..23
Alhaji Salifu Sena ……4
Philip Dudu ……1
1st VICE CHAIRMAN
Lawrence Yiryel …28
Alhaji Aziz Abdul-Rahaman…..140
Issahaku Seidu…..15
Inusah Bipuah….4
Alhassan Suleiman…48
2nd VICE CHAIRMAN
Aziz Sulemani 55
Cletus Ampennuo……77
Philip Braimah …..25
Abraham Bakpanla…..6
K. O Yengeh……..70
SECRETARY
Amos Gyetuo …76
Abu Ibrahim Tamah…..44
Mumuni Baba Seidu 37
Isaac Alidu 77
DEPUTY SECRETARY
Benin Sulemani …..62
Yussif Abu…14
Sadat Ahmed 51
Speratus M.Ongoh…107
TREASURER
Tanko Daniel Dawda….95.
Martin Defiin Jatoe….85
Alexis Boro….54
ORGANIZER
Mustapha Ibrahim Dimah….120
Zakaria Mohammed Chikey ….87
Ishmael P. Dimah…..13
Abubakari Bawah……5
Yussif Yakubu Sungumo …9.
YOUTH ORGANIZER
Iddrisu Bomison….55
Bosco Tia…92
Khalid Sadique…13
Sadat Dodoo…..74
WOMEN ORGANIZER
Mariama Salifu….15
Die Rosena…..2
Diana Puopele…..134
Mieri Yakubu…..83
NASARA COORDINATOR
Ali Mohammed Muniru….80
Mohammed Iddrisu Tinkler..54
Mohammed Osman T……98
Imperial Valley News Center
FDA awards 15 grants for clinical trials to stimulate product development for rare diseases
Washington, DC - The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today announced that it has awarded 15 new clinical trial research grants totaling more than $22 million over the next four years to boost the development of products for patients with rare diseases. These new grants were awarded to principal investigators from academia and industry across the country.
“Given the often small number of patients facing certain rare diseases, there can be limited resources devoted to researching new drugs and unique challenges with recruiting and conducting the clinical trials needed to develop medicines targeted to rare conditions,” said FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb, M.D. “For more than 30 years, the FDA has been committed to investing in trials of potentially life-changing treatments for patients with rare diseases, especially in situations where commercial incentives may not be enough to foster the collection of quality data that can ultimately support efficient development and FDA-approval of treatments for patients who lack effective alternatives. By helping to support the cost of development of these potential new drugs, and reduce some of the financial risk, we also hope that these grants will lower the cost of the capital needed to develop these products, boost competition and translate into lower prices for successful medicines. This can help increase access to resulting therapies.”
The FDA awarded the grants through the Orphan Products Clinical Trials Grants Program, funded by Congressional appropriations, to encourage clinical development of drugs, biologics, medical devices, or medical foods for use in rare diseases. The grants are intended for clinical studies evaluating the safety and effectiveness of products that could either result in, or substantially contribute to, the FDA approval of products targeted to rare diseases.
Approximately 33 percent of the new grant awards fund studies to accelerate cancer research by enrolling patients with rare forms of cancer. Sixty percent of these studies target devastating forms of brain and peripheral nervous system cancers, including glioblastoma and anaplastic astrocytoma. One study recruits children as young as one year old with a particularly aggressive form of neuroblastoma.
Other studies span a broad range of diseases and address unmet needs like treating hyperphagia in Prader-Willi syndrome, a genetic disease that primarily affects children, and idiopathic osteoporosis in premenopausal women. Two studies recruit patients with unmet need in sickle cell disease. In addition, one study evaluates a new combination of existing antibiotics to treat pulmonary tuberculosis (TB), including multidrug-resistant TB. TB is a leading killer of HIV-positive patients, and, though not as common in the United States, one-third of the world's population is infected with TB.
“The clinical trials grant program is an important part of the FDA's ongoing commitment to encouraging and supporting the development of safe and effective therapies for rare diseases,” said Rachel Sherman, M.D., M.P.H, FDA's principal deputy commissioner. “The grants awarded this year will support needed research in a range of rare diseases that have little, or no, treatment options for patients.”
A total of 76 grant applications were received for this fiscal year, with a funding rate of 20 percent. The grant recipients for fiscal year 2017 are the following:
AADi, LLC (Pacific Palisades, California), Neil Desai, Phase 2 Study of ABI-009 for the Treatment of Advanced Perivascular Epithelioid Cell Tumors — about $2 million over four years
Albert Einstein College of Medicine (Bronx, New York), Caterina Minniti, Phase 2 Study of Topical Sodium Nitrite for the Treatment of patients with Sickle Cell Disease & Leg Ulcers — about $2 million over four years
Albert Einstein College of Medicine (Bronx, New York), Eric Hollander, Phase 2 Study of Oxytocin for the Treatment of Hyperphagia in Prader-Willi Syndrome — about $1.5 million over three years
Alkeus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Cambridge, Massachusetts), Leonide Saad, Phase 2 Study of ALK-001 for the Treatment of Stargardt Disease – about $250,000 over one year
CereNova, LLC (Durham, North Carolina), Daniel Laskowitz, Phase 2A Study of CN-105 for the Treatment of Intracerebral Hemorrhage — about $1 million over two years
Columbia University Medical Center (New York), Elizabeth Shane, Phase 2 Study of Teriparatide for the Treatment of Idiopathic Osteoporosis in Premenopausal Women — about $1.9 million over four years
Columbia University Medical Center (New York), Gulam Manji, Phase 2 Study of PLX3397 + Sirolimus for the Treatment of Malignant Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumors — $2 million over four years
Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (Boston), Steven Dubois, Phase 1 Study of dual PI3K/BRD4 Inhibitor SF1126 for the Treatment of Neuroblastoma — $750,000 over three years
Duke University (Durham, North Carolina), Allan Kirk, Phase 2 Study of Belatacept, Alemtuzumab, and Sirolimus in Renal Transplantation — about $1 million over three years
Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore), Susan Dorman, Phase 2a Study of Rifampin, Merrem and Augmentin for the Treatment of Pulmonary Tuberculosis — about $2 million over four years
New York Medical College (Valhalla, New York), Mitchell Cairo, Phase 2 Defibrotide for the Prevention of Complications in High-Risk Sickle Cell Disease Patients Following Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation – about $1.75 million over four years
Protalex, Inc (Florham Park, New Jersey), Richard Francovitch, Phase 1/2 Study of PRTX-100 for the Treatment of Immune Thrombocytopenia — about $500,000 over two years
Sloan-Kettering Institute for Cancer Research (New York), Ping Chi, Phase 2 Study of MEK162 & Imatinib for the Treatment of Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumors — $2 million over four years
Tocagen Inc. (San Diego), Asha Das, Phase 2/3 Study of Toca 511 +Toca FC versus SOC in Recurrent Glioblastoma and Anaplastic Astrocytoma — $2 million over four years
University of California, San Francisco (San Francisco), Marshall Stoller, Phase 2 Study of Lipoic Acid for the Treatment of Cystine Nephrolithiasis — about $2 million over four years
Since its creation in 1983, the Orphan Products Clinical Trials Grants Program has provided more than $390 million to fund more than 600 new clinical studies. At least 60 grants have supported the marketing approval of more than 55 orphan products. Three of the studies funded by this grants program supported product approvals in 2016 alone, including much-needed treatments for aortic wall injury in patients with coarctation of the aorta and severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (also known as sinusoidal obstructive syndrome).
The FDA, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, protects the public health by assuring the safety, effectiveness, and security of human and veterinary drugs, vaccines and other biological products for human use, and medical devices. The agency also is responsible for the safety and security of our nation's food supply, cosmetics, dietary supplements, products that give off electronic radiation, and for regulating tobacco products.
There was a lot to love — or maybe hate — about the 1980s. Walkmans. Bangles. Mullets. And … Donald Trump.
Yes, even 2017's president-elect can sometimes seem out of a different era (one with a lot more velour and perms). "Many of ... Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, The Art of the Deal was published, and he first flirted with running for public office," The Associated Press reports.
But a love of Bobby Knight and Sylvester Stallone is not the only thing Trump is holding on to:
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as he first floated running for president, he took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was "paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves." His frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today. In The Art of the Deal, he voiced positions on trade he still holds today. That book, which made him a household name when it was published in 1987, also holds many of the principles that guided Trump's business career — and, decades later, his bombastic campaign for the White House. [The Associated Press]
And that's not even to mention Trump Tower's "gold lamé party dress" interior. Jeva Lange
Former Tiger Daniel Gossett Makes MLB Debut
CLEMSON, S.C. (CAC) – Former Tiger righthander Daniel Gossett (Lyman, S.C.) made his major league debut with the Oakland Athletics in a start against the Marlins in Miami on Wednesday afternoon. Gossett became the 57th former Tiger to play in a major league game and fifth in 2017, joining Mike Freeman (Mariners), Dominic Leone (Blue Jays), Brad Miller (Rays) and Tony Sipp (Astros). CLEMSON, S.C. (CAC) – Former Tiger righthander Daniel Gossett (Lyman, S.C.) made his major league debut with the Oakland Athletics in a start against the Marlins in Miamiafternoon. Gossett became the 57th former Tiger to play in a major league game and fifth in 2017, joining Mike Freeman (Mariners), Dominic Leone (Blue Jays), Brad Miller (Rays) and Tony Sipp (Astros).
Gossett had played the entire 2017 season at the AAA level with Nashville (Tenn.), where he was 3-3 with a 3.41 ERA and 54 strikeouts against 19 walks in 60.2 innings pitched over 11 starts. He has played his entire four-year professional career in the Athletic organization, amassing a 19-22 record, 3.55 ERA and 342 strikeouts against 113 walks in 383.0 innings pitched over 77 appearances (66 starts) in the minors.
In 282.2 innings pitched over 50 appearances (41 starts) as a Tiger from 2012-14, Gossett was 23-9 with two saves, a 2.80 ERA, .211 opponents' batting average and 285 strikeouts against 107 walks. The two-time All-ACC starting pitcher is in the top 10 in school history in career strikeouts, innings pitched, shutouts (3), strikeouts per nine innings pitched (9.07) and wins.
As a junior in 2014, Gossett was 7-2 with a 1.93 ERA, .202 opponents' batting average and 107 strikeouts against 30 walks in 107.1 innings pitched over 15 starts, as he earned second-team All-America honors and was a First-Team All-ACC selection. After the season, he was drafted in the second round (No. 65 overall pick) by the Athletics.
With Gossett's appearance in the majors on Wednesday , every Tiger team from 1974 to 2014 has now had at least one future major leaguer on its roster.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A music fan celebrating her 28th birthday was killed in the Las Vegas massacre just moments before her was about to propose.
Andrea Castilla was with her boyfriend, Derek Miller, her sister, Athena, and another friend, at the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival on Sunday, October 1.
Derek had been waiting for the right moment in the evening to pop the question when terror struck.
As shots rang out around the crowd, Andrea shouted 'duck' but it was too late, she had been hit in the left side of her head.
Speaking to ABC News , Athena said she immediately dropped to the ground to shield her sister from further gunfire.
"She was struggling to breathe and I just held her head. We were trying to find the wound... I've never seen so much blood in my entire life."
Athena remembers people starting to run all around them as her sister lay helpless on the ground.
The group eventually managed to construct a make-shift stretcher out of a concert barrier and carry Andrea to a nearby pick-up truck that was taking the injured to hospital.
Athena added: "We couldn't give up on her. She deserved a chance to get help. She was literally dying in my arms."
In a cruel twist of fate, the family were mistakenly told at the hospital that Andrea was still alive, only to discover several hours later that she had passed away.
After they were given the devastating news, Athena reassured Derek that Andrea would have said "yes" if he'd have had chance to ask her to marry him that night.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: Anadolu)
"I told him, she would have said 'yes' immediately."
Stephen Paddock killed 58 people as he shot victims at a nearby country music festival from his high-rise hotel suite.
The massacre left hundreds more injured as bullets fired by gunman Paddock rained down from the 32nd floor of the nearby Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Police said they had no information about Paddock's motive, he had no criminal record and was not believed to be connected to any militant group.
Detectives say the 64-year-old gunman, from Nevada, killed himself before they stormed his hotel room.
Paddock is believed to have used a high-powered assault rifle to blast his victims at the end of a performance by country music star Aldean.
LAHORE, Aug 13 (APP): Federal Minister for Religious
Affairs Sardar Muhammad Yousuf has said that satisfaction of
the pilgrims (Hujjaj) is priority of the government.
Talking to the media during his visit to the Haji Camp
here on Sunday, he said that the ministry was trying to provide
better facilities to the pilgrims and their relatives at Haji
camp; however, crowd of relatives outside Haji Camp was a
a bit risky.
He said that in the last few years, Hajj arrangements have
been improved.
To a question, he said that work on an alternative place
for Haji camp is under progress.
To another question, he said that Pakistan always
facilitated the Indian religious visitors and visas were
provided on time but the Indian government usually refused visa at
the last moment to Pakistani visitors.
Earlier, the minister visited the Haji camp and expressed
his satisfaction at the arrangements.
Like many people, I am certainly guilty of believing that more expensive always means better. Despite the fact that I enjoy a $7 burrito as much (or more than) a fancy Mexican dinner, and that I fully believe good ol' Vaseline can compete with any state-of-the-art lip balm, there is still part of me that thinks that if you're paying more, you must be paying for something. But drug store and affordable beauty products I've tested consistently prove that I'm wrong about that. However, affordable eye shadow has always made me nervous despite the resurgence of quality, affordable brands. That is, until I discovered Flower Beauty's $11 Wanderlust palettes. After swatching the shades at my desk, I knew I had to try out the six-shade palettes for real.
I decided to use two of the $11 Flower Beauty palettes against a favorite luxury palette of mine — which includes 14 shades for $42 — by doing the same look on each eye, using the different palettes. That equals out to 12 shades for $22 versus 14 shades for $42. It's worth noting, though, that I only used four shades total for my look on each eye.
I started in the outer corner with the darkest shade I wanted to use: a rich, warm brown in both palettes (the top right shade in the Austin version of the Wanderlust palette). The earthy tone looked gorgeous on each eye, and interestingly, both shades had an equal amount of fall out. The Flower shade was a tad bit less pigmented, but this made it easier to work with in a way. If I was a little more skilled with makeup, the higher pigment option might work for me, but since I'm still a beginner and would rather build up to pigment rather than try to take pigment away, the slightly more muted shade worked perfectly for me — and was super easy to darken up later.
Courtesy Olivia Muenter
My left eye in this photo is with the Flower Beauty shades, and my right eye is with the more expensive palette.
Courtesy Olivia Muenter
Next, I went in all over the lid with a light brown shade. This was the top right shade in the New York Wanderlust palette. Again, I found the more expensive version to be slightly more pigmented, but because of this I found it ultimately tougher to blend out. Next, I added a muted pink shade from both palettes to the center of the lid (the bottom middle shade in the New York Wanderlust palette).
Courtesy Olivia Muenter
Again, there was not much difference here in formula other than the Flower Beauty palette leaned slightly more shimmery while the other shade was completely matte.
Wanderlust Eyeshadow Palettes In New York & Austin, $10.99/each, Ulta
Next I went in with the shade that looked the most different on each eye — the sparkly, shimmery gold. The major difference here was that the actual glitter was smaller in size in the more expensive palette. This means that the shade went on creamy and smooth, but didn't ultimately pick up as much light as the chunkier glitter shade in the Wanderlust palette did (I used the top left shade in the New York palette, for reference). After blending the gold shade into my center lid and inner corner on both eyes, I was shocked to find that while I liked the application of the more expensive shade a little more, the Flower shade actually looked gorgeous — and maybe even more expensive.
It's also worth noting that I used four shades between two of the Wanderlust palettes in order to match them as closely as possible to the expensive palette. But the six shades in each Flower Beauty palette would make amazing full looks on their own. The combination of neutrals with glitter as well as bold statement colors offers truly endless combinations. And for $11 a piece, it's a solid beauty investment. You could buy all three for less than the luxury palette and have four more shades to play with.
I did this makeup look on Instagram live and no one watching could guess which eye was done with the more expensive palette. In fact, the few people who did guess assumed the left, Flower Beauty eye was the more expensive shadow. I saw a friend in person later in the day and she assumed the same thing — that my left eye featured the more expensive shadows. It's also worth noting that both shadows wore exactly the same; neither smudged nor wore off throughout the day.
I will always love luxury palettes — the pigments, the dozens of shades, the oversized, gorgeous cases. But affordable eyeshadow palettes are out there, and they're just as good as anything else you use. Ultimately, they'll last just as long, be used just as much, and cost you a lot less; it's a no brainer.
LAHORE, Dec 11 (APP):National Sports Competition 2017 jointly organized by Punjab University, Higher Education Commission of Pakistan and The Educationist begun here at PU New Campus gymnasium on Monday.
Around 1000 players of 100 teams of universities, colleges and schools from different parts of Pakistan are participating in the event.
The five-day competitions include hockey, cricket, football,
table tennis, volleyball, squash, rowing, basketball, badminton,
swimming, athletics, tug-of-war, soft ball and kabaddi.
The inaugural and flag march past ceremony of the competitions
was held at the PU gymnasium in which PU Director Sports Dr Zafar
Iqbal Butt, Institute of Communication Studies Incharge Dr Noshina
Saleem, Assistant Professor Shabbir Sarwar, Deputy Director Sports
Zubair Butt, Director External Relations The Educationist AR Sajid, coaches, managers and a large number of players participated.
Addressing the ceremony, Dr Zafar Iqbal Butt said that our society lacked healthy sports opportunities but such competitions provided
a platform to the players to show their potential. He expressed the
hope that our youth would play important role to highlight positive
image of the country through sports.
In her address, Dr Noshina Saleem said that a large number of participants from remote areas of the country were giving a good
message to show national unity. She said that sports were important
part of our life and it was necessary to promote sports in our
society for healthy mind and healthy body.
Shabbir Sarwar said that sports could play role to eradicate
culture of intolerance from our society because sports help players learn the art of winning and losing and losers do appreciate winners showing high level of tolerance. He thanked Higher Education Commission Chairman Dr Mukhtar Ahmed, PU Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Zafar Moeen Nasir and sports department for extending all-out support for organizing the event.
Earlier, players from Azad Jammu & Kashmir, Malakand, Bhakkar,
Gujrat, Jhelum, Kasur, Islamabad, Pattoki, Sarai Alamgir and Kot Radha Kishan displayed their flags and presented their team delegations on the venue. Special children are also competing normal players in these competitions which would continue until December 15.
Follow Jeff Add to circle
Having an old BMW convertible laying around to tinker with is a good problem to have. Upgrade the engine? OK, but easy. Suspension? That's beginner stuff. Delightfully insane British YouTuber Colin Furze, turned his old Bimmer into a hot tub on wheels.
Your move.
Furze has a history of cranking out ridiculous creations, which range from jet-powered bicycles and homemake hoverbikes to thermite launchers and fireworks "Deathstars." He is as entertaining as he is mad. That's why BMW turned to him for what it's calling a Mad Mod.
Starting with a 1989 BMW 325i convertible, Colin transformed the car so it would be able to handle the coming deluge. All of the electronics have been relocated and protected. In fact, the ignition is now located up by the front windshield wipers. The cabin space has been protected so it can hold water and the engine works as a heater for the water. From there, a pair of leaf blowers were installed and mounted next to the rear top when it's stowed. They serve to produce the bubbles in the hot tub.
To fill the car, Furze and a friend drove to a nearby carwash—clever, but perhaps not ideal. Still, it achieves the goal of getting a bit of water into the cabin of the BMW. As the pair drove away, the BMW earned its sea legs without spilling a drop. They still need the bubble action. The leaf blowers fire up and the rolling hot tub continues its journey.
Eventually the pair finished their drive and wound up by the water. It's there where we're treated to a bonus feature of this old convertible. The rear trunk lid doubles up as a grill, and the pair of presenters finished the day with some freshly cooked fish and chips.
Now we just need Colin to test the car with a full load of water to see if it might be the fastest hot tub in the world.
It's not every day that you see Darth Vader and Bobba Fett testing their lightsaber skills on the roof of a Leeds shopping centre.
But that's just what happened at Trinity Leeds yesterday when the pair helped to clean the shopping centre's huge glass windows ahead of the launch of Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
Dan Wharton, marketing manager at Trinity Leeds, said: “With the launch of Star Wars: The Last Jedi just around the corner, Darth Vader and Boba Fett wanted to help get our shopping centre looking spick and span ahead of Thursday.
"The appearance really got shoppers excited about the release of the film, now just a couple of days away – everyone was taking photos and waving to them.
“We are really excited to be celebrating the launch of such an iconic and eagerly anticipated film at the city's only luxury cinema, Everyman Leeds. The film is certainly one not to be missed and we hope to see lots of people at the launch.”
The Last Jedi will be screened at Everyman Leeds on Thursday, December 14.
Darth Vader and Bobba Fett on the roof of Trinity Leeds.
Protests in Kulgam against forces' atrocities
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, many students were injured when Indian police used brute force on students who were protesting in Pulwama, today against the brutalities of Indian troops on the student community and common people across the territory. Students of Government Degree College and Higher Secondary School took to the streets in Pulwama to press for the release of all illegally detained students arrested during the ongoing students' agitation. Protest demonstrations marked by complete shutdown, were held in Frisal area of Kulgam district against the vandalizing of houses and private vehicles by the Indian troops. In another incident, doctors stayed away from work at Government Medical College Srinagar in protest against the thrashing of a fellow doctor by police.
The joint resistance leadership comprising Syed Ali Gilani, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Muhammad Yasin Malik in a statement issued in Srinagar, today, called for peaceful protest demonstrations on Friday against raids by India's National Investigation Agency and brutalities of Indian troops in Shopian district. They said that NIA was being used to harass the genuine Kashmiri leadership and GST to cripple the local economy. Syed Ali Gilani expressed serious concern over interrogation of ailing APHC leader Altaf Shah by NIA officials in Delhi.
The authorities booked Tehreek-e-Hurriyat leader, Fayaz Ahmad Dar under the draconian Public Safety Act and shifted him to Kathua jail in Jammu.
Interestingly, at a time when Indian Army's brutalities have broken all past records in the Valley, people in Kashmir, especially government employees and local police celebrated the recent victory of Pakistan team against Sri Lanka. A senior government officer had organized a feast over the win of Pakistan and many government employees participated in the function.
Meanwhile, at least sixteen Indian paramilitary and police personnel were critically injured in different attacks in Tral, Islamabad, Pulwama and Sopore areas. The attackers took away self-loading rifles of the policemen in Islamabad district. A high alert was sounded across Kashmir Valley following these attacks.
On the other hand, Kashmiri leaders while speaking at a seminar, held on the sidelines of 35th session of the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva, demanded initiation of criminal proceeding against Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi for committing crimes against humanity in occupied Kashmir. Syed Faiz Naqshbanid, Shameem Shawl and Pervez Ahmad Shah were among the speakers.—KMS
A new study finds roughly half of those enrolled in Michigan's Medicaid program since its expansion have jobs and another quarter unemployed are likely to be in poor health.
Authors of the study released Monday by the University of Michigan Institute for Healthcare Policy and Innovation say the findings raise concerns about work requirements for Medicaid enrollees. The Trump administration urges states to consider changes to Medicaid programs to encourage work and independence and some have asked for work requirements or other waivers.
Lead author Renuka Tipirneni asks if screening and tracking enrollees are worthwhile when a minority aren't employed and are potentially able to work.
The peer-reviewed study is based on surveys of about 4,000 people enrolled in Michigan's program. The findings were published in JAMA Internal Medicine.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Goldman Sachs, like most banks, has a page dedicated to diversity on its website. On it, chief executive Lloyd Blankfein says: “Diversity is at the very core of our ability to serve our clients well and to maximise return for our shareholders.”
The bank, however, does not look very diverse to the outside world. This was thrown into sharp relief last week when a Goldman publicity shot of Blankfein and his two chief lieutenants did the rounds on social media, in the wake of reports that the CEO will soon stand down.
...
Indy News: Co-Creator of Wrestling Society X Kevin Kleinman discusses the Wrestling Show on its 10th Anniversary
Kleinman says the promotion wanted to sign Sami Zayn at one point.
@aarohthepalkar by Aaroh Palkar News 15 Feb 2017, 18:56 IST
Wrestling Society X celebrated its 10th Anniversary
What's the story?
On the 10th of February, Wrestling Society X's co-creator and booker Kevin Kleinman participated in an interview with Paste magazine, wherein he spoke about how he got the idea for WS-X and which Superstars he wanted to sign for the now-defunct show's second season.
In case you didn't know...
Wrestling Society X was a wrestling show, presented as a secret society, wherein matches used to take place in an arena known to the audiences as the WSX Bunker. Every match in WSX came under the "Falls Count Anywhere" stipulation.
The show's creators used highly vocal plants in the audience. Special effects were also used to give the show a unique feeling.
Before the beginning of every show, WSX featured guest musical performances. Wrestlers of today, such as Seth Rollins, Matt Sydal, Joey Ryan, Justin Credible, and much more, were a part of the show.
The heart of the matter
Kleinman, while discussing the origins of WSX, said that he got the idea for the show after finding out that many punk rock bands were into wrestling, especially Xtreme Pro Wrestling, which was a backyard wrestling promotion.
Kleinman said that initially, they were going to name the show "Rancid Wrestling Federation". But, the popular punk-rock band didn't allow MTV to use their name because they wanted total autonomy with everything that included their name. Thus, after throwing around a few more names, Kleinman came up with Wrestling Society X.
Kleinman also revealed the Superstars he wanted to sign for the show's season. He said that performers such as Fergal Devitt (Finn Balor), El Generico (Sami Zayn), Nigel McGuinness, PAC (Neville), and Bryan Danielson (Daniel Bryan) were thrown around for consideration.
The interview on this long-forgotten promotion had been conducted to celebrate its 10th anniversary.
What's next?
WSX's co-creator Kevin Kleinman now presides over the Masked Republic, a media organisation, which focuses on Lucha Libre. He also works for Viz Media as the Director of Digital Operations and Partner Development.
Sportskeeda's take
WSX was the Lucha Underground before Lucha Underground came to be. Someday, we may get the opportunity to see a reboot of the franchise. With the right minds and right talent, anything's possible.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Saudi Crown Prince Begins Trip Across America Looking For Investors As Saudi crown prince, Mohammad Bin Salman travels across America he will have one major hurdle: Americans don't like his country very much. His itinerary looks like a public relations campaign to reset U.S. public opinion.
Ready Player One, the Ernest Cline book sensation that was, in part, the inspiration for Oculus VR, has been turned into a movie ready to hit the big screen in March. And today, we've gotten the first official trailer for the movie.
There are some very mild spoiler alerts ahead, so if you're hyper sensitive you can click this link to watch the trailer without reading on.
Ready Player One tells the story of Wade Watts, a teenager living in 2045 who's only escape from the overcrowded real world is through an existence in virtual reality. The universal platform for virtual reality is called the Oasis, and following the death of its creator, the Oasis and several hundred boatloads of money are up for grabs by way of a contest set up by the late founder.
The book is one of my personal favorites and Steve Spielberg, director of the movie, hopes the film will live up to the novel's reputation.
At San Diego Comic Con, Spielberg released a preview trailer that focused on exposition — what does the world look like in 2045? This latest trailer gets deeper into the actual plot line of the film.
March, can you get here already?
ISLAMABAD, Apr 24 (APP):Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi Tuesday chaired the 37th meeting of the Council of Common Interests (CCI) here at the PM Office.
Chief Minister Punjab Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif, Chief Minister Sindh Syed Murad Ali Shah, Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pervez Khattak, Chief Minister Balochistan Abdul Quddus Bizenjo, federal and provincial ministers and senior officials were present.
The CCI discussed the National Water Policy.
Moscow
The Indian Army has been exposed as the much hyped army was eliminated from a multi-nation tank competition in Russia after both of its T-90 main battle tanks developed technical problems at the Alabino ranges in the Moscow region.
According to reports, the Indian army had sent two T-90s, a main tank and a reserve one and a 21-man crew for the tank biathlon at the 2017 International Army Games in Russia. Army officers said India had a good start at the biathlon but the Indian Army was disqualified from the competition after both Russian-origin tanks broke down during the penultimate round.
The officers said the main tank's fan belt broke, while the other failed to perform after its engine oil leaked.
China with its Type-96B tank and Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan with different T-72 variants raced to the last round of the competition in which 19 countries took part. Other participants included Azerbaijan, Angola, Armenia, Belarus, Venezuela, Zimbabwe, Iran and Mongolia.
Degraded engine performance of T-90s, the mainstay of India's tank fleet, is a concern for the army. The tanks are unable to operate for sustained periods in high temperatures due to radiator problems, revealed a report by the army design bureau earlier this year.
India will be spending thousands of crores of rupees on upgrading its T-90 fleet in the coming years. The tanks will be equipped with more powerful 1,200-1,500 HP modular engines. The army has an estimated requirement for 2,011 such engines with each likely to cost Rs 5 crore.
The T-90 fleet will also be equipped with ‘armoured fighting vehicle protection and counter measure systems' at a cost of around Rs 2,500 crore. New third-generation missiles are also part of the T-90 upgrade. The T-90s are a replacement for the T-55 tanks and the older variants of the T-72s. More than 1,000 T-90s have been inducted in the army.—INP
Buy Photo File (Photo: The Detroit News)Buy Photo
A 61-year-old man is recovering after being shot in his head while riding a bike on Detroit's west side early Sunday morning.
The bullet had traveled through the cyclist's head and exited through his nose before he pedaled to a party store to get help.
The shooting took place 12:15 a.m. Sunday, in the area of Northfield and West Warren, which is east of Livernois.
After hearing a bang, the victim realized he'd been shot. The victim then pedaled to a party store on the 5000 block of West Warren and asked store staff to call police.
Police recovered a bullet at the scene but have not yet made an arrest. No suspect description is immediately available.
jdickson@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2BaqM3o
SEOUL, South Korea – A top lieutenant of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is in the United States conducting one of three sets of parallel talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump.
Kim Yong Chol is meeting with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in New York to finalize plans for the summit, while lower-level officials have been meeting at the inter-Korean border and in Singapore for other pre-summit negotiations.
More: Trump team seeks to nail down details of Kim Jong-un meeting
More: Insider's account of North Korea reveals why Trump may be forever disappointed
A look at what is at stake in the three sets of talks:
–––
U.S. TALKS
Kim Yong Chol is likely to convey to Pompeo that Kim Jong-un is serious about the summit and also to discuss the contents of a joint statement to be issued at its end.
Some experts say major thorny issues are still unsettled between the two countries, and that is why a senior official like Kim Yong Chol has traveled to the United States to narrow the gap.
Trump abruptly canceled the summit last Thursday before quickly reversing course and announcing the meeting could happen. His decision came amid widespread doubt in the United States that North Korea would be willing to actually scrap a nuclear program it has struggled for decades to build.
Meanwhile, South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who met Kim Jong-un last Saturday, said the North Korean leader is uncertain whether he can trust Trump's promise to provide a security guarantee if North Korea abandons its nuclear weapons.
Given these basic concerns, Kim Yong Chol's talks with Pompeo are likely to focus on a possible compromise between Washington's push for a speedy nuclear disarmament and North Korea's preference for more gradual steps matched by corresponding benefits from the U.S.
Kim Yong Chol, 72, is the most senior North Korean official to visit the United States since 2000. His official title is vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party. He previously headed North Korea's military intelligence agency and was believed to be behind two attacks in 2010 that killed 50 South Koreans and a 2014 cyberattack on Sony Pictures.
–––
DMZ TALKS
U.S. and North Korean officials started talks on the North's side of a border village on Sunday to set the agenda for the summit. The village is inside the mine-strewn 4-kilometer (2.5-mile) -wide Demilitarized Zone, a buffer created at the end of the 1950-53 Korean War.
The U.S. delegation is headed by Sung Kim, the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines who served as America's top negotiator to now-stalled six-nation talks on North Korean nuclear disarmament, and as its ambassador to Seoul. In 2008, he witnessed North Korea's destruction of the cooling tower at its main nuclear complex in a show of good faith with the United States. In recent years, however, satellite photos have indicated that North Korea has restarted its plutonium reactor at the complex.
His North Korean counterpart is Vice Foreign Minister Choe Son Hui, the North's highest-ranking female diplomat. A recent statement by Choe threatening to scuttle the summit and warning Washington of a nuclear showdown led Trump to temporarily cancel the summit, citing “open hostility” from the North.
The two sides are believed to have exchanged their countries' views on North Korea's denuclearization, America's security assurances and other issues. South Korean media said they wrapped up their talks on Wednesday after Kim Yong Chol's departure for New York.
Choe served as an English-language interpreter during the six-party talks, while Sung Kim, a Korean American, is fluent in Korean. Analysts say that is likely to have smoothed their talks because they could understand each other even when they were speaking their own languages at the negotiating table.
–––
SINGAPORE TALKS
This meeting is to plan protocol, security and other logistical issues and might also include determining when and where in Singapore the summit would be held.
The two countries originally planned to hold the summit in Singapore on June 12. After putting the summit back on track, Trump tweeted Friday that it “will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th, and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date.”
A delegation led by another of Kim Jong-un's trusted aides, Kim Chang Son, flew to Singapore on Monday night. South Korean media reported that he began talks with Joe Hagin, the White House deputy chief of staff for operations, who is in Singapore with other U.S. officials.
No details have emerged about the talks. Possible venues for the summit include Singapore's presidential palace, the Shangri-La hotel and the Marina Bay Sands hotel.
Kim Chang Son served as Kim Jong-un's chief of staff after the 34-year-old leader took power in late 2011. His current official title is a departmental director at the State Affairs Commission, which is headed by Kim Jong-un.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
PAUL Gray, the lead singer of Australian band Wa Wa Née, who had a string of hits in the 1980s has died after a battle with myeloma.
Wa Wa Née's debut album in 1986 produced a string of hits: Stimulation, which reached number two on the charts and I Could Make You Love Me, which reach number five.
Another single from the album, Sugar Free, also reached number 35 on the US billboard chart.
A follow-up album in 1989 fared less well, and the band broke up soon after.
Gray continued working in the music industry with acts including Tina Arena, Kate Ceberano and Bardot.
Camera Icon Wa Wa Née in 1988 (l-r) The Sween, Paul Gray, Mark Gray and Steve Williams. Picture: News Corp Australia
Tatiana Marchant, Head of music publicity group Estellar PR worked with Gray on some music tribute shows.
“He was just a genuinely good person had all the time in the world for people, worked to everyone's strengths,” Marchant said
“Everyone loved him, the producers, the artists, the musicians, the orchestras, the conductors, they all just loved him and loved working with him”
“He was actually shy about his fame in the '80s”
Gray was the music director in a number of musical tribute shows in recent years including the Beatles orchestra shows, Led Zeppelin tribute shows, and the Pure Gold 80s show.
He had been battling the illness for over four years.
Tributes have started to flow from music industry figures.
Senator Shehu Sani (APC-Kaduna Central) has called on President Muhammdu Buhari to resign as Minister of Petroleum Resources.
The Kaduna Senator said Buhari should appoint someone else to take over the position.
Sani spoke in a statement on Thursday, adding that Buhari had little time for him to handle that position being the president.
"President Buhari should disengage from being a Petroleum Minister and appoint a substantive minister whom the nation can hold accountable to the happenings in the nation oil industry,” he said.
"The President position as a minister can drag him into issues in the oil sector of which he has limited time to attend to. A broom immersed in oil cannot sweep clean".
A recent Canadian study suggests that women over 40 have the highest risk of preterm births and use of reproductive technology or medical interventions such as induced labor or a planned C-section cannot solely be held responsible for that.
Pregnancy lasts for 40 weeks and babies born after 37 weeks are considered full-term babies. This study concerns babies delivered within 32-36 weeks of pregnancy and the extremely premature babies delivered before 32 weeks of gestation. The study was conducted by Florent Fuchs of CHU Sainte Justine in Montreal and his colleagues who examined the data of 184,000 births in 32 hospitals in Quebec, Canada.
7.8 percent of pregnancies in women over 40 resulted in preterm births, one percent faced extremely premature deliveries, whereas women aged between 30 to 34 have the lowest risk of preterm deliveries.
The study asserts that mothers who are above 40 might have premature deliveries either due to induced labour or due to the usage of other medical interventions. Researchers, therefore, concluded that age itself is a primary cause of preterm births.
Antonio Simone Lagana of the Filippo Del Ponte Hospital and the University of Insubria in Varese, Italy says that the age-old belief of preterm births caused by "early labour induction for medical conditions" is a myth. He further states that advanced maternal age is the primary cause for early deliveries followed by "placenta previa, gestational diabetes, medical history, use of assisted reproduction technologies and occurrence of invasive procedures". These are all common in older mothers.
The oldest mothers who were part of the study went into early labour on their own. Alice Goisis of the London School of Economics states that doctors are not responsible for all the premature deliveries. Medical intervention alone cannot be held responsible for the same.
Premature babies face difficulty in breathing or digesting food weeks after birth. Hearing, cognitive skills and social behavioural patterns are also affected in preemies.
Women aged 40 and above are prone to obesity, pregnancy-related diabetes or high blood pressure as well as placenta previa, where the placenta nourishing the baby detaches itself from the uterine wall. These usually induce premature delivery.
One drawback of the study is that the data on the weight of the mothers were missing for at least 28 percent of the participants. Other factors that can be held responsible for preterm births such as socioeconomic status have not been covered as well.
Ali Khashan of the School of Public Health and INFANT Center at University College Cork in Ireland suggests that women aged 40 and above should take necessary precautions to avoid preterm delivery and should focus on their health services early in pregnancy.
New head of Azerbaijan's State Customs Committee introduced to staff (PHOTO)
2018-04-24 17:11 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
Trend:
Safar Mehdiyev, who was appointed chairman of Azerbaijan's State Customs Committee by the order of Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev dated April 23, 2018, was introduced to the committee's staff by Assistant to the Azerbaijani President for Economic Issues Ali Asadov, the committee said in a message April 24.
ANC processes in place to address Mahumapelo
Share
Under fire Premier of the North West Supra Mahumapelo is seen on the sidelines of an ANC meeting held to discuss his future in Mahikeng. Credit: EWN.
African National Congress (ANC) secretary-general Ace Magashule says the issue of the North West premier stepping down or not is ongoing and discussions to put the matter to bed are happening.
He says there are factors that need to be considered and that those issues are receiving the necessary attention.
Several North West communities have turned to violent protests in demonstrating their dissatisfaction with Premier Supra Mahumapelo.
Health facilities are among the worst services affected, with several remaining closed.
Magashule says that there is a process in place to address the Mahumapelo issue.
“We've actually mandated the president to deal with some government issues and the ANC is continuing to deal with organisational challenges and other issues.”
While the ANC entertains the organisational and governmental issues, how long should residents wait for the outcome?
“Very soon you'll get a report,” Magashule told the media.
A heavy police presence remains in protest-hit communities in efforts to calm tensions.
Schools and other essential services in those hotspots remains halted.
‘ANTI-SUPRA MAHUMAPELO POLITICAL CAMPAIGN'
The ANC in the North West is expected to hold a briefing on the political developments in the province.
Mahumapelo is accused of fraud and corruption but refuses to step down.
A man was killed, several buildings and vehicles torched, and shops looted during last week's protests prompting President Cyril Ramaphosa to visit the area, appealing for calm.
The ANC in the North West says regional leaders together with its provincial executive committee will on Tuesday give details on what it calls the anti-Supra Mahumapelo political campaign.
The party is also expected to give evidence of an alleged secret operation centre that's been used for the campaign to have Mahumapelo ousted.
Magashule insists both the ANC and government are dealing with all issues concerning Mahumapelo's future as premier.
EWN
Recent news has been replete with tales that Massachusetts is one of the worst states with dangerous mosquitoes and ticks, second to Pennsylvania, "CDC: Massachusetts among top states for tick-borne illnesses," May 8, page C1. Nothing was mentioned about the cause and prevention of the spread plus eradication.
We have deer checking stations. Are deer hunters or the checkers spraying deer harvested that may be infected before they are brought home to a distant town with active ticks, eggs and larvae? Are we doing anything about reducing the size of our overpopulated deer herds in Massachusetts? What other game might be carriers and what's being done about limiting the spread of insects on them?
After some research I found that the half dozen spraying sources are in the Greater Boston area. Do central and western Massachusetts get sprayed?
Leash laws are loosely enforced. I had to install a fence to keep aggressive neighborhood dogs off my property. We also have six to eight cats roaming our yard. How far do "free range" pets wander and what do they bring back with them? Combination flea, tick and mosquito collars are advertised on TV for dogs and cats. How long are they effective? Would a requirement to install a fresh bug collar with the annual license limit the spread of disease carrying insects?
When household pets tag along to Pennsylvania campgrounds on vacations, would spraying them or getting new collars before returning to home reduce our problem?
Tim Parker, Ware
Presidential candidate Ahn Cheol-soo claimed Tuesday that the North Korean regime of Kim Jong-un is "afraid" he will take power because of his strong commitment to national defense.
The nominee of the center-left People's Party made the claim in response to a North Korean media report that disparaged him as the "lesser evil" for conservatives in an election shaping up to be a two-way race between Ahn and Moon Jae-in of the liberal Democratic Party.
Ahn Cheol-soo of the People's Party holds a campaign rally in Daegu, 302 kilometers southeast of Seoul, on April 18, 2017. (Yonhap)
"North Korea has referred to me as the lesser evil. The Kim Jong-un regime is afraid of me," the candidate said on his campaign trail in Daegu, 302 kilometers southeast of Seoul. "They are afraid of the firm alliance between South Korea and the US, and of strong independent defense capabilities."Critics have accused Ahn of lacking principles on national security, saying he reversed his position to accept the deployment of a US missile defense system in South Korea.Ahn was speaking in a conservative stronghold at a time when North Korea has ratcheted up regional tensions with threats of another nuclear or missile test.In the absence of a strong conservative contender, conservative voters who are sensitive to North Korea issues have been swaying in favor of Ahn over the liberal front-runner advocating engagement with Pyongyang."I issue a clear warning to the Kim Jong-un regime of North Korea," Ahn said. "Abandon your nuclear weapons. Stop your provocations." The presidential election is set for May 9. (Yonhap)
A bill that would pour more than 300 million dollars into a new state program to help reduce health insurance premiums passes the Minnesota House.
The bill would set up an 11 member board to administer the program to backfill the cost of large healthcare claims. Funding for the program would come from the Health Care Access Fund, which is currently the funding source for MinnesotaCare.
Premiums jumped by as much as 67 percent for shoppers buying insurance on their own this year, leading lawmakers to use 312 million dollars in budget reserves to buy down monthly rates for 2017.
State Rep. Tina Liebling (DFL – Rochester) released the following statement:
“House Republicans propose to pay insurance companies hundreds of millions of dollars per year without any guarantee of public benefit. The companies will be in charge of doling out subsidies to themselves from a fund filled with public dollars and will have wide discretion about how much the subsidy will be. The funds that will be directed into the insurance company subsidies are currently used to help provide MinnesotaCare insurance for working but low-income Minnesotans. The Republican proposal is supposed to reduce premiums for people who buy individual insurance, but does not require the companies to give any cost reduction to the consumer, and it does nothing at all to improve access to health care for these customers. “To give to the wealthy, HF 5 also takes from the working poor by diverting money now used to pay for MinnesotaCare. Republicans have tried to dismantle MinnesotaCare in the past, and have not revealed any plan to replace it after the funding is diverted and the provider tax goes away. MinnesotaCare serves about 82,000 Minnesotans, many of whom live in rural Minnesota. If Republicans succeed in dismantling MinnesotaCare it is likely that these Minnesotans will go without any coverage.”
U.S. Sen. Al Franken (D) said today the Republican health care plan would hurt Minnesotans.
Lackawanna County Commissioners to meet Wednesday night
Panel: Lackawanna County Fair appears viable The idea of a new Lackawanna County Fair is gaining momentum, with a committee formed by county commissioners last year urging a focus on community and cultural heritage. (read more)
Court ruling gives new hope of release to juvenile lifers An Old Forge man convicted of brutally killing two young children 36 years ago has a better chance at freedom because of a new court ruling. (read more)
CHRIS KELLY: Read my eclipse Metaphors this easily exploited don't come around often. The last total solar eclipse over the United States cast a momentary shadow on Feb. 26, 1979. (read more)
Local History: World War I hero remembered He flew for France and the United States in World War I, earning the Croix de Guerre with a palm and a distinguished service medal with bronze oak leaf. (read more)
ISTANBUL (AP) — At least 39 people were killed and nearly 70 injured in the mass shooting that took place in front of and inside a popular Istanbul nightclub in the first hours of New Year's Day. The victims included citizens of Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Lebanon, Iraq, France, Tunisia, India, Morocco, Jordan, Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria, Belgium, Germany and Russia.
Among them was a police officer and a security guard employed to keep revelers safe, a tour guide escorting visitors during a night on the town and young adults who had traveled to Turkey for the holidays.
A look at what is known so far about the victims and their nationalities.
___
Mehmet Kerim Akyil, 23, had traveled from Belgium to Istanbul for a New Year's vacation. His father, Ali Akyil, told state-run Anadolu news agency that they were a Turkish family who loved their country.
___
Bulent Sirvan Osman, 38, a married father of two from Erbil, Iraq, was in Istanbul for business, according to Anadolu.
___
Abdullah Ahmed Abbolos, a 32-year-old Palestinian living in Saudi Arabia, had come to Istanbul to celebrate the new year, Anadolu reported.
___
Abis Rizvi from Mumbai was one of two Indian victims of the attack. The 49-year-old builder wrote, produced and directed a Bollywood movie “Roar: The Tigers of Sunderbans,” in 2014 aimed at spreading awareness about tigers.
The other Indian victim was named as Khushi Shah, a fashion designer from Vadodara, a city in the western Indian state of Gujarat.
___
Hatice Karcilar, a 29-year-old private security guard, was among the Turkish victims of the attack, state-run Anadolu news agency reported. She is survived by her husband and a 3-year-old daughter, it said.
___
Turkish police officer Burak Yildiz was shot and killed outside the Reina nightclub, Anadolu reported. The 22-year-old from the southern city of Mersin had been on the force for 1½ years.
___
Ayhan Arik, a 47-year-old Turkish travel agent and a father of two, was shot in the head outside the club, reported the private Dogan news agency.
___
The Lebanese Foreign Ministry identified three of its citizens among the dead as Elias Wardini, Rita Shami and Haikal Musalam. The wounded included Bushra El Douaihy, the daughter of parliament member Estephan El Douaihy, it said.
___
Leanne Nasser, an 18-year-old Arab-Israeli from the town of Tira, was celebrating with friends when the gunman broke in and opened fire. Ruaa Mansour, also 18, was moderately wounded in the attack. Two other friends were unharmed.
___
The U.S. State Department confirmed that a 35-year-old Delaware businessman originally from Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania, wounded in the attack.
William Jacob Raak told the Dogan news agency that he was in the club with nine people, seven of whom were shot. Raak suffered a leg wound.
___
France's foreign minister says one French citizen was killed and three others wounded in the shooting.
Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said in a statement that a woman with both French and Tunisian citizenship died in the attack early Sunday. The woman's Tunisian husband also died, he said.
___
Dubai-based broadcaster Al Arabiya reported that seven people from Saudi Arabia were killed and 10 were wounded in the attack.
___
Two people from Bavaria are among the dead, according to Germany's Foreign Ministry.
Spokesman Martin Schaefer declined to name them, but said it appeared one was a German-Turkish dual citizen and the other was believed to have had only Turkish nationality. Three German citizens were wounded in the attack, he said.
___
Jordan's Foreign Ministry said two of its citizens were killed and six were wounded in the attack.
___
Kuwait's Consul-General Mohammad Fahad al-Mohammad said one Kuwaiti was killed and five others were wounded in the shooting.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Main image: Earth-i's orbiting 4K Ultra HD can stream live video of the planet. Credit: Earth-i
What if the images in Google Earth were refreshed not every fews years, but every few seconds. Or just streamed as live video of Earth shot from space? What if the famous Google Street View vehicles weren't vans, but drones?
All of this will soon be possible, thanks to a 4K Ultra HD camera that can stream full-color video back to Earth from more than 300 miles up. Meanwhile, drones and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are on the cusp of being able to offer high-resolution close-ups of everything, everywhere. Google Earth Engine has already made satellite imagery available for Earth scientists – is the future for Earth observation real-time video?
The first-ever color video from space
Having launched in January 2018, UK company Earth-i's VividX2 satellite began sending back the first full-color video. As well as multi-angle images that construct a 3D model, it has a 'video staring' mode; as it passes over at more than four miles per second it constantly reorients its camera to fix on a particular location, producing a two-minute, 50fps video of that location. Each pixel represents 60cm or just under 24 inches.
It can produce real-time video of airport runways, the movements of ships in harbors, and cargo around ports. The images can be used to monitor the exact number of cars on motorways, count how many people are crossing a national border, and even to calculate the real-time power output of a wind farm.
Earth-i's VividX2 satellite produces two-minute videos at 50fps (Image: © Earth-i)
Why do we need color video?
"If machine learning algorithms are applied, the addition of color definition offers much improved object recognition and tracking," says Richard Blain, chief executive at Earth-i. "Color also enables much improved change detection between different dates – particularly when the image or video acquisition conditions are not perfect."
Although it's already functioning, the VividX2 satellite is actually a prototype for the company's upcoming Vivid-i Constellation. "Earth-i will initially launch 15 satellites in batches of five," says Blain. "This will give a daily revisit capability for any location on Earth at a minimum of three different times per day once the constellation is complete."
VividX2 is a prototype for the company's Vivid-i Constellation. Credit: Earth-i
(Image: © Earth-i)
This is about big data
"Earth Observation data is becoming a major driver in the so-called Fourth Industrial Revolution – the era of Big Data analytics," says Blain, who adds that AI is critical in analyzing the petabytes of data. "Location data is the foundation on which many big data solutions are being built to drive better decision-making and policy thinking the world over."
There's now a lot of Earth Observation data around. As well as a plethora of commercial satellite datasets, free Earth Observation data is provided by the European Commission's Copernicus programme and the US Landsat satellites.
Earth Observation: Planet
Earth-i isn't the only company focused on producing real-time satellite imagery. Planet Labs has 200 satellites in orbit including 175-pluse Doves, 13 SkySats and five RapidEye satellites, which have lately been used to identify changes at weapons facilities in Iran and North Korea, and even to track migratory birds. However, it only produces still black-and-white images, albeit at up to 72cm-per-pixel resolution images. Planet uses 13 SkySat satellites, some which it acquired from Google's Terra Bella. Google is now a major investor in Planet, as well as a customer.
Earth Observation: Urthecast
Having streamed color video from the International Space Station in 2015, Vancouver, Canada-based Urthecast is planning to launch 16 satellites – eight optical and eight radar (the latter to overcome cloud cover), orbiting in pairs – to form its OptiSAR constellation. Crucially, these satellites will also be orbiting on two different planes, so will create unique 3D or 'geospatial' images and 30fps video of the entire planet's landmass, Antarctica excluded, refreshed once each day. 3D is important because Earth is covered in mountains, valleys and cities, so oblique views are crucial.
However, that UrtheDaily service won't begin until Urthecast launches its satellites, which it expects to do in 2019.
Is a live, real-time Google Earth technically possible?
Using satellites and/or drone technology, would it be possible to have a Google Earth-like service that not only used images that updated in real time, but also included live streaming video?
HAPS like the QinetiQ Zephyr-7 are a ‘missing link' between drones and satellites. Credit: Airbus (Image: © Airbus)
"From a technical point of view that is entirely possible," says Blain, although the nature of orbital imagery does come at a high cost. "A low Earth orbit optical satellite cannot be stationary over one location, so to do persistent monitoring globally over a particular area, you'd need close to 1,000 satellites," he says, "and many, many more drones or High Altitude Pseudo-Satellite (HAPS) to add the depth of data needed to achieve a constant ‘live' picture of Earth."
A Hap are a platform that floats or flies at high altitude like an airplane, about 12 miles up, but operates more like a satellite; two of the major HAPS are the solar-electric QinetiQ Zephyr-S and Stratobus.
A live Google Earth-type service would require thousands of satellites and HAPs, and likely millions of drones. Credit: ESA Earth Observation Graphics Bureau (Image: © ESA Earth Observation Graphics Bureau)
What about 'drone maps'?
While satellites get the big picture, drones can capture the kind of detail needed for close-ups, such as those in the Google Maps Street View. Street View itself still has a lot of work to do in Africa, the Middle East and China, as Google's own map demonstrates. Can drones help?
"Plan a flight with DroneDeploy from your iOS device, take off with your DJI drone, and see maps render on-screen during flight," says Mike Winn, CEO and co-founder of drone software company DroneDeploy. "Your completed map is ready before the drone lands."
DroneDeploy's 'Live Map' software is the first capable of generating drone maps in real time. Farmers use the maps for analyzing the growth and health of crops, while construction companies can monitor the progress of a job site.
DroneDeploy's 'Live Map' software generates drone maps in real time. Credit: DroneDeploy (Image: © DroneDeploy)
The real-time future
The more satellites that are launched to cover the gaps in coverage, the better, but Earth-i's move to video rather than stills is an exciting advance. "Wherever the asset, wherever the issue, wherever an emergency, Earth-i will be able to take color video from space every day, multiple times of day," says Blain. "That is a major step forward towards near real-time Earth observation, and a significant leap forward from what has previously been possible."
Space technology is advancing so quickly that it's now possible for software like Google Earth to offer imagery that is just a few days, hours or even minutes old. "There is no reason companies should have to wait hours or even days for aerial insights, or operate with outdated satellite imagery," says Winn. "As we see an increasing number of satellites, the ability to bring down data in real time will become more affordable and accessible for those who need it. Real time is the future."
Do we need a live, real-time Google Earth?
Are instant aerial insights important? It may be possible, albeit complex, but does anyone actually need 'eyes everywhere' persistent monitoring? After all, we live on a mostly blue planet.
"More than 70% of the Earth is covered by oceans, and while Earth orbit satellites are increasingly playing their part in maritime surveillance, the oceans perhaps do not need such high persistent monitoring," says Earth-i's Blain. "Some locations are just more important than others, and this is what will drive the extent to which persistent monitoring of Earth is developed."
So the future is probably demand-based, with more and more satellites able to provide color video from space of specific assets or emergencies. "For these constellations to be commercially viable there must be customers with Earth observation needs that require all of this data to be collected from space," adds Blain.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
New Ford Bronco Enlarge Photo
It was the subject of rumors for years, but Ford finally confirmed the return of the Bronco nameplate last year.
The first Bronco came to life way back in 1966 and the last bowed out of production in 1996. It was an SUV before SUVs were a thing, and over multiple generations it grew quite a bit in size and became a vehicle you were more likely to see at a shopping mall strip than crawling over boulders.
The new Bronco is due for 2020, and judging by a teaser shot released last week it's returning to the original model's Jeep CJ-rivaling roots. We're talking smaller, tougher and more capable. Here's what else to expect.
2019 Ford Ranger Enlarge Photo
Platform shared with Ford Ranger
It will be a twin under the skin with the Ford Ranger mid-size pickup truck, which itself is returning for 2019. The underlying platform is a body-on-frame design known within Ford as the T6 and largely developed by Ford's Australian outpost for a Ranger introduced outside the United States in 2011. Our Ranger is essentially an updated version of this earlier Ranger.
Platform already used in two SUVs
Ford already uses the T6 platform in a pair of SUVs. One is the family-oriented Everest, a mid-size offering with three rows of seats. The other is a tough off-roader similar to the Jeep Wrangler and sold by Brazilian firm Troller, which Ford acquired in 2007. The Troller, which rides on a shortened version of the T6 platform, could be the inspiration for the new Bronco.
Hybrid powertrain planned
Ford has said a hybrid powertrain will be offered on the new Bronco. An electric motor's low-end torque could definitely aid tough low-speed off-roading situations, and an electric power take-off feature would prove ideal for camping. Four-wheel drive will almost certainly be standard.
2014 Troller T4 Enlarge Photo
Made in USA
Production will be handled at Ford's Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne, Michigan, the same plant responsible for previous generations of the Bronco. The plant will also be the home of the new Ranger for the U.S. market. Ford said it is spending $850 million in plant upgrades to support production of the two vehicles.
It won't look like 2004's Bronco concept
Ford rolled out a Bronco concept at the 2004 Detroit auto show. We're told the design of the new Bronco has moved on considerably since then, with the boxy shape likely to be the only element to have been retained.
Solid axles?
Ford won't confirm it, but there are rumors that axle supplier Dana has been tapped to provide solid axles for the new Bronco. This is the same supplier that provides solid axles for the Jeep Wrangler. Solid axles, though not the best for on-road performance, are simple, robust, and easy to modify. Moreover, they allow for considerable articulation that lets the vehicle's tires stay in contact with the road (or lack of a road, in some cases).
The teenager who fatally shot 17 people in a Florida high school giggled and proudly proclaimed he would become "the next school shooter," according to cell phone videos he made of himself just before the attack.
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
“My name is Nik, and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018,” Nikolas Cruz said on the videos, released by prosecutors Wednesday. “My goal is at least 20 people.”
At least one of the videos appears to have been made on the same day as the Valentine's Day assault on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Cruz, 19, says he wants to become a school shooter for the notoriety it would bring him.
“When you see me on the news you'll know who I am,” Cruz says with a smile. “You're all going to die. Pew pew pew. Yeah, can't wait.”
In one of the videos, Cruz outlined his plan for the massacre, saying that he intended to take Uber to the school and eventually end up on an upper floor of the building so that he could fire down on fleeing students like a sniper.
Cruz did take an Uber ride to the school that day, but for reasons that remain unclear, he aborted the last part of his plan and did not fire from an upper floor. After shooting 34 people, he fled with other people, mixing in with the crowd before getting a drink at a nearby restaurant.
Fred Guttenberg, whose daughter Jaime was one of the victims, said he read a transcript of the videos but chose not to watch them, the Orlando Sentinel reported.
“I already know what he did,” Guttenberg told the newspaper. “He's evil. Repulsive. He deserves to be dead . . . He talked about how he was going to be someone now. It's a level of thought that I can't comprehend. It looks, from the words, like the kid had joy. I don't want to see the delight he took in planning the murders of our children.”
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
A white van ran down pedestrians along Yonge St. between Finch and Sheppard Aves. on Monday afternoon, killing 10 and leaving at least 15 injured.
Here's who you can call to help assist police and the victims, or if you or a loved one need help:
Do you have information?
Toronto police have created a hotline for witnesses or anyone with information on the attachment at 416-808-8750.
NASA is celebrating 60 years of its space exploration which started with the launch of its Explorer 1 satellite on January 31, 1958, from Cape Canaveral, Florida.
The Army Ballistic Missile Agency's Jupiter-C rocket launched the satellite developed by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory with scientific instruments developed by the University of Iowa. The satellite reached its orbit in seven and half minutes after its launch.
Explorer satellite was launched as America's first step in space exploration, as a fall out of the cold war with Russia, which had already launched its Sputnik satellites a year earlier in October and November 1957 gaining an upper hand in space exploration.
America's first satellite failed during its maiden launch in December 1957 as it exploded seconds after its liftoff.
Thomas Zurbuchen, NASA associate administrator for science had said, "Explorer 1 was a beginning. It was the beginning of going beyond our sphere of life out into space. At first, quite frankly, space looked like a pretty boring place. But the instrument that Van Allen and his team built showed that space is beautiful."
The instruments aboard Explorer 1 measured and sent back data on temperature, micrometeorites, and cosmic rays, or high-energy radiation for four months. The satellite had a Geiger counter developed by James Van Allen of the University of Iowa for measuring cosmic rays. The instrument had identified a belt of radiation around Earth which was later named after the instruments developer. Van Allen radiation belt is considered one of the first major scientific discoveries in the Space Age.
NASA launched the first weather satellite, the Television and Infrared Observation Satellite (TIROS) in 1960. Several other weather satellites were launched later by the US. The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) operates monitor storms and other natural disasters using these satellites to provide critical data which helps to save lives and critical infrastructures.
The American space agency has designed and launched several other missions to study and explore Earth, space, other planets and the Universe. Several Landsat satellites were sent to monitor Earth's land masses and for wider applications including surveying crops health, freshwater and forest management and infectious disease tracking.
Nimbus satellites were launched beginning 1964 to measure the snow cover at the North and South poles, to estimate the size of volcanic eruptions and the distribution of phytoplankton in the oceans. It has also identified the ozone hole in Antarctica.
The Mariner 2 mission launched in 1962 to Venus started the voyage to other planets to study them through close encounters. It was followed by a series of space missions to other solar bodies. The New Horizon mission launched in 2006 will make its visit to a distant asteroid in Kuiper belt known as 2014 MU69 on New Year 2019. This asteroid will be the first distant host of a human-made spacecraft.
Meanwhile, the Voyager 1 mission has passed through the Kuiper belt boundaries into the interstellar space between stars. The Voyager 2 mission is currently traveling through the Heliosheath region in Kuiper belt. These missions were launched in 1977 for exploring unknown regions in the solar system and beyond it for aiding the future missions.
Several major NASA missions including the Parker Solar Probe to study the Sun's atmosphere and the ultramodern James Webb Telescope to travel to the unknown regions in Universe are planned to be launched by this year and next year. These missions will change our perception of the Sun, the Solar system and the Universe as a whole.
It was a dark day on Wall Street -- unless you happen to be Jeff Bezos.
Scroll for more content...
Amazon stock climbed nearly 3% on Friday, making it one of the few winners on what proved to be the worst day for the Dow since June 2016.
The Dow closed down 666 points, or 2.5%, amid concerns about inflation and the bond market. The sell-off hit several tech giants. Alphabet, the parent company of Google, dropped 5% and Apple fell 4%, pushing it into correction territory.
But not the invincible Amazon. It was one of barely a dozen companies in the Nasdaq 100 that didn't end Friday in the red. Amazon had the third highest percentage gain of the group, according to FactSet.
Amazon's stock was buoyed by its stellar holiday quarter earnings results released on Thursday. The company reported a profit of nearly $2 billion, the largest in its history and the first time it topped $1 billion in a quarter.
Related: Dow plunges 666 points -- the worst day since Brexit
Amazon's business was helped by continued momentum for bets beyond traditional online shopping, including cloud computing services, advertising and Alexa, the personal assistant powering its growing line of household devices.
"Our 2017 projections for Alexa were very optimistic, and we far exceeded them," Bezos, Amazon's CEO, said in a statement Thursday. "We don't see positive surprises of this magnitude very often - expect us to double down."
James Cakmak, an analyst with Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co., described the results as a "turning point."
"The bottom line is this: Two+ decades of heavy investments -- which have been painful at times for investors -- will likely accrue to profitability at a steeper rate than forecasts," Cakmak wrote in an investor note Friday.
Amazon has bulldozed into the food industry with its Whole Foods acquisition, built up a large cloud computing business and expanded its physical footprint with bookstores and a new automated convenience store.
This week, Amazon partnered with Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan Chase on a new company to fix the health care industry.
"What's important to keep in mind is that every new category Amazon is pursuing (i.e. food, media, healthcare, etc.) presents a $500B-$1T market opportunity," Cakmak said.
-- CNNMoney's Matt Egan contributed to this report.
WILMINGTON — All the world's major faiths and traditions share a central belief in The Golden Rule, which essentially states that we should treat others as we wish to be treated.
The Meriam R. Hare Quaker Heritage Center at Wilmington College is presenting the exhibit, “Quilting The Golden Rule,” this summer featuring 17 intricately woven quilts representing The Golden Rule or Law of Reciprocity as taught by the major world faiths and humanist philosophies.
The opening reception will be June 14, from 6 to 7:30 p.m., with summer gallery hours planned Monday through Thursday, from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., and by special appointment arranged through the QHC Director Dr. Tanya Maus.
Normal gallery hours, Monday through Friday, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., will go into effect Aug. 13.
Textile artist Janet Bear McTavish created the quilts, which are on-loan from the Dayton International Peace Museum. The series of 17 quilts will be displayed in a walk-through format in the QHC Gallery.
In addition to representing The Golden Rule as defined by such major world faiths as Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism, Islam and Buddhism, quilts also portray it as represented in such traditions as Humanism, Native American, Wicca/Neo Wicca, Baha'i, Unitarian Universalist, Sikh, Yoruba IFA, Confucianism, Shinto, Taoism, Jainism and Zoroastrianism.
The exhibit also features several peaceful images on quilts: “Peace Waterfall,” “Peace Garden,” Watching” and “Angel of Peace” that complement the artist's inspiration for the exhibit.
Each of the quilts is accompanied by text explaining how the faiths and traditions interpret The Golden Rule, along with basic history and tenets of the respective religions and traditions.
McTavish said the idea for the “Peace Labyrinth” came from a dream she had in the wake of the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001, when she became concerned about Americans' increasing fear of those holding religious beliefs out of the mainstream in America.
She recalled walking through a labyrinth passing cubicles representing all the world's major faiths and religions, each of which shared their version of The Golden Rule.
“In my dream, I also carried a rock with me that represented all the negativity and uneasiness people feel when confronted by new ideas, different perspectives and cultures that are unfamiliar,” McTavish said, noting that she came to a peaceful waterfall where she was “encouraged to leave my rock and my own discomfort behind, and to find peace.”
Upon awakening from her dream, McTavish realized she needed to share her revelation with others.
The resulting exhibit, “Quilting The Golden Rule,” takes viewers from the earliest of humankind's struggles to understand their environment through history to the present time. Completed in 2012, the exhibit has been viewed by thousands of persons.
Maraya Wahl, left, and April Neff, summer interns at the Quaker Heritage Center, look through several of the colorful quilts before hanging the exhibit. https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_qhc-interns.jpeg Maraya Wahl, left, and April Neff, summer interns at the Quaker Heritage Center, look through several of the colorful quilts before hanging the exhibit. Courtesy photo
This weather is beyond the pale. Even in a leafy garden the heat is searing, like a fresh coil of steel out of the oven.
We've been lucky to have rain on and off. Otherwise plants without a robust constitution would be crispy as pork rinds.
The go-to plants in extreme heat are succulents. You know succulents, they have fat leaves that store water, and often come in shades of cool blue and grey.
Though they look exotic and suited to a desert address, some of them are hardy here. Sedums rein supreme. Though most of us know the perhaps overexposed sedum called Autumn Joy, there are many sneaky ones that do nothing more than carpet the ground in a spongy mat of yellow and burgundy.
Sedum acre, also called Golden Moss Stonecrop, is compact, tough and drought tolerant. The yellow flowers are cheery and the needs of this plant are few. Deliver full sun and this sedum, like most in the big family, is a turn-key plant.
Years back when we were all collectors of special perennials, common plants like sedum and sempervivums were only for the unwashed and unaware.
Sempervivums, also called hens and chicks, were as exciting as overcooked Brussels sprouts. Now with more fanciful colours, and striking patterns, the semps have gained status in the garden. Should the temperature edge up to 36 C or so, there is no need to rush to them with a bucket of water. They just endure any kind of weather.
Given sun, succulents will also grow in vile places. A friend has created a succulent resort at the base of a tree- of-heaven. Imagine competing with the roots of that tree, and the moisture and nutrient-sucking needs of a tree that grows at bamboo like speeds. But there they are, sedums and hens and chicks, and tender plants like echeveria, native to Central America, growing happily.
A genius move was to mulch the succulents in fine stone screenings. The contrast of the light grey stone with the rich greens and blues of the succulents is perfect. The screenings also suppress weeds, reflect heat to these heat lovers and assure good drainage. It was also essential to prune up the limbs of the tree-of-heaven, so the sun loving plants could sun bathe in the southern exposure.
Two years ago, I had a nice display of tender succulents in a shallow pot by the front door. I mulched them in pea gravel, ignored them pretty much and they looked cool all season.
NATIONAL
The Cabinet was to approve 50.5 billion won ($46.3 million) Tuesday in additional expenses to be paid to a Chinese salvage firm for raising the sunken ferry Sewol and for a planned operation to put the vessel in an upright position for an additional search.
Shanghai Salvage had agreed with South Korea's government to lift the ferry Sewol for 91.6 billion won, but since raising the vessel in March, the company has demanded an additional 100 billion won, saying it cost much more than expected to raise the ship that sank off the south coast in 2014.
(Yonhap)
The two sides have since negotiated the additional amount to be paid.On Tuesday, the Cabinet planned to approve 32.8 billion won in additional expenses to be paid to the salvage firm. But officials said that actual payment will be made only after the completion of an ongoing investigation into whether the firm deliberately dragged its feet in the operation.The Cabinet was also to authorize 17.6 billion won for an operation to put the raised vessel, which has been lying on its side, in an upright position for an additional search for the five people still missing in the deadly sinking that left more than 300 people, mostly high school students, dead.It is one of the worst maritime tragedies in South Korean history. (Yonhap)
Grand River Maintenance Project Starts Today In Brighton
April 17, 2017
Roadwork on Grand River Avenue starts today in Brighton.
Residents and motorists have likely noticed signs posted about the Grand River Avenue road maintenance project around the city. Crews will be repairing sections of the road before asphalting Grand River Avenue between the I-96 overpass and Ore Creek. The work is expected to get underway today and last through roughly June 30th, as long as the weather cooperates. Crews plan on doing the work overnight to help limit the impact on motorists.
Officials advise that there will be single lane closures at times, mostly the outside lanes and around the Cross Street intersection, but the city appreciates patience while the highly necessary work is being done.
Additionally, motorists are advised that the left and center lanes of Grand River at Cross Street will be closed from 7am today to Monday, April 24th. Motorists will not be able to turn left from Grand River to Cross Street during that time. (JM)
Photo courtesy of Google Street View
NATIONALS 2, ORIOLES 0
BALTIMORE (AP) — Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn his eighth consecutive victory, Bryce Harper hit his 18th homer and the Nationals finished a three-game series sweep.
Scherzer (9-1) struck out 12, walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters. Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth, but notched his 13th save.
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road, the team's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005.
Baltimore rookie David Hess (2-2) gave up one run and four hits over six innings.
PIRATES 2, CUBS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings for Pittsburgh, and his hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove (2-0) helped stop the Pirates' four-game losing streak, permitting one run and seven hits. He also slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
The Cubs had won three in a row. Chicago's Kyle Hendricks (4-4) surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings.
INDIANS 9, WHITE SOX 1
CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as Cleveland rolled to its fifth straight win.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team. The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits and struck out 10.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended his MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
BREWERS 3, CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in his return from Tommy John surgery, but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh
Making his first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save.
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
RED SOX 6, BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON (AP) — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster, and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with his 18th homer, snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17. Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs in six innings.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston, and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for his 18th save.
METS 4, BRAVES 1
ATLANTA (AP) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs, leading the Mets to a sorely needed victory.
Jason Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings for New York, which had lost seven of nine. Robert Gsellman worked the ninth for his second save.
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East, one-half game behind Washington. The Nationals and Braves begin a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday.
Braves starter Julio Teheran (4-3) pitched seven innings of two-run ball.
ROYALS 11, TWINS 8
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas and Jorge Soler homered, powering Kansas City to the win.
Moustakas drove in four runs. Soler had four hits for the Royals, who led 9-0 after two innings.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory. Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for his 12th save.
Twins rookie Fernando Romero (3-2) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings.
Minnesota slugger Miguel Sano had two hits and three RBIs.
GIANTS 7, ROCKIES 4
DENVER (AP) — Brandon Crawford kept up his May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally, and the Giants avoided being swept.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising his season average from .189 to .307.
The Giants snapped a three-game skid. Derek Holland (3-6) pitched five innings for the win, and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for his 11th save.
Nolan Arenado hit a three-run homer for Colorado. Harrison Musgrave (0-1) got the loss.
REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and Cincinnati rallied for the victory.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in his first win since May 4, and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for his ninth save.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
A new hormonal therapy designed to treat uterine fibroids called relugolix has finished a Phase 3 study in Japan, and the results are positive.
That's welcome news for a SoftBank-based company based in Basel, Switzerland called Roivant Sciences that's separately dealing with much lousier news.
But let's back up a bit first.
The Phase 3 trial was one of several Phase 3 trials of relugolix that are ongoing, including in the U.S. and Europe, where the drug is also being tested as a means to treat endometriosis-associated pain and to help men with advanced prostate cancer by suppressing their testosterone levels. The result out of Japan isn't enough to win it FDA approval, but Myovant, the biopharmaceutical company behind it, is expected to use the result from Japan to support its approval here in the U.S.
Why does it matter? Well, for one thing, a win would be meaningful for Myovant, which staged the biggest biotech IPO of last year, shortly after recruiting Lynn Seely as its CEO. (Seely was formerly the chief medical officer of Medivation, which sold to Pfizer last year for $14 billion). In other words, expectations are high.
Myovant is also a subsidiary of Roivant, a young holding company whose 32-year-old founder, Vivek Ramaswamy, believes will become a giant holding company for dozens of independent biopharmaceutical companies.
Ramaswamy sold SoftBank on that vision over the summer, in fact, with SoftBank leading a $1.1 billion investment in the company (and getting a steep discount on its privately held shares in the process, we're told).
Then, disaster. More specifically, early last week, Axovant — another of Roivant's holding companies that was taken public and wound up becoming the biggest biotech IPO of 2015 — received news that its much-hyped, experimental Alzheimer's drug, interperdine, doesn't work. (We wrote about that here.) It was a huge blow to the company, whose shares plummeted 75 percent that day and have remained flat. It was also a black mark for Roivant, which has told a convincing story until now about using data more effectively than big pharma companies that have exponentially more employees and resources.
Now, to regain his place as a wunderkind of the biotech world, Ramaswamy — a Harvard-educated biology major with a law degree from Yale — needs some positive momentum.
Relugolix is a smaller bet for Roivant, but it's not insignificant. According to one study, 70 percent of white women, and between 80 and 90 percent of black women, will develop fibroids by age 50, and 90 percent of women who are diagnosed with them seek medical or surgical treatment of their fibroids within a year. (Many others don't realize they have them.)
The less invasive route is, of course, medicine. In fact, reloguolix is hoping to grab market share of a hormone therapy already in the market: Leuprorelin, a product that first received FDA approval in 1985 and is currently used in the treatment of hormone-responsive cancers like prostate cancer and breast cancer, as well as to treat estrogen-dependent conditions, including uterine fibroids and endometriosis. (It's marketed under different brands by different companies. The German multinational conglomerate Bayer sells it as Viadur; The U.S. company Abbott Laboratories markets it as Lupor.)
There is still work to do; the other Phase 3 studies for relugolix were kicked off fairly recently, meaning it could be until closer to 2019 before the drug receives approval — if it's able to win approval at all. In the meantime, another biopharma giant, AbbVie, is developing a competing drug called elagolix, so the race is on.
In the meantime, Ramaswamy, who worked formerly as hedge fund analyst, is hedging his bets. Axovant, for example, is seeking to find other uses for inteperdine, part of which involves an ongoing Phase 2 test to treat a progressive brain disorder called Lewy body dementia. (The market is much smaller than for Alzheimer's patients. The disease impacts 1.3 million Americans, for example, compared with Alzheimer's, which impacts 5.5 million.)
Another Roivant subsidiary, Enzyvant, is also seeking FDA approval to treat a rare pediatric disease called DiGeorge Syndrome and last month received a designation from the FDA that should move it through the review process more quickly. (The path is more streamlined in the case of rare diseases with life or death consequences.)
Roivant appears to be focusing more nakedly on getting third party biotech companies to partner with it on drug development, too. The idea, presumably, is that Roivant can bring them efficiencies by opening up its infrastructure to them.
Earlier this week, for example, Roivant plugged $116 million into a company in which it already owned a stake: Arbutus, a hepatitis B-focused biotech firm. It's was a sizable gamble on the company. Then again, it's chasing a big market. Approximately 350 million people in the world are believed to have the disease. Arbutus will now rely on Roivant for functions that it would otherwise have had to build in-house.
Whether Roivant's various moves will pay off enough will require more time to learn. In the meantime, Roivant — which has now raised more than $2 billion from investors, including from Founders Fund, and the hedge funds Viking Global Investors and QVT Financial — will have to hope its investors remain patient.
We reached out to Ramaswamy for this story; through a spokesman, he declined to comment.
Featured Image: panda3800/Shutterstock
Masters in Clay
I remember the first time that I looked at a piece by Ron Nagle and really started to engage with it. I was reading the book Color and Fire: Defining Moments in Studio Ceramics 1950–2000 by Jo Lauria, which accompanied a traveling exhibition of the same name. I had seen Nagle's work before; however, when reading this book, I began to recognize the sharp wit, complexity, cultural associations, influences, and singular voice expressed by his work. The piece, called My Compliments, from 1988, was one of his series of small cup forms with a color-blocked surface and a vestigial handle or fin-like appendage (see related pieces, left).
I was struck by his sophisticated color choices (combining Josef Albers' color theory with the amped-up airbrushed finishes on hot-rod cars) and impeccably considered details, the small, (even precious) scale, and the ways he revisited forms in a series. I was also more receptive to the ways that his work had influenced and opened up possibilities for contemporary artists. I started to recognize in a more personal way, how his work was also about the experiences of place as well as time. I had recently moved from the East Coast to Colorado for graduate school and in this new environment, felt first-hand the way that place matters in terms of the art someone makes. The physical and cultural surroundings, as well as the cohort of artists who work with and mentor you, propel your work forward on a specific trajectory in profound ways.
This influence of place, time, and mentors, can also be seen in Bruce Cochrane's work from throughout his 40+ years as a potter. Cochrane credits his career-long interest in utilitarian vessels with the enthusiasm expressed by his teacher and mentor, Walter Ostrom. This stayed with him, both in terms of his own work, and his approach to teaching. Like Nagle, Cochrane has had a consistent, series-based approach to his work. While he has made a wide variety of pots, they always start with the wheel. Pieces are altered, cut, and assembled to create the final forms, which express his specific, distinctly architectural style. He's investigated different clay bodies, firing temperatures, approaches to surface decoration, and more.
Ceramics Focused City Guide
Although I've never been to Minneapolis, I know it is a great town for clay folks, due to its institutional support for the ceramic arts, and concentration of artists in the area. This is based in part on the work made by artists living in that region and the online presence for exhibitions on view at places like Northern Clay Center, or shared on social media during events like the St. Croix Pottery Tour. It's also based on the experience of our associate editor, Holly Goring, who grew up in the Twin Cities area and studied ceramics at the University of Minnesota-Twin Cities. While her memories of what winter is like there make me want to visit in June rather than, say, right now in November, based on the excitement in her voice when she talks about the art-focused culture there, I know it is a town where I will get to revel in all things clay: visiting the studios, galleries, art centers, and museums in the region.
The ceramic art scene in the Twin Cities is energized, and we asked Nicolas Darcourt, a ceramic artist who lives there, to help us give readers a quick reference to what's going on in the area and the opportunities available for ceramic artists so, that if you're lucky enough to get to visit (or move there), you'll know where to start.
Recognizing how place, not just the physical space, but also those around us during the time we are there, influences what we do in the studio can lead to powerful insights about our work.
CHICAGO -- US authorities launched a nationwide manhunt Monday for a gunman who shot and killed an elderly man, and then posted a video of the seemingly random attack on Facebook.
Police in Cleveland, Ohio working on the case with help from investigators at the FBI and the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, have offered a reward of up to $50,000 for information leading to the arrest of Steve Stephens, the accused shooter.
Stephens, 37, of Cleveland, Ohio, who was described as armed and dangerous, was also placed on the FBI's Most Wanted list, a designation officials hope will help raise public awareness about the case.
This undated photo provided by the Cleveland Police shows Steve Stephens. Cleveland police said they are searching for Stephens, a homicide suspect, who recorded himself shooting another man and then posed the video on Facebook on Sunday, April 16, 2017. (AP-Yonhap)
The manhunt spread across the region within a few hours after the homicide, with authorities on the alert for Stephens in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan. By midday Monday, the search for the accused murderer had spread nationwide.“Our reach now is basically all over this country,” Cleveland police Chief Calvin Williams said at a news conference. “This is what we would consider a national search.”Stephens is accused of fatally shooting Robert Godwin Sr., 74, who was walking home from Easter dinner Sunday afternoon, when he was apparently picked out at random.According to a timeline of events created by police and Facebook, Stephens posted a video Sunday afternoon saying he intended to kill, and followed up two minutes later with video of the shooting.In that second video, Godwin is shown with a gun to his head and then falling to the ground after Stephens fires a shot.In a third video 11 minutes later, streamed live from Stephens's car, he says he intends to kill others.So far, however, police say they are aware of only one shooting victim.The incident was the latest disturbing crime captured on Facebook video, including the alleged gang rape of a 15-year-old girl, two fatal shootings, and the kidnapping and torture of a disabled 18-year-old man.In this instance, Facebook took down Stephens' videos and disabled his account about two hours after he first started uploading.Justin Osofsky, vice president of global operations for the social media giant, acknowledged in a company blog post, that the delay was too long.“We know we need to do better,” Osofsky said.“As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible,” he said.Osofsky said Facebook received the first report about the video depicting the murder more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted.“We received reports about the third video, containing the man's live confession, only after it had ended,” he added.Police issued an arrest warrant for Stephens, described as a 1.85-meter, 110-kilogram black man with a full beard, who was last seen in a white Ford Fusion with temporary license plates.Authorities were assuming he was still with his vehicle more than 24 hours later, and discounted reports that he might be on the run in Pennsylvania.Stephens' mother told CNN she called him Sunday after learning about the video, and he told her he was shooting people because he was “mad with his girlfriend.”Police said the woman he referred to was in a safe place.Cleveland detectives also made contact with Stephens by phone early in the investigation, Williams said.“They tried to, of course, convince him to turn himself in and, of course, that hasn't happened to date,” he said, adding that officers had searched dozens of locations to find the suspect.“If there's somebody who is helping Steve or think you're helping Steve, you're really not. You're going to get yourself in trouble, along with him,” Williams warned.Stephens worked for Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency serving children through mental health services, foster care and adoption, at-risk youth and other programs.In his video, Stephens displayed his Beech Brook badge.“We are shocked and horrified like everyone else,” Nancy Kortemeyer, a spokeswoman for the facility told CNN. “To think that one of our employees could do this is awful.” (AFP)
The murdered half brother of North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un seems to have shown his support for victims of the terrorist attacks in France in November 2015, according to a profile image on a Facebook account presumed to be his on Wednesday.
(Facebook)
On the Facebook account opened under the name of Kim Chol, the most recently created profile photo visible to the public is an image of an animal uploaded on Nov. 16, 2015. The photo was run through a filter that overlaid the colors of France's national flag.At that time, Facebook allowed its users to apply the filter symbolizing France's three-colored flag to their profile images to show solidarity with the victims of the deadly terrorist attacks in Paris.Kim Chol is the name on a passport held by Kim Jong-nam, who was killed on Monday at an airport in Malaysia after being poisoned in an attack by two unidentified women.Only 13 photos can be publicly seen, including some featuring Kim Jong-nam in front of a hotel or casino in what could be in the Chinese enclave of Macau.He has 164 friends on his Facebook account, but the name of his son Han-sol cannot be found. The son, who is believed to be staying in Macau, came into the spotlight in 2012 following an interview with a Finnish television station.He said he hopes for the unification of the two divided Koreas and wants to improve the livelihoods of ordinary people in North Korea which is controlled by his young uncle Kim Jong-un.A list of Kim Jong-nam's favorite musicians includes late French singer Serge Gainsbourg and Japanese singer Hiroshi Itsuki, according to the account.Seoul's spy agency said Wednesday that Kim's murder was a "standing order" issued by the North's current leader since he inherited power in late 2011 following the sudden death of his father Kim Jong-il. (Yonhap)
© PanAm Post
"If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!" Trump said in a Twitter post on Tuesday as he rejoiced the "many good conversations with North Korea," which he said are "going well."Pyongyang indeed ceased its nuclear and missile activities for quite some time, although it remains doubtful whether it was actually a result of the US "maximum pressure" policy, which was so adamantly championed by Trump not so long ago. When the situation around the Korean Peninsula heated up following the North's nuclear and missile tests in early September 2017, the US leader actually opted for open confrontation, albeit only verbally, rather than for diplomatic efforts.In October 2017, he actually declared all talks with Pyongyang were pointless, as he said that "only one thing will work," while lambasting the then-US State Secretary Rex Tillerson for "wasting his time trying to negotiate with the Little Rocket Man" - a derogatory nickname Trump coined for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.The US leader then repeatedly said that "talking is not the answer" to the Korean crisis, adding that "talk of appeasement" will not "work" with North Korea, and he even resorted to open threats of war. Speaking at the annual General Debate of the 72nd session of the UN General Assembly back in September 2017, Trump famously said that the US "will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea," if forced to defend itself and its allies. He also warned that Washington would not hesitate to use its "nuclear capabilities" to defend itself and its allies.Russia has repeatedly warned the US against taking military action against North Korea, advocating for a diplomatic approach instead. Russia's Foreign Ministry particularly called on the US and its major ally in the region, South Korea, to take "adequate steps" and reduce their military activity in the region to avoid further escalation.In September 2017, Moscow and Beijing put forward a 'double freeze' plan calling for a simultaneous halt to North Korea's tests and the US' war games in the region. However, Washington ignored these calls and continued its maximum pressure and a bellicose line at that time.Even when Pyongyang engaged in the first direct negotiations with Seoul over two years in early 2018, Trump was still full of skepticism and ready to resort to a military option. "I am not sure that talks will lead to anything meaningful," he said at that time, adding that it was "very possible" that the standoff with North Korea might not be resolved peacefully.At some points, the US president was so carried away by his war of words with the North Korean leader that it resulted in some blunders. On one such occasion, Trump famously bragged that his nuclear button was "much bigger and more powerful" than Kim Jong-un's.However, it was Pyongyang that eventually decided to halt its nuclear and missile tests while Kim Jong-un sent a personal invitation to Trump to discuss the possible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.It was only after the negotiations between two Koreas turned out to be largely successful and they were actually followed by the first meeting between the North and South Korean leaders since 2007, thatThis trend continued after the historic meeting between the US and North Korean leaders in Singapore. Following the talks, Trump declared that there was "no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea," and actually praised Kim's leadership and said that they had a "very good relationship," as well as "good chemistry."Still, the US president also claimed back in April that it was his "maximum pressure" approach that actually worked. In fact, though, it seems that it was actually the "double freeze" plan, advocated by Russia and China from the very beginning of the recent Korean crisis, that the US and North Korean leaders followed to at least start to resolve their differences.
The blaze, which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings, gutted six more in Carpinteria on Sunday, officials said. It's just 15 per cent contained after charring nearly 930 square kilometres of dry brush and timber.
Tens of thousands remained under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churned west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito, seaside Santa Barbara County towns about 120 kilometres northwest of Los Angeles. Much of the fire's rapid new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest, where the state's fourth largest fire burned a decade ago.
LOS ANGELES—Firefighters kept a wall of flames from descending mountains into coastal neighbourhoods after a huge and destructive southern California wildfire exploded in size, becoming the fifth largest in state history.
“We're still anxious. I'm not frightened yet,” Carpinteria resident Roberta Lehtinen told KABC-TV. “I don't think it's going to come roaring down unless the winds kick up.”
Forecasters predicted that dry winds that fanned several fires across the region for a week would begin to lose their power Monday. Light gusts were pushing onshore, driving the flames back up hillsides and away from communities, Santa Barbara County Fire spokesman Mike Eliason said. But the possibility of “unpredictable” gusts would keep firefighters on edge for days, he said.
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
With the air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Drew Barrymore.
Smoke shrouded Rob Lowe's home and the actor wore a mask as he livestreamed his family leaving on Sunday.
“Praying for the people in my area,” he said on Instagram. “Hope everybody's getting out safe like we are, and thanks for the prayers and thoughts. And good luck to the firefighters, we need you!”
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that neighbours were helping each other and their animals get to safety.
“I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs. Thank you all,” she wrote.
Meanwhile, containment increased on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the stubborn and enormous fire that started Dec. 4.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a years-long drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. Brown and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The small mountain town of Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times, and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: The death of a 70-year-old woman, who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighbourhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
A 1948 Packard woody wagon will be featured in Chicago | Mecum Auctions photos Enlarge Photo
Mecum Auctions arrives in Chicago with an expected 1,000 collector cars for a three-day auction
Collector cars from a host of private collections will be among the offerings starting today when Mecum Auctions rolls into the Renaissance Schaumburg Convention Center in Chicago for a three-day sale.
An expected 1,000 vehicles are expected to cross the block, headlined by American muscle cars, customs and classics.
A 1963 Chevrolet Corvette split-window coupe from the Mercurio collection Enlarge Photo
The Chicago-based Klairmont Kollection features a strong array of post-war woodies, including two Chrysler Town & Country convertibles from 1947 and 1948 (Lot No. S24 and S26, respectively), two 1950 Chrysler Town & Country Newports (Lots S25 and S27) and a 1948 Packard Eight station wagon (Lot S23).
Another notable collection is that of Bill and Elaine Mercurio, who will bring all of their 20 Chevrolet Corvettes, most of them to be sold at no reserve. Among them are several pace car editions and some with ultra-low mileage.
Buick Skylark has gone just 300 miles since restoration Enlarge Photo
A few other significant cars include a 1953 Chevrolet Corvette roadster (Lot F145) that is No. 91 of 300 hand built that first model year, still in great condition after a 1997 restoration; a triple-black, one-owner 1967 Oldsmobile 442 convertible (Lot S102) with matching-numbers engine; and a 1953 Buick Skylark convertible (Lot S106) that is one of 1,690 produced and has been driven fewer than 300 miles since a frame-off restoration.
During the sale Friday, special offers on admission and bidder registration will be available to attendees sporting Illinois State University or Chicago Blackhawks apparel.
For more information, visit Mecum's website.
This article, written by Bob Golfen, was originally published on ClassicCars.com, an editorial partner of Motor Authority.
Attock
Raza Naqvi
A large number of people warmly welcomed the Azadi Train here at the Attock City Railway Station on Sunday evening. People from different walks of life paid rich tributes to our forfathers who gave great sacrifices for Pakistan and because of their sacrifices we are breathing in an independent country.
© Twitter / @StrategicNews1
This clearly means all players (the US, Israel, Jordan, Saudi Arabia) have dropped the jihadists and militants they were training and are turning their back on them: they are now on their own.
ABOUT ELIJAH J MAGNIER
Veteran War Zone Correspondent and Senior Political Risk Analyst with over 35 years' experience covering the Middle East and acquiring in-depth experience, robust contacts and political knowledge in Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Sudan and Syria. Specialised in terrorism and counter-terrorism, intelligence, political assessments, strategic planning and thorough insight in political networks in the region. Covered on the ground the Israeli invasion to Lebanon (1st war 1982), the Iraq-Iran war, the Lebanese civil war, the Gulf war (1991), the war in the former Yugoslavia (1992-1996), the US invasion to Iraq (2003 to date), the second war in Lebanon (2006), the war in Libya and Syria (2011 to date). Lived for many years in Lebanon, Bosnia, Iraq, Iran, Libya and Syria. View all posts by Elijah J Magnier
After only two weeks since the beginning of the military operation,. Meanwhile, Israel has reduced its requests or conditions pronounced in the last two weeks: from launching threats against the approach of the Syrian Army towards the South, to menaces if Damascus pushes forces beyond the 1974 demarcation line and the disengagement agreement between Syria and Israel.For over seven years, Israel has invested intelligence, finance, military and medical supplies in these jihadists and their allies. On many occasions, Israel has said it prefers the "Islamic State" to Iranian forces on the borders. Many times, Israel showed images of jihadists - including those fighting under the flag of al-Qaeda - in Israeli hospitals, recovering from wounds inflicted during their clashes with the forces of Damascus.Israel is crying in the wilderness because the Syrian army has the intention and means to defeat all jihadists and militants who received supplies from foreign countries.The Syrian allies are participating in the battle of the south of Syria as advisors and with backup (small) units to fill gaps only if the battle becomes critical on this or that front. So far, jihadists and militants are easily defeated and represent little resistance. There is little doubt how ISIS (the "Islamic State", aka Jaish Khaled Bin al-Waleed), deployed on the 1975 disengagement line, will react because neither the Syrian Army nor Russia are offering a relocation to the terrorist group. Therefore,, since for years the Israeli Army has been cohabiting with ISIS beautifully. The number of terrorists is estimated at between 1500 and 2000, a relatively small number when we consider that the Syrian Army faced tens of thousands in al-Yarmouk, rural Homs, al-Badiya, Deir-ezzour and Albukamal in the north and north east- and they wiped them out completely.Actually, Russia understands the necessity of the presence of Damascus' allies on the ground,. Moreover, Moscow has seen Hezbollah and Iranian advisors pulling out from every single battle when the Syrian army prevails and whenever Damascus considered the area safe enough to take over completely.(the wish of the Syrian central government). That was sufficient for Trump to inform Israel that the US has no reasons to believe it is facing any danger from the Syrian Army on its borders.For almost 45 years, Damascus didn't engage in any serious attack against Israel starting from the 1974 disengagement line bordering the occupied Golan heights. There can be no comparison between the presence of the Syrian regular forces and the presence of the terrorist group, ISIS, on the Israeli occupied Golan heights. In fact,- and attack the Syrian army wishing to recover its own territory and totally eliminate the presence of ISIS from the south of Syria.What is remaining in the south of Syria is only a tactical battle. It will intensify on one front and will be smooth on the other. The battle is reaching its first objective to clear eastern Daraa, in the coming days, and to secure the Naseeb border crossing between Jordan and Syria that helps both countries to recover some hundreds of millions of dollars yearly from their trade and commerce.In the second phase, the west of Daraa and Quneitra, the Syrian army will push its forces towards south-west Daraa to clear jihadists standing on the way between the Syrian army and where ISIS is located. There is no specific time allocated for the ending of the battle. Nevertheless, the result of the battle is easily predictable:They have managed to achieve only the destruction of the Levant ($300 billions are needed to rebuild Syria), the death of around 400,000 persons, and millions of displaced persons and refugees.Proof read by: Maurice Brasher
ISLAMABAD, Apr 24 (APP):Minister of State for Finance, Rana Muhammad Afzaal Tuesday said that the government would announce in the upcoming budget 2018-19, a tax relief of around Rs 80 billion for salaried class of the country.
From July 1, 2018, the people who have income of less than Rs 100,000 per month, will be exempted from any tax, while tax ratio for those who have monthly income of over Rs 100,000 per month is also being cut significantly, Rana Afzaal said while speaking in Senate Standing Committee on Finance, Revenue and Economic Affairs here.
Discussing on the Money Bill to further to emend the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 (The Income Tax (Amendment) Bill, 2018), the Minister of State said due to rational measures taken by the government, the total revenues of Federal Board of Revenues (FBR) had increased from around Rs 2000 billion in 2013 to more than Rs 4000 billion now.
The meeting of the committee was presided over by Senator Farooq H. Naik, and was attended by its members Senators Saud Aziz, Saleem Mandviwala, Ayesha Raza Farooq, Musadiq Malik, Khanzada Khan, Dilawar Khan, Aurangzeb Khan, and Muhammad Akram.
Appreciating the FBR's move to reschedule the tax regime, Musadiq Malik said this decision would specially give relief to the salaried class who were poor or belonging to the lower middle class and would get a reasonable relief.
He said the the effect of Rs 80 billion in terms of relief was a very minor one if we wee the total revenues of more than Rs 4000.
Member inland revenue FBR, Dr Muhammad Iqbal informed that the tax payers whose income was less than Rs 100,000 per month and were tax filers would remain among the tax filers but would be declared as zero rated.
Meanwhile the meeting also considering the Money Bill to provide for declaration and repatriation of assets and income held outside Pakistan (The Foreign Assets (Declaration and Repatriation) Bill, 2018).
While discussing the Bill, the meeting was informed that all those who remit more than US $100,000 per year from abroad would have to prove the source of their income.
The committee also considered and discussed in detail money bill to provide for voluntary declaration of domestic assets in Pakistan (The Voluntary Declaration of Domestic Assets Bill, 2018), and the Money Bill to further to amend the protection of economic reforms Act, 1992 (The Protection of Economic Reforms (Amendment) Bill, 2018).
The committee members unanimously gave a go ahead to these bills, however they proposed some amendments to these bills for further consideration.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 3:55 pm |
Cheese slices on the assembly line at the Tnuva Tel Yosef dairy plant. (Yossi Zeliger/Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - Tnuva announced on Monday implementation of a plan to cut costs which will entail the elimination of 300 workers at a savings to Israel's biggest food producer of 300 million shekels a year.
However, workers who remain will receive a 7.5 percent raise, along with additional bonuses for the entire period of the agreement. The decision to reduce payroll included a quarter of the company's management as well.
Since 2014, when Tnuva was sold to the Chinese company Bright Foods, it has turned in a disappointing performance, thus necessitating the cutbacks.
The efficiency program “will be mostly based on offers to retire early with above-average conditions,” the company said in a statement. If the number of voluntary retirees does not meet expectations, the decision of which workers to fire will be made by Tnuva's management and the Maof Union.
Tnuva CEO Eyal Malis said the agreement “shows Tnuva's feeling of responsibility towards its workers, and of the workers towards the company. Tnuva is working to face the coming years' challenges from a point of strength. Together with the workers, we will continue working for the good of the Israeli consumer.”
Workers' Committee Chairman Ahiav Simchi said, “Tnuva's workers are dedicated. They work day and night to help the company succeed and stay stable. This agreement shows Tnuva's appreciation to the workers' dedication, and recognizes their contribution to the company's success.”
'I've never been so scared in my life'
Share
Credit: pixabay.com.
Two friends have described to Eyewitness News how they were abducted by a man pretending to be a taxi driver in Johannesburg.
Moeketsi Moticoe and his friend, who has asked not to be named, says they had ordered a taxi on Corlett Drive last weekend using a cab-hailing app when the man approached them.
He offered to take them to their destination in Bryanston but took a detour instead.
Moticoe, aged 35, and his female friend did not suspect anything untoward when the driver of a vehicle resembling that of a private taxi service, approached them after leaving a café on Corlett Drive, even offering a discount.
But a few minutes into their journey they realized something was wrong.
“We tried to get out, but both doors were locked. We fought with them, but we couldn't move them. I've never been so scared in my life.”
The pair were driven to nearby Alexandra where the driver's accomplice joined them. Both were armed with guns.
After they managed to escape, they were chased through a maze of shacks.
“I climbed on top of the house and pulled my friend up as they were coming.”
The pair hid and were eventually rescued about an hour later by police.
No arrests have been made.
EWN
Airship wants to let startups launch features the same way Facebook does
If you've ever wondered why your Facebook app looks a little different from your friend's, you've likely learned that Facebook tests features in a very unique, targeted way.
Airship wants to let its customers start testing features the same way that companies like Facebook and Dropbox do without all the added complications and resources. The startup is launching out of Y Combinator's latest class with a product that integrates directly into customer codebases and that lets engineers easily flag features to roll out to targeted groups of users.
While there is certainly no shortage of A/B testing tools available for developers, most are focused on content tweaks, while Airship's product flagging framework can ultimately give end users dramatically different feature experiences, which can give smaller startups much deeper insights into how customers interact with product changes.
“Most startups definitely can't do this,” Airship co-founder Alvin Yap tells TechCrunch. “We aim to make controlled feature rollouts accessible to any company.”
While it may just seem like another way to press ship, rolling out features this way can affect the product direction at companies by letting them see when a feature is received negatively by a small group of users. The startup points to botched redesign rollouts from companies like Snap and Digg, as evidence that feature launches should be carefully orchestrated and delivered in a more targeted capacity.
The company has integrated their product with Segment so that users can use their existing analytics platform to tell them about how their features are being received. As the company moves forward, they're hoping to continue building out more integrations as well as control mechanisms.
For small teams pricing packages start at $80 per month (or $64 when billed annually) and move up based on how custom features are being tested and how many monthly active users the team has. There's a 14 day free trial for users interested in taking it for a whirl first.
Check Airship out here.
CAIRO—An Egyptian military court on Tuesday convicted the country's former anti-graft chief of insulting the armed forces and sentenced him to five years in prison, according to two defence lawyers.
Hesham Genena was arrested in February following incendiary comments he made in a television interview in which he claimed that the former chief-of-staff Sami Annan was in possession of documents incriminating the country's “leadership.” He said the documents were kept abroad.
A day before Genena's arrest, the military said it would take action to safeguard its “honour and dignity.”
Annan himself was arrested in January shortly after he announced his intention to challenge President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi in the March presidential election. He was accused of incitement against the military and forgery.
El-Sissi ran virtually unopposed, winning the March 26-28 election with 97 per cent of the vote.
OTTAWA—The Canadian government is preparing options including trade retaliation against the United States as high-level talks to resolve a NAFTA logjam and a looming American threat of tariffs against Canadian steel and aluminum imports stall, the Star has learned. Publicly, the Canadian government is stopping short of an outright threat of trade retaliation in the face of Friday's deadline when Canada's exemption from import tariffs — 25 per cent on steel, 10 per cent on aluminum — expires.
Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland speaks to reporters following a caucus meeting on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on May 30, 2018. The U.S. is using national security legislation to justify trade tariffs against Canada but Freeland says it is absurd Canada is considered a threat to America. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Behind the scenes, the Canadian government is preparing “a whole series of options that we can pursue if they do that” which “of course” includes trade retaliation, a senior government official told The Star. “Retaliation is one of our options.” But the official suggested the U.S. government has exempted Canada from trade tariffs at the last minute before, and might well do so again. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke to U.S. Vice-President Mike Pence Tuesday, and Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland cut short a two-day trip to the U.S. capital, returning to Ottawa Wednesday morning with chief Canadian trade negotiator Steve Verheul after a two-hour meeting with U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer.
Article Continued Below
However Trudeau reported no advances or concessions on the U.S. side. Trudeau told reporters he had a “good conversation” with Pence and “impressed upon him the fact that I've been having direct conversations with the president for close to a year now.” Trudeau suggested Pence “seemed to understand very clearly” Canada's arguments against being targeted by U.S. tariff threats against other countries. The prime minister said he underscored the fact there is Canadian aluminum content “in American jets” and Canadian steel “in American armoured vehicles,” and he highlighted that tariffs would hit “American workers, American jobs and American consumers who would pay more for, for various products.” Asked if he was prepared to retaliate, Trudeau sidestepped a direct answer. “We're continuing to...work on multiple fronts with the United States, whether it's moving towards a renegotiated modernized NAFTA, whether it's in making sure that our steel and aluminum industry and now our auto industry is protected from ...tariffs,” said Trudeau before heading into a caucus meeting. “There are a lot of files that we continue to work on.” “Nobody wins in a trade war,” said Liberal MP Wayne Easter, chair of the Commons finance committee and co-chair of the Canada-U.S. Interparliamentary Group. “But the government is considering its options and we will exercise some of those options should this happen, you can be assured of that.”
Easter said tariffs could target “endless products because there's endless trade. One of the areas the U.S. is certainly most vulnerable is their farm sector. And you know who won all those states in the last election?” Farm state support was crucial to Trump's election in 2016.
Article Continued Below
New Democrat Brian Masse, MP for Windsor-West and a member of the cross-border interparliamentary association, said trade retaliation is risky. “We have to be careful about compounding the problem,” he said. “It depends on how we'd target it; what we can do is make things worse inadvertently to many industries, including the automotive sector where we could do ourselves further harm.” “I do think we have to stand up for Canadian jobs, and represent our interests well, and some of that may involve tough news,” said Conservative MP Marilyn Gladu, whose Sarnia Lambton riding runs along the U.S. border. She said she wasn't surprised Ottawa is readying options, but worried that resorting to tariffs “could escalate.” “Any good team would have lots of contingencies and lots of tactics in place that can be used, but the last time Canada was granted an exemption and I would hope the U.S. would do that again.” Canada's foreign affairs minister portrayed the NAFTA negotiations the same way she has for weeks — as ongoing, in a very intense phase, with a possible deal still within reach. Freeland told reporters she and Lighthizer mainly discussed how to rewrite NAFTA rules on the auto sector, as well as the Trump administration's threat to include Canada among countries targeted by tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, adding she also spoke with her Mexican counterpart Ildefonso Guajardo. Yet despite Freeland's insistance NAFTA and U.S. tariffs are separate issues, it is clear NAFTA talks are deeply entangled with the steel and aluminum import issue, as well as an investigation the U.S. has launched into the national security implications of automotive imports. Freeland said she stressed to Lighthizer several times that “Canada considers it frankly absurd that we would in any way be considered to be a national security threat to the United States.” “We are probably the closest ally of the United States,” said Freeland. She reminded him “when it comes to steel and steel products the U.S. has a surplus in trade with Canada.” Freeland said the Liberal government “is absolutely prepared to and will defend Canadian industries and Canadian jobs” saying only she would respond “appropriately.” Jerry Dias, president of Unifor, the largest union representing autoworkers, said in an interview that while domestic U.S. automakers recognize Canada and the U.S are integrated auto industries, they support President Donald Trump's attempt to target cheap auto imports from Korea, Japan and Europe, and dumped steel from places like China and Korea. Dias said Canada is swept up in those tariff discussions because Trump is “using it as political leverage in NAFTA.” Trump continues to throw “so many ridiculous proposals on the table” that it's clear to Dias “the man does not want a deal...because he figures he's politically much better off heading into the U.S. primaries saying ‘Listen, I've got tariffs, I'm retaliating, I'm fighting all these countries that have ripped us off for years, I'm playing absolute political hardball and I need (Republicans in) the senate and the House (of Representatives) in order to maintain it.” If he had a NAFTA deal in hand, Trump could be accused by political rivals of not negotiating hard enough and getting enough concessions, Dias said. One senior official said there are currently no plans for Trudeau, Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto to meet on NAFTA, denying a rumour circulating on Parliament Hill that a trilateral meeting would happen before the G7 leaders next week. Mexico is not a member of the G7. Two senior Canadian government officials, speaking on background, also denied a Hill Times report Wednesday that there was a NAFTA deal, particularly on autos, on the table that three negotiating teams had agreed to that was subsequently killed by Trump. When reporters asked Freeland about the prospect of getting a deal in time to have it passed by the current Congress, she said “the U.S. legislative process is not one of my responsibilities; it's the job of the United States to manage its own legislative process.” Dias was blunter: “I think the days of crossing your fingers? I think those days are gone.”
Read more about:
Maxi Kleber, right, who tied a career-high with 16 points, rejects Timberwolves center Karl-Anthony Towns in Sunday's game. But Towns had 28 points and 12 rebounds as the T'wolves finished with the upper hand. Hannah Foslien AP
WWE News: Seth Rollins insists that WWE doesn't need mainstream stars like Ronda Rousey to thrive
Seth Rollins isn't a big fan of the idea of UFC stars in WWE.
by Rohit Nath News 14 Aug 2017, 23:52 IST
Seth Rollins doesn't seem to think WWE needs Ronda Rousey
What's the story?
In a recent interview with The Sun, Seth Rollins opined that WWE didn't need to rely on UFC superstars to thrive because of the talent on the WWE roster.
In case you didn't know...
It's no secret that WWE loves mainstream superstars getting involved in their programming, as it generates a lot of buzz towards their product. In the past, WWE has involved several guests celebrities, with the inaugural UFC Women's Bantamweight Champion being one of them.
Ronda Rousey made an appearance at WrestleMania 31, where she along with The Rock took out Triple H and Stephanie McMahon. The moment even won the "This is Awesome" moment of 2015 at the Slammy Awards
The prospect of Ronda Rousey going to the WWE has been the subject of speculation for a long time. It's no secret that Rousey is a huge fan of professional wrestling, and after her loss to Amanda Nunes at UFC 207, it seemed that Rousey signing with WWE was inevitable.
She last appeared at the Mae Young Classic along with her fellow 4-Horsewomen where 3 of them were sitting ringside.
The heart of the matter
When asked about the possibility of Ronda Rousey in WWE, The Architect Seth Rollins said
"I think we have maybe the most talented roster of all time.I don't think we need anybody to help or crossover. If they want to come over to our world and have some fun then that's cool but we're happy doing our thing on our own."
Rollins isn't wrong in that WWE arguably has the best roster it's ever had in 2017. The problem comes with the fact that there are no larger than life characters like there were back in the Attitude Era and even the Ruthless Aggression Era, to some degree.
What's next?
Seth Rollins is in probably the best storyline in WWE right now along with Dean Ambrose. The two superstars are expected to face Cesaro & Sheamus for the RAW Tag Team Championship at SummerSlam.
Author's take
Seth Rollins is right in that WWE doesn't NEED superstars like Ronda Rousey to thrive. However, Vince McMahon's approach is to have the crossover of WWE with the mainstream.
Regardless of what Rollins thinks, WWE will always jump at the first opportunity they get to have a big celebrity on their programming.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
How Tech Is Driving Agriculture In Africa
From drone technology to mobile apps that assist farmers across the continent, Africa is a pioneer on the agritech front, and the technologies that are being incorporated into agriculture are helping to put food on the tables of people all over the world.
Amazon Video has video. A lot of video. Amazon Prime Video has a lot of video that's free along with your Amazon Prime membership. And for everything else — a whole lot of everything else — there's Amazon Prime Video Channels.
These are a series of channels to which you'll subscribe monthly and then have available on your Amazon Fire TV, or Fire tablet, or on the web. You get a free seven-day trial for each channel, and then you start paying after that. (Conveniently, through your Amazon account.)
It's a great complement for whatever streaming services you already have through Amazon Fire TV. And it's a brilliant way to check out video that otherwise is off the beaten path.
Here are just a few of the better channels we think you should check out — but by all means definitely cruise through the entire Prime Video Channels section, too. (All prices listed are monthly, and remember that you'll need an Amazon Prime membership, too.)
Fiat Chrysler and Alphabet are already working together via Waymo, the former Google self-driving car project, and now Google is also teaming with the automaker for in-car system tech, using Android as the base for a new infotainment and connect car platform. The new FCA in-car system is called Uconnect, and uses Android 7.0 to deliver a range of features, including Android app compatibility alongside more traditional in-car controls like AC and heat, also with terrestrial radio.
Google' work with FCA goes well beyond the Android Auto model, which essentially layers on a simplified, driver-friendly and distraction reducing version of Android to an in-car display (or mounted smartphone), powered from the phone itself. The search giant clearly wants to push further into the dashboard of users, and do so in a way that is more deeply integrated with carmaker software and systems themselves.
“Google is committed to building Android as a turn-key automotive platform that integrates deeply with the vehicle in a safe and seamless way,” said Patrick Brady, Director of Android Engineering, Google in a press release announcing the news.
For the carmaker, Google and Android offer unique flexibility that give them the advantage of being able to offer customers app compatibility, but without having to give up total control of the branding and customer relationship.
“With Android, we are able to maintain our unique and intuitive Uconnect user interface, all while integrating our easy-to-use systems with Android's features and ecosystem of applications,” noted FCA Head of Electrical Engineering Chris Barman in the release.
This is an advantage that Google has which isn't available to Apple, which is also seeking to more closely integrate its mobile products into user's in-car lives via CarPlay. It's unlikely that Apple would ever cede control over the look and feel of the interface to automakers, since it has never had that kind of relationships with OEMs with either iOS or modern OS X/macOS software.
Arguably, letting automakers maintain responsibility for the look and feel of the in-car software interface isn't the ideal solution, since they've proven clumsy when it comes to UX in the past. But carmakers also face rigorous rules for preventing distraction, and would be unlikely to cede control of interface design entirely to operating system makers anyway, both because of this and their desire to control the customer experience.
Android's flexibility could prove key to getting it more presence in vehicles heading into a time when the in-car experience becomes something new and valuable, when autonomous vehicles begin to gain ground. I'll be sure to check out Uconnect while I'm at CES this week, where it'll be on display, but regardless of the experience, it's a smart strategic move for Google at this stage.
Renowned fashion designer‚ David Tlale and the winner of his intern reality show‚ Kuena Moshoeshoe are embroiled in a nasty spat‚ over prizes worth more than R1 million that she has not received two months later.
The Lesotho-born designer hopeful told TshisaLIVE she was tired of being treated like "a piece of shit‚" and didn't care if she lost the prizes she won in the competition that aired on SABC 3.
The prizes included a new Mercedes-Benz CLA‚ R200‚000 in cash‚ a studio with equipment to the value of R250‚000 and a chance to be an assistant designer to David Tlale for one year.
"He (David) is not making sense. His conditions are unreasonable but I can't discuss this right now. I am done waiting for anything from him‚ if he wants to keep them he can keep them‚ not to treat me like a piece of shit. I'm really done!‚" she said.
WESTFORD - Police have identified the woman killed Thursday afternoon in a one-car crash on Route 495 in Westford.
Lynne Tierney, 50 of North Billerica, is the victim, said Massachusetts State Police in a statement Friday.
Based on preliminary investigation police believe Tierney somehow lost control of her 2003 Chevrolet Trailblazer while traveling north on Route 495. The car veered off the left side of the highway into the median before rolling over, police said.
Tierney was found dead at the scene of the crash.
The crash is still under investigation.
Police have released no further information at this time.
We were promised a shocking moment on The Walking Dead midseason finale, titled "How It's Gotta Be" — and the powers that be at AMC weren't lying.
If you speculated that someone was going to die? Well, good for you, person who has watched The Walking Dead even once. And the moment has been a long time coming: this season is adapting the comic book storyline "All Out War," but has been surprisingly free of major casualties. Yes, a CGI tiger was eaten by radioactive zombies and Eric (Jordan Woods-Robinson) died via a gunshot wound from one of the villainous Saviors, but — all apologies to tigers and Eric — no major characters have gone to that great Atlanta in the sky this season.
Of course that all changed tonight. I'm going to give some spoiler space before we get into it, in case you haven't watched the episode yet. But be warned, spoilers are past this point.
Here's When The Walking DeadWill Return in 2018
Yep, The Walking Dead killed off Carl (Chandler Riggs). Grimes the Younger was left alone to defend the Alexandria Safe-Zone after the Saviors attacked all the communities in the area. While everyone else escaped, with most of the Saviors in pursuit, Carl stayed behind to distract those left with a few well placed flares... only to watch nearly every building in Alexandria get blown up.
Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) had previously taunted Carl with the death of everyone in the Safe-Zone, to which Carl offered his own life instead. "Kill me," he told the leader of the Saviors. But Carl had an ulterior motive: episodes earlier he had gotten bitten by a Walker. Carl's days were numbered, and it wasn't because of a Savior, but because of his own mercy towards a man named Siddiq (Avi Nash). The episode ended with a slow zoom out on Carl, as his father and de facto mother fell to their knees in front of him.
Just a note: This wasn't Riggs' swan song — he'll return in the next episode after the break. "This is a one way ticket, but the things we see in the next episode are so important to his life, and the other characters' lives," executive producer Scott Gimple said afterwards on Talking Dead.
Carl dying was the number-one theory going into this season — or at least after the season premiere — when a murky vision of the future via Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) included Carl, but gave him a bit of a "Paul is Dead" moment by neglecting to show his face. The moment was interspersed with scenes of Red-Eye Rick, who unfortunately was not the elder Grimes mixed with a shot of espresso, but probably a father sobbing over the death of his son.
Chandler Riggs Speaks out About That Stunning Walking Dead Twist
Carl has always been a danger magnet. He was shot while checking out a deer during Season 2 and again in the eye in Season 6. With Season 8 paying tribute to previous seasons of the show, it seems like third time definitely wasn't the charm.
This is a huge change from the comic books, where Carl isn't just very much alive, but also the future of the book. Show creator Robert Kirkman has always said that the book might outlive Rick, but Carl will be left standing to take the baton towards a brighter future. With that future extinguished, what happens next on TV is anyone's guess.
It also puts a huge chink in the plot armor that has surrounded many of the main characters on The Walking Dead. This is something that afflicts every show in later seasons: characters become so popular that there's no reasonable way of taking them out of the show, let alone kill them off, without significantly altering the course of the plot. Though I doubt that Carl's death (yes, this is really happening, you can keep crying if you like) will lead to a mass murder of characters like Daryl (Norman Reedus) and Carol (Melissa McBride), it does mean that going forward there's an uneasiness about them that's settled over one of the more unpredictable shows on TV, pretty much since the Grimes Gang arrived in Alexandria Safe-Zone during Season 5.
Of course, this means big things for Rick going forward. Yes, he's formed a virtual family around him since he woke up from his coma way back in the series premiere. But Carl is the rock that has kept him going, the constant who let Rick keep fighting even when everything was lost. There's no way that Rick, who has consistently lost his s--t at every major turn, does not lose his s--t over this and start talking to Carl in a can of pudding or something.
It also puts a big question mark on where the war will go from here. With Rick unmoored and Carl out of the picture, could Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) actually — gasp — win? Probably not, but at the same time, the ending from the comic (spoiler space here), which had Rick sparing Negan's life to prove a point, might be vastly different.
... Or maybe not. At the top of the episode Carl tells Rick in a flashback that there needs to be something more than just hope and killing all the Saviors — there needs to be something after. And that's what Rick offers Negan in the books, a chance to make the world a better place, to rebuild it together. Perhaps these words from Carl will push Rick past his grief in order to create a future in his son's honor.
Whatever happens next, it'll be without Carl.
The Walking Dead returns Sunday, Feb. 25 at 9/8c on AMC.
Thank you Glenn McGrath
Bipin Dani
Observer Correspondent
Mumbai
Margaret Lorant, the 54-year-old breast cancer affected woman in Australia is hoping to be recovered through the medical assistance and care she is receiving from the McGrath Foundation (which was established by former Australian fast bowler Glenn McGrath and his wife Jane, who died due to breast cancer).
Sam Burns, the McGrath Breast Care Nurse from Liverpool is helping her to recover from all her miseries.
“Margaret was 54 when her husband, Ian found a lump on a weekend away. Her mother was diagnosed with breast cancer at 80 and her cousin is also currently going through breast cancer, however her breast cancer is not hereditary”, Sue Martin, the McGrath Foundation spokeswoman, speaking exclusively from Australia, said.
Margaret was working for Fairfax media as a copy coordinator at the time and has taken a redundancy package to focus on her health.
“She has a daughter who is 23 and Ian is her absolute rock and has helped her all the way through”, Martin added.
Margaret describes her McGrath Breast Care Nurse, Sam Burns as her “pick up lady” – someone who no matter, can pick her up and make her feel so good again. She said if Sam wasn't there, she doesn't know if she would have survived. She owes so much to Sam as she has “always, ALWAYS” been there for Margaret, picking her up during the most challenging time in her life.
“Margaret is just recovering from her last chemo session, and despite having a terrible time with horrendous side effects, she will be feeling much better for the cricket and is really looking forward to it – she loves sport!”, Sue Signed off.
The United States Air Force Total Force Band performs in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena, Calif., Jan. 2, 2017. The USAF Total Force Band kicked off the Air Force 70th Birthday celebration playing several venues in Southern California culminating with their appearance in the 128th Rose Parade. The band is comprised of active duty and Air National Guard musicians from around the Air Force. (U.S. Air Force photo/Louis Briscese)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.02.2017 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 15:12 Photo ID: 3083241 VIRIN: 170102-F-LI975-0146 Resolution: 3000x2400 Size: 1.17 MB Location: US Web Views: 22 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [Image 1 of 12], by Louis Briscese, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
David shares a special place and time in Michigan
Last July I sloughed off all my obligations for a long weekend and headed for Evart. Evart, you say. Is that a person? A place? A thing? It is, after all, a noun, so it must be one of these. If you guessed from context that this is a place you're the winner, but it's much more. It's the location of a dulcimer festival, and from all the evidence the largest one in the world; but it's much more than that even. Lemme tell you about it.
Osceola County, Michigan, is more flat than hilly. Mighty lot of pine trees, and it can be dusty. By no means well-off economically. But Evart boasts the best mineral water you've ever tasted, pure and cold right out of the ground. There are commercial agreements with Coca-cola for some of it. Folks don't want to lose their aquifer, but it's good money into a sparse region.
I go for the festival, and not just because I'm an avid hammered dulcimer player. This place has become a musical/cultural crossroad. The Original Dulcimer Players' Club was founded in 1963, and by 1973 they called their big meeting in Evart a festival, and the grand-daddy of hammered dulcimer festivals was born. It wasn't very hard to attract also the fiddlers, guitarists, and banjo players to the festival because, as I have said, the region is a crossroads. Pioneers traveling west across the great lakes, immigrants from Scandinavian countries and northern Europe into Canada heading for the Great Plains, commerce to and from the upper Midwest to New England and back made the environs around Evart a natural gathering place in the past to swap stories, court a companion, learn new dances and dance tunes—fiddle tunes, dulcimer tunes, from all over the world. And it still fulfills that promise. I've heard Polish, Cajun, Hungarian, Russian, French, English, Irish dance tunes, Western Swing, Appalachian, New England, Ozarks, and Upper Midwest tunes, all in this one place. There has developed a Midwestern “style” of playing around Michigan, and even two ways of tuning the hammered dulcimer that are unique, one from Illinois and one from Michigan. Henry Ford—the Henry Ford, sponsored a dulcimer-based dance band that played at his mansion—now the Ford Museum—during the thirties. Because of the migration patterns Michigan has come to possess the largest number of hammered dulcimer players per capita of any U.S. state, and so Evart serves its old purpose of attracting players from all over America for this long weekend.
People begin showing up at the county fair campgrounds a week in advance, to get together, gossip, swap tunes, cook on campfires, dance, and have fun. On the festival weekend Friday night, a part of the first stage show is a massed dulcimer gathering. Weeks prior, four or five tunes had been posted, formerly by mail, now by Internet, for everybody who wishes to learn, and they come together Friday night to perform them. This festival holds the world record for the number assembled—nearly two hundred hammering at once. It's a sight and a treat. But the ultimate experiences there are the music sessions that go on until three, four o'clock in the morning. I had tunes with an old friend from West Virginia that I didn't even know was going to be there; we had a very satisfying—mostly Irish--session with two Michi-ganders and a Hoosier. I played “knock-down-drag-out” Evart style dulcimer for two days—a way of playing encompassing Western swing, New England, and Midwestern heritage rolled up into one. Let's see. In that session Saturday there were three hammered dulcimers, three fiddles, two guitars, a banjo, a c-melody saxophone, an upright “dawg-house” bass, and a guy on a musical saw. Good way to live, making music. If more people did it maybe we wouldn't have so much fighting and wars.
Music:
Levee Breakdown/Jefferson City Hornpipe by Cathy Barton and Dave Para
Billy in the Lowground by Bill Robinson and Friends
Ali jibran
THE Chinese officials were looking at the American elections with great hope as they envisaged the presidency of Donald Trump as relief from mounting hostility with the departing Obama's administration. The remarks about China by Donald Trump, before elections, were taken as no more than a political gambit to win electoral support; but the president-elect's recent provocative remarks are regarded now in China as a new deliberate and aggressive United States policy against China's rising economic and military power that seeks reshaping of bilateral relations between the two biggest economies.
Taiwan is a key player in the new belligerent United States strategy towards China as Trump spoke on phone to Taiwanese president on December 2_ a break with US policy of decades long as the US officially did not recognize Taiwan as an independent country, separated from mainland China. In the previous two weeks, Trump took a series of public swipes at China when he accused China manipulating its currency, constructing “a massive fortress” in the South China Sea and deliberately not doing sufficient to pressure Kim Jong-un's North Korea.
When Goldman Sachs predicted in 2007 that Chinese economy will replace the US economy in 2027 as the biggest economy, there was a lot of criticism and suspicion on this estimate. But, Mike Patton, in 2016, has predicted in forbes that the Chinese GDP will replace the US GDP as the greatest GDP in 2018. Furthermore, he opined that China's relative economic power is increasing as China's contribution to global economic output increased from 4.1 percent in 1970 to 15.6 percent in 2015.On the other hand, the US relative economic might is decreasing significantly as its contribution in global economy has dwindled.
This huge economic power made China able to increase its defense spending 10 per cent last year, and it is reported that Chinese budget will be doubled between 2010 and 2020, outspending all the countries of Western Europe. Michael Pillsbury, a former Pentagon official, warned that China has set a clandestine 100-year plan to displace the United States as the global superpower. Similarly Representative Randy Forbes supports a huge naval buildup to threaten Beijing in the Asia-Pacific. Based on these suggestions, Trump endeavors to confront Beijing's mounting military and economic prowess in the region by embracing Taiwan, positioning more ships and planes and entering in more basing agreements with partners like Vietnam, Taiwan and Japan.
The Pentagon, too, seems to endorse new anti-China policy as it is more eager to flex its muscles in the South China Sea. Admiral Harry Harris, head of the US Pacific Command, said on Wednesday that the United States is prepared to tackle China if it continues its violent behavior in the South China Sea. He said, “We will not allow a shared domain to be closed down unilaterally, no matter how many bases are built on artificial features in the South China Sea”.
Therefore, the recent controversial statement of Trump regarding China should is well calculated part of new US anti-China strategy. But, White House and Pentagon should take one thing in view that to question “One China” policy is a matter of civilisational heritage for the Chinese and this can disrupt the “low profile” Chinese administration policy adopted since Deng Xiaoping.
The Ambassador, Cui Tiankai, told US company executives: “Basic norms of international relations should be observed, not ignored, certainly not be seen as something you can trade off. And indeed, national sovereignty and territorial integrity are not bargaining chips. Absolutely not. I hope everybody would understand that,” Reuters quoted him as saying. Similarly, Barak Obama, speaking on Friday, urged his successor to be careful of infuriating a “very significant” rejoinder from Beijing over Taiwan.
– The writer is a PhD Researcher in IR at IIU, Islamabad.
Email:ali.jibran33@gmail.com
Been at it for 8 years and I'm still not happy. #progress #nevergiveup #GRIND #planlphotography #Therightcrew
A post shared by SENZOKUHLE (@senzo_radebe) on Nov 15, 2017 at 3:15am PST
RAMALLAH (Reuters/Hamodia) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 3:38 pm |
A damaged vehicle of the convoy of Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah is removed after an explosion in the northern Gaza Strip, March 13. (Reuters/Mohammed Salem)
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday blamed Hamas for the March 13 bomb attack on the convoy of PA Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah in Gaza, saying it was a “despicable and sinful act.”
Hamdallah and Palestinian security chief Majid Faraj were uninjured when a roadside bomb exploded as they entered the Gaza Strip on their way to a ceremony in the enclave that is dominated by the Hamas faction and is a rival of Abbas's Fatah faction.
In a speech at a Palestinian leadership meeting, Abbas announced sanctions against the Hamas rulers of Gaza:
“I have decided to take national, legal and monetary steps against Gaza in interest of the conservation of the national project,” Abbas said.
Abbas also said that he will not accept any findings from a Hamas investigation of the attempted assassination, The Times of Israel reported.
Hamas has denied involvement.
Erdoğan: 'Ruling party needs much more radical change'
2017-08-15 03:08 | www.trend.az | 0
The ruling Justice and Development (AK) Party needs to undergo a "much more radical change" ahead of the 2019 general elections, Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Monday.
Speaking at an event marking the 16th anniversary of the AK Party at a theme park in the capital's Sincan district, Erdoğan said the party had undergone a lot of changes during the last 16 years, "but this time we need a more radical change."
Referring to the recent reorganization made in the party's governing body, Erdoğan attributed the party's current success to the continuous changes made in the party's organizational structure, saying this move should not be considered a "purge" but rather a "reshuffle" in this "service" which we consider a "relay race".
Five new ministers joined the Turkish Cabinet last month in a reshuffle of the government posts. Six existing ministers were reappointed, meaning a total of 11 changes in the 27-member Cabinet.
The reshuffle followed April's constitutional referendum that allowed Erdoğan to resume his official ties to the ruling party.
Erdoğan said the need for change was driven in particular by the 2019 elections, adding "We should work towards this end".
The president added that the completion of the 2023 goals would crown AK Party's achievements, referring to Turkey's vision for 2023, which marks the centenary of the Republic of Turkey.
The country has set specific goals and targets for the year 2023 that include major improvements in the economy, energy, health care, and transportation.
Erdoğan retook the party reins at an extraordinary congress on May 21, 2017. For nearly three years prior, as president he was barred from leading the party, but constitutional changes ratified in a public referendum ended that prohibition.
He had led the party for 13 years starting from its foundation in 2001.
During his time as prime minister from 2003-2014 he saw two general elections in which the party returned to power with a greater share of the vote each time.
General News of Wednesday, 25 April 2018
Source: Myjoyonline.com
Dr Samuel Annor is Chief Executive Officer (NHIA)
The Chief Executive of the National Head Insurance Authority (NHIA) has insisted his outfit has cleared a chunk of the debts owed to service providers under the health insurance scheme.
Dr Samuel Annor told Myjoyonline.com except for some few claims which the authority is withholding in order to do a thorough check and be satisfied before paying, his outfit has cleared almost all the debt it inherited.
He was reacting to claims by some service providers under the National Health Insurance Scheme that they are owed close to 15 months of outstanding arrears.
While addressing the London School of Economics Africa Summit last week the president stated: “…of the GH¢1.2 billion debt we inherited, the equivalent of $300 million, we have paid, in the last 15 months, GH¢1 billion, the equivalent of $250 million.”
Barely a week after the president's remarks, his vice Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia also repeated same at the 2018 health summit organized by the Ministry of Health in conjunction with the World Health Organisation in Accra.
Despite the claims of payment, some service providers have been wailing over arrears some of which they say has been between 13-15 months outstanding.
Association of Private clinic denied receiving any payment from the NHIA.
Its spokesperson Donkor Boakye Samuel told Joy News the arrears are adversely affecting health delivery in the country.
But Dr. Samuel Annor told Myjoyonline.com if there are claims of non-payment to some service providers they are isolated cases.
He would rather each claim of non-payment is investigated on its own merit.
To show proof of payment to some of the service providers the NHIA provided an inconclusive list of hospitals and other health facilities which were paid some monies in December 2017.
Dr. Annor insisted that all the claims which were submitted on time, and through the electronic channels have all been paid.
He dismissed claims any of the service providers are owed outstanding 15-month arrears.
He added some of the service providers were paid 10% less of their actual claims as vetting still continues to ascertain the veracity of the financial demands. He said when a thorough vetting process is concluded all service providers which were underpaid will receive their full payment while those who may have been overpaid will refund.
According to him, some of the service providers submitted their claims manually instead of electronically which take a relatively long period in vetting.
In line with that, he said his outfit will soon be proposing a complete automation of all service providers in order to facilitate claims payment at all levels.
He also proposed a stringent legal environment that will make it a disincentive for service providers to inflate prices of services rendered to patients.
Gorakhpur: Health authorities on Monday delivered oxygen to a public hospital in Uttar Pradesh where 63 people have died of encephalitis in recent days, nearly half of them children, as it ran out of medical supplies because of unpaid bills, triggering public outrage.
The deaths of the children have again exposed India`s underfunded and poorly managed public healthcare despite Prime Minister Narendra Modi government`s vows to revamp the system. Hundreds of people die each year in India of encephalitis, a mosquito-borne disease common during the monsoon season, and no medical official directly linked the recent deaths to a lack of oxygen.
But complaints that the hospital in Gorakhpur did not have enough supplies has stoked anger against the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party which governs Uttar Pradesh state.
"We now have adequate supplies of oxygen cylinders, there was a shortage last week... but I am not in a position to say whether they were the cause behind the deaths," R.K. Sahai, a senior medical officer in the hospital, said.
Television images of parents emerging from the hospital carrying the bodies of infants and alleging they died because there they didn`t get oxygen have led to a firestorm of criticism of chief minister Yogi Adityanath, a saffron-robed Hindu hardliner who took office earlier this year.
Bipin Singh said his six-year-old daughter died on Thursday because of lack of oxygen and he had seen six other children die for the same reason.
"My daughter and other children were unable to breathe. We kept telling the nurses that they should call the doctors. The doctors said they have ordered for oxygen cylinders but we never saw them being used."
Bahadur Nishad, who lost a four-year-old son suffering from encephalitis, said he was ready to pay for the oxygen cylinders himself.
“They told me there was a shortage of cylinders," he said and turned his wrath on chief minister Yogi Adityanath whose electoral constituency is Gorakhpur.
Other parents spoke of desperately trying to arrange basic materials such as cotton gauze, glucose injections and blood supplies as their children struggled for life in the wards.
Patients continued to stream into the hospital over the weekend. Some 450 patients suffering from encephalitis were admitted on Saturday alone, of whom 200 were children under 12, hospital records showed.
Many were being treated on the floor and near toilets due to the shortage of beds.
Government expenditure on public health is about one percent of GDP, among the world`s lowest. In recent years, Modi`s government has increased health spending and vowed to make healthcare more affordable.
The Uttar Pradesh government fired the head of the hospital as well as the doctor who headed the paediatrics department to head off criticism from the opposition.
But Rajeev Misra, the sacked chief of the hospital, told reporters he had repeatedly written to the state administration to release funds to pay suppliers.
Sahai, the medical officer at the hospital, said authorities were investigating the reasons for the shortage of oxygen cylinders.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): President Mamnoon Hussain
Monday while expressing concern over the Indian incursions
into the Chinese territory, said Pakistan fully supported the
stance of China.
Talking to Vice Premier of China Wang Yang here at the
President House, he appreciated China for its adept handling
of the issue and reiterated that Pakistan stood by it on the
issues of Tibet, Sinkiang and South China Sea, a statement from
the President House said.
President said that Pakistan would also continue to work
along with China for eliminating terrorism.
He was also appreciative of the Chinese role in bringing peace and
stability to Afghanistan and hoped it would bring positive
results and the issue would be resolved at the earliest.
Both the leaders discussed the whole range of their
bilateral affairs, with a particular focus on the China
Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) and expressed the resolve to ensure
its early completion as the project was vital for the regional
peace, security and stability and prosperity.
The meeting was also attended by
delegations from the either sides.
The President said that Pakistan desired to resolve all
issues, including Jammu and Kashmir, with India through
dialogue. He said that Pakistan was looking forward to the visit of
Chinese Premier to Pakistan soon.
President Mamnoon thanked the Chinese Vice Premier for
participating in the Pakistan's 70th Independence Day
celebrations and said it was reflective of their strong bonds
and friendship. He said the two countries had stood by each
other through thick and thin and their ties would continue to
strengthen in the days ahead.
Chinese Vice Premier, Wang Yang said that Pakistan
China friendship was higher than the political considerations.
He said Pakistan had played a positive role in countering
terrorism according to its priorities and situation in the
country was now far better. He assured his country's complete
cooperation in this regard.
He was also appreciative of the speech of the President
earlier at the flag hoisting ceremony and hoped it would
further unite the nation and strengthen it.
He underlined the need for stronger Pakistan China economic
cooperation and said China would increase imports from Pakistan for a better
balance in trade.
He said the ties between the two countries were exemplary and would
further strengthen in the days ahead.
Vimeo CEO Anjali Sud advises young people to create their own opportunities.
Sud said that she's ambitious and impatient, and has learned how to use those traits to advance her career without looking back.
Even though she didn't initially see herself in the CEO spot at Vimeo, she took landing the job as a vote of confidence in her work.
Anjali Sud became the CEO of IAC-owned Vimeo at 34.
But she never openly campaigned for the job. "I didn't explicitly raise my hand for the role, because I didn't really — it didn't occur to me that that would make sense," Sud told Business Insider for an episode of our podcast "Success! How I Did It!."
However, once she was chosen, she did not question her credentials or ability to lead. The appointment helped empower Sud, who said her promotion "definitely gave me an indication that I felt the strategy was right. Everything I believed about Vimeo, what's wrong with the industry, and what we could accomplish as a business — I was getting validation, and it definitely made me trust my gut around where we should grow."
The experience contributed to the advice she now gives young people looking to advance in business: Create your own opportunities.
One way to do that, Sud told Business Insider, is to "look where others aren't looking. One of the reasons I was given ownership of the creator side of the business is because it wasn't, at the time, the area that was getting all the focus and attention, so they could take more of a chance on me."
Before her stint as CEO, Sud spent three years at Vimeo leading the team that worked with filmmakers.
You can subscribe to the podcast and listen to the episode below:
Textile manufacturing takes a heavy toll on the environment, from the pesticides used to grow cotton to the polluted water created by dye runoff. Fashion's short retail cycle also results in millions of tons of waste every year.
Plug and Play hopes that its new accelerator, called Plug and Play-Fashion for Good, will solve some of these issues by connecting textile startups with large retailers. The program, a partnership between Plug and Play, Fashion for Good, a global initiative founded by C&A Foundation, and luxury conglomerate Kering, whose brands include Gucci and Alexander McQueen, launched last week in Amsterdam.
Its first batch includes companies that create organic dyes from microorganisms (Pili-Bio) and cleaners from carbon dioxide to reduce water waste (Tersus). The full list of startups is: Agraloop, Amadou, Dragon, Dropel, ICA Bremen, MySource, MycoTex, Pili-bio, RePack, Sundar, Tersus and Tipa
Like Plug and Play's other programs, the textile accelerator's goal is to build relationships between startups and corporations, says Plug and Play founder and CEO Saeed Amidi. In this case, these include Walmart and Target, in addition to C&A Foundation and Kering.
“Technology can find a better way to dye clothes or a better way to grow cotton or reuse end-of-life clothing,” says Amidi. “We think the same process of accelerating software startups can be applied to fashion.”
Michael Olmstead, Plug and Play's vice president of corporate partnerships, adds that the accelerator's goals is to take innovation in the apparel industry beyond e-commerce companies.
“Fashion is one of the most polluting industries and we're looking to really accelerate the transition to a very circular industry,” he says.
Some of the startups in Plug and Play—Fashion for Good's first batch are developing new types of textiles made from plants. For example, Mycotex and Amadou both create leather substitutes from mushroom fibers, which are not only biodegradable, but may also help reduce methane emissions from livestock and pollutants from the tanning process.
Other companies, like ICA Bremen, focus on accountability in the manufacturing process. ICA Bremen uses nano-technology to create tiny tracers that allow manufacturers to keep track of how much organic cotton fiber a piece of fabric contains, an important criterion for organic certification.
One incentive for retailers is that young consumers are willing to spend extra on brands that cultivate a reputation for environmental responsibility.
“If you look at a generation that is really conscious of sustainability, it's millenials,” Olmstead notes, “And they are obviously the ones who are spending money.”
Featured Image: Sinan Saglam/EyeEm/Getty Images
Dunkin' Donuts coffee and and doughnuts
Dunkin' Brands
The debate rages — is it donut or doughnut?
Spelling will take a backseat to savings this Friday for National Doughnut Day — or National Donut Day in some circles.
Shops across the country are marking the day with fried freebies and delectable deals.
Celebrated annually on the first Friday in June, the day of the pastry was established in 1938 to honor The Salvation Army Donut Lassies, women who served the treats to soldiers during World War I.
"The doughnut was and continues to be a symbol of the comfort and support that The Salvation Army provides to more than 23 million people in need each year," said Lt. Col. Ward Matthews, Salvation Army secretary for national community relations and development in a statement.
Attention donut lovers, #NationalDonutDay is this Friday and we're asking you to celebrate with us by giving donuts to someone in your life who deserves a sweet surprise. Learn more: https://t.co/q2nAAz0dAX pic.twitter.com/nCYgDDoN2g — Salvation Army USA (@SalvationArmyUS) May 29, 2018
This year, the Salvation Army is marking the day with events across the country and has teamed up with Entenmann's to host “Do Good Donut Parties” to deliver treats to more than 8,500 veterans. Find the events at www.salvationarmyusa.org.
Expect doughnut shops and bakeries to be crowded Friday even if they're not giving away free treats.
Brad Plothow, vice president of brand and communications for Womply, a small business software provider, said the made-up holiday is a big day for bakeries.
“People don't spend more but far more people pack into bakeries looking for a treat, resulting in lots more dough for local bakeries,” Plothow said.
More: Need rad gifts for grads and dads? These gift card deals come with bonuses
More: Dunkin' Donuts is testing fries for potential national menu addition
More: Dunkin' launches new intergalactic drinks, doughnut
The doughy deals
Participation and offers can vary by location and unless otherwise noted these deals are only available June 1 while supplies last. To be on the safe side, check with your closest location.
BI-LO: Get a 50% discount on all doughnuts in the bakery Friday. Plus through 11 p.m. ET Friday, say why you love doughnuts on the grocer's Facebook page for a chance to win free doughnuts for a year.
Burger King: The fast-food chain is cutting a hole in its Whopper sandwich to create the “first flame-grilled donut” at five select restaurants in New York, Los Angeles, Miami, Boston and Salt Lake City. The Whopper Donut only available Friday comes with a “free” mini slider, which is the donut hole of the burger.
Clinton Hall: Through Friday, get the “Twisted Donut Burger” with a side of fries for $16. The limited-time burger is a twist on the New York restaurant's grilled cheese doughnut and has bacon, jalapenos and Twisted Tea-infused icing.
Cumberland Farms: From 5 a.m. to 10 a.m. Friday, get a free doughnut with purchase of any dispensed beverage, which includes hot or iced coffee, fountain or frozen beverages. This deal is only valid at new concept or remodeled locations.
The Dough Bar: Through Sunday, the company featured on Shark Tank for making protein doughnuts offers 10% off all orders plus one free doughnut and one free crispy bar. Plus, it has 11 new limited flavors available this week while supplies last.
Duck Donuts: Get one free classic doughnut Friday, including bare, cinnamon sugar or powdered sugar. No purchase necessary and also get a buy-one-get-one free doughnut coupon redeemable through June 17.
Duffy's Sports Grill: On Friday, get a free order of Red Velvet doughnuts at all locations. Limit one order per table.
Dunkin' Donuts: Get a free classic doughnut of your choice with the purchase of any beverage all day Friday while supplies last.
#NationalDonutDay is coming, Friday 6/1! Treat Do' Self to a FREE donut with the purchase of any beverage. 🍩🎉❤️ pic.twitter.com/9Z0ERZBmno — Dunkin' Donuts (@dunkindonuts) May 30, 2018
Edible Arrangements: The chain has launched new Edible Donuts made with granny smith apples, chocolate and a variety of toppings. On Friday, get a free doughnut and from June 2-6 any size or combo is buy-one-get-one free.
Entenmann's: The baked goods brand is accepting entries through June 30 for its Chief Donut Officer Contest at www.chiefdonutofficer.com for the chance to win the honorary title and prizes including $5,000 and a year's supply of donuts.
Fractured Prune Doughnuts: Get get a free “OC Sand” doughnut at participating stores Friday.
Fresco y Más: Get a 50% discount on all doughnuts in the bakery Friday. Plus through 11 p.m. ET Friday, say why you love doughnuts on the store's Facebook page for a chance to win free doughnuts for a year.
Giant Eagle: Get a dozen doughnuts for $3.99 Friday at 175 corporate and 54 independently-owned and operated Market District supermarkets throughout western Pennsylvania, Ohio, north central West Virginia and Maryland. Also, GetGo Café + Market stores will have a buy-one-get-one free doughnut deal. Both offers require the chain's Advantage Card.
Harveys: Get a 50% discount on all doughnuts in the bakery Friday. Plus through 11 p.m. ET Friday, say why you love doughnuts on the grocer's Facebook page for a chance to win free doughnuts for a year.
Honey Dew Donuts: Get a free S'More Donut with the purchase of any medium or larger beverage Friday at participating locations. Limit one per customer, while supplies last.
Krispy Kreme: No purchase is necessary to get one free doughnut Friday.
LaMar's Donuts: Get any doughnut with a hole for free on Friday with a Golden Ticket coupon, which you can print or show on your smartphone.
Martin's Super Market: Get a free doughnut from the case or $1 off a dozen donuts Friday.
McAlister's Deli: June 1 kicks off National Iced Tea Month and the first 20 people in line at each location Friday gets a free 32-ounce reusable tea tumbler. Also Friday through June 10, which is National Iced Tea Day, rewards members can get a 32-cent tea with the McAlister's app.
Papa John's: Get a free order of the pizza chain's warm donut holes Friday with any online purchase. Starting June 2, use promo code DONUT for a free order with any purchase of two pizzas.
For #NationalDonutDay we've got something big in the works. Well, technically small, but also big. And sweet. pic.twitter.com/km74ekyiWv — Papa John's Pizza (@PapaJohns) May 30, 2018
Potbelly Sandwich Shop: While not a National Doughnut Day deal, June 1 is the chain's 41st birthday and it's offering Potbelly Perks members a free sandiwch with purchase of a sandwich. To join, sign up at www.potbelly.com/perks or download the Android or iPhone app.
Rise Biscuits Donuts: All locations will donate 100% of Friday's sales of the Chocolate Icing Donut to a local food bank.
Shipley Do-Nuts: Get one free glazed do-nut Friday from 5 a.m. to noon for what the Texas-based chain is calling “National Do-Nut Day.”
Strike gold this #NationalDonutDay! The first in-restaurant Guest after 6am on June 1st to ask for the “Gold Timbits®” at selected locations in Buffalo, Columbus and Detroit will have a chance to win free donuts for a year! No purchase necessary: https://t.co/CtYpr3Nyrt pic.twitter.com/rNPDHTQ967 — Tim Hortons U.S. (@TimHortonsUS) May 25, 2018
Sugar Shack Donuts & Coffee: The Virginia-based chain offers a daily freebie with varying requirements. Recent examples include a free house donut for those whose name started with W or for wearing College Alma Mater swag. Find out the daily freebie on Sugar Shack's social media accounts.
Tim Hortons: Only five U.S. locations will have “Gold Timbits” and the first guest to ask for them after 6 a.m. Friday at the select locations will get the edible 24k gold-covered Timbits for free and win free doughnuts for a year. It's a hunt to find the locations but company officials say they're in the Detroit, Columbus, Ohio, and Buffalo, N.Y.
Walmart: Get one free glazed doughnut at all Walmart stores Friday. The retailer expects to give 1.2 million doughnuts Friday.
Winn-Dixie: Get a 50% discount on all doughnuts in the bakery Friday. Plus through 11 p.m. ET Friday, say why you love doughnuts on the grocer's Facebook page for a chance to win free doughnuts for a year.
More deals: Locally-owned businesses and smaller chains also may have deals Friday. One of the easiest ways to find out is to check social media channels.
Kelly Tyko is a consumer columnist and retail reporter for Treasure Coast Newspapers and TCPalm.com, part of the USA TODAY NETWORK. Read her Bargainista tips at TCPalm.com/Bargainista and follow her on Twitter @KellyTyko. Sign up for her weekly newsletter at www.tcpalm.com/featured-newsletter/bargainistabest.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Based on the comments that always follow TVLine's Grey's Anatomy recaps, I am well aware that pretty much everyone loves Alex. And hey, I like him, too. But — and this is a big “but” — that doesn't in the slightest make what happened to DeLuca OK. And to be clear, by “what happened to DeLuca,” I don't mean his getting pummeled by Karev — although obviously that was pretty dreadful, too. I mean his being turned into a Grey Sloan pariah for having had the nerve to put his face in the way of Alex's fist repeatedly.
RELATEDGrey's Anatomy: Justin Chambers Talks That Hug, Teases Arrival of Jo's Ex
Think about it. After the beating in Season 12's finale, everyone rallied around either the attacker or non-fiancée Jo, whom he'd mistakenly believed Andrew was taking advantage of. DeLuca, on the other hand, was so ostracized at the hospital that, when Arizona got home to Seattle following a visit to New York, her roommate feared she was going to evict him. (She didn't, but his concern certainly suggested that his return to work hadn't been greeted with the ticker-tape parade that Karev's is sure to get.)
Mind you, I'm not saying that I wanted to see Alex behind bars. There were extenuating circumstances to the assault, and countless patients would have suffered if Karev was relegated to making license plates. What I am saying is that, every step of the way, Andrew did the decent thing — from looking out for a drunken Jo that fateful night to ultimately threatening to tank his own case to protect her secret — and how was he rewarded? Every step of the way, he got shafted — by Karev, who threw more punches than he made apologies; by his peers, who circled the wagons not around him but around Alex; and even by Jo, who thanked him for dropping the charges by running straight to… Karev.
Here's hoping Shonda Rhimes has something amazing in store for DeLuca — like, maybe him getting the girl in the end? — because, after the way he's been treated, he's gotta be looking at Grey Sloan as the most hostile of workplaces.
How would you make things right? Can they be made right? Hit the comments.
BEIJING (China) April 18 (APP): Shanghai-listed steel manufacturer
‘Baosteel' has won the bid for supplying steel material to Karachi Coastal Power Station, which is the first export deal for China-designed third-generation nuclear power technology.
China has become the fourth country after the US, France and South Korea to independently export third-generation nuclear power technology, a Chinese news portal reported on Tuesday.
Under the Chinese government's plan for nuclear power, Baosteel has been developing steel for nuclear power plants since 2006.
The company's products are in line with all nuclear safety regulations and have been widely applied in the domestic market, the report said.
The nuclear power plant in Pakistan's Karachi broke ground in 2015, the report concluded.
Back in October, reports surfaced that the hit 2014 film, The Fault In Our Stars, was set to get a Bollywood adaptation with Sushant Singh Rajput playing the male lead. The original film was based on a John Green novel by the same name and revolves around the heartbreaking story of two cancer-stricken teenagers who fall in love. The Hollywood film starred Shailene Woodley, as Hazel Grace and Ansel Elgort, as Augustus Waters and the film garnered a cult following among young adults.
Earlier today, rumours that have been doing the rounds all these months were finally confirmed. We were indeed getting our own Fault…! Mukesh Chhabra, a known casting director, will direct the film while AR Rahman will compose the score. And Sanjana Sanghi would be female lead.
As is wont, Sanjana has broken the internet since the announcement. Turns out, though this isn't Sanjana's first film. And, in fact, the more you look at her you're going to get the nudging feeling that you have seen this girl before. Here's why:
1. She's starred in Rockstar (Mandy), Fukrey Returns (Katty) and Hindi Medium (younger version of Saba Qamar)
2. And she's done ads for Vodafone and Tanishq among others
3. Sanjana is only 21 years old
4. She's from Delhi, having graduated from the Lady Shri Ram College in 2017 with a degree in Journalism and Mass Communication
5. And she's a trained Jazz and Kathak dancer
NOW READ
Why Banita Sandhu, Varun Dhawan's October co-star, looks so familiar
Everything you need to know about Oscars 2018 red carpet sensation, Eiza Gonzáles
6 things you probably didn't know about Priyanka Chopra
>More on Entertainment
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
The kick is up, and it's good!
There are a few things that are 100% wholly American. One of them is using "American" when you really mean the United States, and another is the Super Bowl. It's a weekend holiday in almost every way and even if you're not into American Football you can't help but see and hear about the teams, the drama, and the commercials.
Once you have all the snacks and beverages purchased, the recliners oiled and ready for action, and your television screen sparkly clean and streak-free, take a minute and say hey in the weekend comments!
I'm not the biggest football fan, and "my" team will be watching the Super Bowl from home just like most of us will be, but I'll probably be tuned in. I don't want to miss the spectacle and not have a clue when everyone is talking about what happened come Monday. I even have a friendly wager with my neighbor and will be looking forward to the next snowfall so he can shovel my driveway when the Patriots win by 7.
What's your line on the game? Will the Patriots find a new way to bend the rules so they win again or will Philly feed on all the excitement and go Hulksmash to win big? And who will have the best commercial? Jump into the comments and talk about it!
Islamabad
The United States (US) remained the top export destination of Pakistani products during the fiscal year 2015 (FY2015) while China was the top import destination from where goods were traded into the country.
Out of the total $22.09 billion in exports, Pakistani exports to the US stood at $3.66bn during FY2015 followed by China where Pakistani products worth $1.93 billion were exported during the year, according to a Pakistan Business Council (PBC) report.
Top 10 Pakistani export destinations in FY15:
1. America ($3.66bn)
2. China ($1.93 bn)
3. Afghanistan ($1.72bn)
4. United Kingdom ($1.57bn)
5. Germany ($1.15bn)
6. United Arab Emirates ($0.90bn)
7. Spain ($0.78bn)
8. Bangladesh ($0.70bn)
9. Netherlands ($0.67bn)
10. Italy ($0.62bn)
Out of the total imports of $43.99 billion in FY2015, the imports from China stood at $11.02bn, the PBC report revealed.
Top 10 sources of imports in FY15:
1. China ($11.02bn)
2. United Arab Emirates ($5.73bn)
3. Saudi Arabia ($3.01bn)
4. Indonesia ($2.04bn)
5. United States ($1.92bn)
6. Japan ($1.73bn)
7. Kuwait ($1.71bn)
8. India ($1.67bn)
9. Germany ($0.97bn)
10. Malaysia ($0.91bn).—APP
THE AMERICAN MIRROR – KYLE OLSON
What is wrong with Nancy Pelosi?
While the House Minority Leader was participating in the town hall meeting televised on CNN Wednesday night, she suffered awkward brain freezes, stared at the audience, and waved her hands while she appeared to be struggling to speak.
While urging new gun laws in response to a madman's massacre of country music fans in Las Vegas, Pelosi said, “Responsible gun owners from the hills of Arizona to the duck blinds of Minnesota, all over, say, ‘We're all law-abiding, we have many guns, we have as many guns as he had, but we have,' uh, we have, um, uh,” she said, turning to moderator Chris Cuomo, before repeatedly waving her hands, as if emphasizing words that refused to exit her mouth.
“Background checks,” she finally blurted out.
So, there was a sucky ride.
Just really, horribly, bad. No serious trouble, but, dressage it was not.
Who else here need to put themselves in trance to ride well?.. Without full attention to everything, schooling with Miss Gray goes to pits. Frustrating.
It was one of those rides where nothing ever really got better. She was tense. Not spooky, ever. Just tense. We never followed each other, and it just felt so worthless.
There'll be rides like this. Where all the sacrifices, money, and time spent driving feels completely wasted. And we start to wonder if it's really truly worth it all. (Is it, really?)
Now, the best way to get over a bad ride:
Just come to terms with that Every Ride Is Not Going To Be Great.
Not for you. Not for everyone else.
Everybody knows that. Sure. Just stings when we have to face up to it. Right? Just get in a cool-down, and move on. Next time out will be SO much better!
Really. Not every ride is going to be great…
Sue Olszak, Leadership Marco Class of 2017 (Photo: Submitted)
The Marco Island American Cancer Society's Relay for Life team is No. 1 in the state of Florida, having raised $345,000. The team's success is no doubt thanks to the leadership of Sue Olszak, the society's senior development manager of distinguished events.
Having already proven herself a leader and an invested member of the community, it's only natural that Olszak wanted to join Leadership Marco, the Marco Island Area Chamber of Commerce's program designed to bring leaders together to learn about their community.
More: Profiles in Leadership: Heather Hall
Olszak said she learned about the program from past participants, and decided to see what all the hype is about.
"Past members talked about it and it was always something I wanted to do," she said. "I'm looking forward to building the relationships and learning the inside facets of the island."
Olszak was born and raised in Crete, Ill., a small town about an hour south of Chicago. She attended Prairie State College where she earned a degree in finance and management.
She moved to Marco Island six years ago and became involved with the American Cancer Society shortly after. As the society's senior development manager of distinguished events, Olszak is in charge of Relay for Life and the Imagination Ball, two of the society's biggest fundraisers.
"My favorite part of my job is working with the volunteers. They are the heart of our organization and I learn so much from them," she said. "They truly inspire me and the time that they choose out of their day to give back and raise money to end this dreaded disease."
Olszak and the society were honored at a recent Marco Island City Council meeting for being the No. 1 Relay for Life team.
“We just want to thank everybody who participated, who came and walked with us, and who came to spend the day with us and help raise money," Olszak said at the meeting. "Thank you for your support.”
In addition to Relay for Life, Olszak is also involved with Meals of Hope and Marco Island Academy. She lives on the island with her husband Kevin, and together the two have three children: John, Matthew and Emily.
She said she's looking forward to learning more about the place she calls home, and making some new friends in the process.
"I feel that it's important to me to learn about Marco," she said, "and to meet other like-minded community people."
The Leadership Marco program consists of 10 bi-weekly sessions, and gives its members insight into the following aspects of the island: history/museum; media; education/parks and recreation; hospitality/economics; law enforcement; culture/real estate; health care/fire-rescue; agriculture/environment; and government/transportation/infrastructure.
The group's first educational session was History Day on Aug. 9. The day began with a look at the Calusa exhibit at the Marco Island Historical Museum, and then continued with a historical tour of the island, narrated by local historian Craig Woodward. Tour stops included Captain Horr's house, Old Marco and Snook Inn, where the group stopped for lunch.
A brief overview of the Deltona years, which many consider to be the beginning of modern Marco, wrapped up the day.
Media Day was Leadership Marco Class of 2017's next adventure, and provided an inside look at how journalists in the area do their jobs.
The group's Education Day, which included stops at Lorenzo Walker Institute of Technology, Lely High School, Marco Island Academy, Marco Island Charter Middle School and Tommie Barfield Elementary, was supposed to be Wednesday, Sept. 6, but was canceled in preparation of Hurricane Irma.
The following two sessions, one of which was supposed to Law Enforcement Day with the Marco Island Police Department, were also canceled and will be rescheduled for a later date. It's the first time since the program's inception 15 years ago that a hurricane has impacted the schedule, according to Donna Niemczyk, the Chamber of Commerce's administrative coordinator.
Leadership Marco Class of 2017 will meet every other Wednesday through November before its graduation ceremony on Jan. 27 at the Marco Island Yacht Club.
Read or Share this story: http://www.marconews.com/story/news/local/2017/10/06/profiles-leadership-sue-olszak/637339001/
Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, who did not play against the Cardinals, sits while the national anthem is playing. (Photo: Rick Scuteri / Associated Press)
Glendale, Ariz. — In his first game in an Oakland Raider uniform, Marshawn Lynch didn't play a down.
Yet he provided the most vivid image of the night, sitting for the national anthem before the Raiders' 20-10 exhibition loss to the Cardinals on Saturday.
Lynch, a former Seahawks running back who came out of retirement to sign with his hometown Raiders, sat on an orange cooler with his arms resting on his knees, while others around him stood.
Although he rarely talks to the media, Lynch has voiced support for quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem last season to protest what he saw as a pattern of police mistreatment of people of color.
Lynch was gone from the locker room by the time reporters arrived. Coach Jack Del Rio said he spoke to him about the issue after the game.
“He said, ‘This is something I've done for 11 years. It's not a form of anything other than me being myself,' ” Del Rio said.
The coach said that he told Lynch “just so you understand how I feel, I very strongly believe in standing for the national anthem but I'm going to respect you as a man. You do your thing.”
“So that's a non-issue for me,” Del Rio said.
Quarterback E.J. Manuel said he didn't know Lynch hadn't stood for the anthem.
“Obviously, we all support Marshawn because he's part of our team, but I think that is more of a personal thing,” Manuel said. “I can't really comment on it too much.”
Arizona dominated the game in the first half, building a 17-3 lead.
Two of the Raiders' top defensive players, All-Pro defensive end Khalil Mack and linebacker Bruce Irvin, joined quarterback Derek Carr and Lynch as spectators.
While it was the exhibition opener for Oakland, it was Arizona's second outing. The Cardinals starters did not play in the team's 20-18 loss to Dallas in the Hall of Fame Game.
In the battle of former Michigan State quarterbacks, Connor Cook played the entire second half for the Raiders, going 10 of 21 for 81 yards.
Drew Stanton of the Cardinals completed 11 of 15 passes for 112 yards, including a 7-yard TD pass to tight end Troy Niklas.
Cowboys on Elliott
Cowboys coach Jason Garrett declined to expound on his thoughts about the six-game suspension of running back Ezekiel Elliott and how the NFL came to its conclusions following a year-long investigation of domestic violence allegations.
Elliott was never arrested and not charged by the Columbus Ohio City Prosecutor. Elliott continues to maintain his innocence.
“For us it's very shocking,” running back Darren McFadden said. “We didn't know what was going on exactly. To hear six games, it was definitely a surprise to us. We didn't expect anything to happen. But they made a decision. For us as a team, we are going to rally around him and keep going forward.”
And while the Cowboys were hopeful that Elliott would not miss any games, fueled by owner Jerry Jones' blatant confidence, the team did prepare for the possibility, per Garrett.
“We suspected that something like this might happen,” Garrett said following the Cowboys 13-10 loss to the Rams at the Los Angeles Coliseum. “We prepared our team accordingly by building it the right way and we're going to focus on what we control with our football team. As players and coaches, we're going to coach as well as we can and we're going to play as well as we can with the players we have available to us.”
Personnel dept.
Panthers quarterback Cam Newton threw passes during the team period for the first time in two weeks as the team wrapped up training camp at Wofford College.
Newton participated in red zone drills, but did not throw any long passes on Sunday while rehabbing from soreness in his right shoulder that stems from rotator cuff surgery in March.
It's unclear at this point if Newton will participate in this week's scrimmages against the Titans or the team's second exhibition game at Tennessee Saturday.
... Dolphins running back Jay Ajayi joined team drills for the first time since he was sidelined by a concussion July 31.
Ajayi wore pads for the first time since the injury, but left practice early because of hydration issues in the 90-degree morning sunshine. Coach Adam Gase said the issue was merely a matter of Ajayi regaining his conditioning.
... Jaguars receiver Marqise Lee was carted off the field because of a right leg injury, a potentially significant setback for a team already without rookie running back Leonard Fournette.
Lee fell to the ground during 7-on-7 drills and immediately grabbed his leg.Lee's lower leg was immobilized before he was taken off the field on a cart.
Coach Doug Marrone had no update after practice.
The injury happened during Jacksonville's first practice in its new indoor facility. It also came hours after the team shut down Fournette.
Fournette, the fourth overall pick in the NFL draft, has a foot injury Marrone is calling a “nagging issue.”
... Bills receiver Jordan Matthews' first practice with his new team ended with him sustaining a chest injury. Matthews was acquired from the Eagles on Friday.
MILWAUKEE — Bryce Nze had a career-high 25 points on 11-of-14 shooting to go with 10 rebounds on Friday night and Milwaukee beat Green Bay 76-58.
Carson Warren-Newsome added 12 points and Jeremiah Bell scored 11 for the Panthers (13-13, 6-7 Horizon League).
Milwaukee led by double digits for the entire second half except once when the Phoenix (10-16, 5-8) trailed 34-25 on Khalil Small's jumper in the first minute of the period.
Nze scored the first six points of the game and Milwaukee opened with an 8-0 run. Green Bay took its only lead of the game at 13-12 before the Panthers went on an 8-0 run and never trailed again.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Galatasaray S.K. wants to see Azerbaijani players among its ranks
2017-08-14 09:23 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Aug. 11
By Bahtiyar Hajiyev – Trend:
Turkey's Galatasaray S.K. football club intends to closely cooperate with Azerbaijani football clubs, Ural Akuzum, member of the board of the Galatasaray football club, head of the Tac Spor club, told Trend.
Akuzum noted that since his origins are from Azerbaijan, he continuously raises the issue of cooperation with Azerbaijan at the board of directors of the Galatasaray football club.
Akuzum noted that Galatasaray football club, as one of the leading clubs of the Turkic world, understands the importance of brotherly relations with Azerbaijan.
“Turkey and Azerbaijan are one nation, two states, as National Leader Heydar Aliyev said,” Akuzum noted. “Currently there is a club of Galatasaray fans in Azerbaijan, and there is also a sports shop “Galatasaray Store” in the center of Baku.”
He said that at meeting with Azerbaijan's Gabala football club's president Taleh Heydarov a friendly match between two teams was proposed.
Akuzum noted that Galatasaray football club is one of the 12 most participated clubs in the Champions League.
“The Galatasaray football club has great merits in the development of football culture in Turkey, and it is considered to be the pearl of Turkish sport,” he said.
Akuzum also noted that Galatasaray has started opening sports schools for the development of football culture in the world, and one of these schools is in Baku.
“We closely follow the developments in the football school in Baku and would like to review the talented young football players on the Turkish playfields,” Akuzum said.
He added that as a result of a considerable attention and care of Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, much has been done for the development of Azerbaijani football.
“As an example, one can mention the fact that such famous coaches as Berti Vogts and Tony Adams worked in Azerbaijan,” Akuzum said. “Along with this, one can also mention the work of such Turkish coaches as Rasim Kara and Mustafa Denizli.”
Akuzum noted that sports culture is very developed in Azerbaijan, and such football clubs as “Gabala”, “Neftchi” and “Qarabag” took part in European cups.
“However, one needs to invest in this sphere for the development of football and achievement of success,” said Akuzum.
At present, Galatasaray football club has no plans to acquire any Azerbaijani football player, he noted.
“But personally, I like the game of Azerbaijani football player Qara Qarayev [Qarabag football club player],” said Akuzum. “In the future, I would like to see an Azerbaijani football player in the Galatasaray football club.”
Akuzum expressed confidence that Galatasaray will hold a friendly match in the Azerbaijani city of Gabala.
“We are waiting for proposals from Azerbaijani football clubs and entrepreneurs to hold a friendly match,” Akuzum said. “President of Galatasaray football club also hails holding friendly matches with Azerbaijani football clubs. I, as a member of the board of Azerbaijani origin, constantly raise this issue.”
Orangeburg officials search for vehicle in connection with weekend shooting
Orangeburg, S.C. (WOLO) – The Orangeburg County Sheriff's Office is seeking information on a vehicle that was seen during a shooting over the weekend.
Investigators learned that around 9:30 a.m. Sunday a juvenile was taken to the hospital with a gunshot wound to the leg.
Witnesses said the 16-year-old and a friend were walking through Roosevelt Gardens apartment complex when an unknown vehicle approached.
As the vehicle drew closer, someone inside the vehicle began “spraying bullets,” according to the report.
Investigators are asking the public's help in locating a late model white Audi bearing paper plates.
The photo is of a similar car to the one witnesses reported seeing.
If anyone has any information on the vehicle, they are asked to call the OCSO at 803-534-3550 or Crimestoppers at 1-888-CRIME-SC.
Joe Girardi explains why he made the decision to not request a review on the Lonnie Chisenhall hit-by-pitch. (0:46)
Girardi on hit-by-pitch: 'It was way too late' to challenge (0:46)
New York Yankees manager Joe Girardi was asked several times Friday night about his decision not to challenge the call that Indians pinch hitter Lonnie Chisenhall was hit by a pitch in the sixth inning -- despite the fact replays appeared to indicate the ball struck the barrel of his bat before deflecting into catcher Gary Sanchez's glove.
Had the call been overturned, it would have been an inning-ending strikeout. Instead, Chisenhall was awarded first base, and Francisco Lindor followed with a grand slam that cut the Yankees' lead to 8-7 and shifted the momentum in Cleveland's favor.
Here is a portion of the transcript from Girardi's postgame news conference following the Yankees' 9-8, 13-inning loss in Game 2 of the American League Division Series.
Joe, with Chisenhall, what happened on not challenging the hit-by ...
There was nothing that told us that he was not hit on the pitch. By the time we got the super-slow-mo, we are beyond a minute. It was way too late. They tell us we have the 30 seconds. They will take longer in replay.
And probably being a catcher, my thought is I never want to break a pitcher's rhythm. That's how I think about it. So if it's not something ... there was nothing that said he was not hit.
Could you have waited and asked for more time?
They said 30 seconds. We talk about that in the meeting all the time.
Joe, it seemed, though, that Sanchez was trying to say that he was hit? Being that it's already the sixth inning, why not just go ahead and do it?
I guess I could have, Joel. Again, being the catcher I am, I think about rhythm for the pitcher and not taking him out of his rhythm.
Joe, sorry, I heard you say 30 seconds as we were coming in. You said you didn't have an answer in time on the challenge?
No, we did not have the replay that showed he was not hit.
OK. So you couldn't challenge ...
I guess I ... in hindsight, yes, I could, but as I said earlier, being a catcher, I think about rhythm and never want to take a pitcher out of rhythm and have them stand over there two minutes to tell me that he wasn't hit.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi said he was reluctant to take reliever Chad Green out of his rhythm by challenging the hit-by-pitch ruling. Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
Joe, if I'm not mistaken, that happened earlier this year when you didn't have the replay in time.
The super-slow-mo.
Why does that happen and is there anything that can be done to fix it?
I don't know. I'm not sure why it happens. You're at the mercy of the telecast, what replays you get.
Joe, I assume at some point it was relayed to you that he was actually hit, the knob of the bat. When were you alerted that was the case? I'm sure I know what the reaction is, but can you take us through your emotions at that point, especially if what happened afterwards.
It's probably about ... it's when Lindor is coming up to bat, in a sense, that we're alerted, and it's frustrating, you know, because if he calls that he's not hit, then nothing ever happens. And maybe they replay it. I don't know. But he made no signal that he was hit. The umpire thought he was hit. I know Gary said it. We looked at it. We had no super-slow-mo at that time. Again, I'm going to reiterate, I think about keeping a pitcher in rhythm. Maybe I'll think different now.
Joe, just to be clear, did you go ahead and say to the umps, we're not challenging, or did they say you're out of time?
No, I told them after the 30 seconds we weren't challenging.
Is that something that needs to change? If they're going to give you all kinds of different replays, do they need to be given to you within the 30 seconds?
Yeah, you hope that the super-slow-mo, you get it within the 30 seconds, but sometimes you don't get it for like a minute. It's something, I guess we can talk about moving forward.
Click here to read the full transcript, via ASAP Sports.
ISLAMABAD, Apr 17 (APP): Advisor to Prime Minister on National History
and Literary Heritage (NHLH), Irfan Siddiqui Monday held a meeting with State Minister for Capital Administration and Development Division (CADD), Tariq Fazal Chaudhry to discuss the matters of mutual interest.
The meeting was held here which was attended by the
senior officials of both the divisions.
Secretary NHLH Division, Engineer Aamir Hasan, Joint Secretary, Syed
Junaid Ikhlaq Secretary CADD, Nargis Ghalo were also present in the meeting.
Advisor to Prime Minister, Irfan Siddiqui and Tariq Fazal Chaudhry
exchanged views related to the issues of employees of National Library of Pakistan (NLP).
They formed a committee comprising over the senior officials of both
the divisions to sort out viable solution to the issues of the library and its employees.
GoDaddy signage and a race car announce the company's IPO, in front of the New York Stock Exchange in New York. GoDaddy announced on Aug. 13, 2017, that has given a prominent white nationalist website that promoted a Virginia rally that ended in deadly violence 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated GoDaddy's terms of service. (Photo: Richard Drew / AP)
Charlottesville, Va. — Google says it's canceling the registration of neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer for violating its terms of service, after it posted an article mocking the woman who was run over and killed at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
The site was briefly down Monday — following a move by registration company GoDaddy to also cancel the site's domain name. But after a short time it was back up, including a post from the website's publisher, Andrew Anglin, saying he had retaken control of the site. The site claimed it was briefly controlled by a member of the “Anonymous” group of hackers.
The article about Heather Heyer criticizes her appearance, that she had no children, and that she couldn't move fast enough to avoid the charging car.
The 32-year-old Heyer died after a car police say was driven by James Alex Fields Jr. rammed into a crowd of counter-protesters. The group was demonstrating against white nationalists who had gathered to oppose the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a park in Charlottesville.
Anglin's site takes its name from Der Stürmer, a newspaper that published Nazi propaganda. The site includes sections called “Jewish Problem” and “Race War.”
The Daily Stormer is infamous for orchestrating internet harassment campaigns carried out by its “Troll Army” of readers. Its targets have included prominent journalists, a Jewish woman who was running for a California congressional seat and Alex Jones, a radio host and conspiracy theorist whom Anglin derided as a “Zionist Millionaire.”
In April, a Montana woman sued Anglin after her family became the target of another Daily Stormer trolling campaign. Tanya Gersh's suit claims anonymous internet trolls bombarded Gersh's family with hateful and threatening messages after Anglin published their personal information in a post accusing her and other Jewish residents of Whitefish, Montana, of engaging in an “extortion racket” against the mother of white nationalist Richard Spencer
The Daily Stormer used a crowdfunding website, WeSearchr, to raise more than $152,000 in donations from nearly 2,000 contributors to help pay for Anglin's legal expenses.
Other internet services have taken similar action against The Daily Stormer since Anglin founded it in 2013. In 2015, Anglin said PayPal had permanently banned him from using the service. And he complained in January that a Ukrainian advertising company had banned them, leaving an Australian electrician as the site's only advertiser.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w69aCC
WASHINGTON—U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday claimed complete vindication from a congressional memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance powers during the investigation into his campaign's possible Russia ties. But the memo also includes revelations that might complicate efforts by Trump and his allies to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's inquiry. The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI, when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a one-time Trump campaign associate, relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats. At the same time, the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier, and was “triggered” by information involving a different campaign aide. Christopher Steele, the former spy who compiled the allegations, acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments. But he also was a “longtime FBI source” with a credible track record, according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes and his staff. The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request, but was approved by a judge on four occasions, the memo says, and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department, Rod Rosenstein, whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general. Trump, however, tweeted from Florida, where he was spending the weekend, that the memo puts him in the clear.
Article Continued Below
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” he said. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
U.S. President Donald Trump, shown Feb. 2, 2018, tweeted from Florida, where he was spending the weekend, that the controversial memo puts him in the clear. ( Andrew Harnik / The Associated Press )
The underlying materials that served as the basis for the warrant application were not made public in the memo. As a result, the document only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counter-intelligence investigation that Mueller later inherited. Even as Democrats described it as inaccurate, some Republicans quickly cited the memo — released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department — in their arguments that Mueller's investigation is politically tainted. A closer read presents a far more nuanced picture.
“Having decided to cherry-pick, the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative,” Matthew Waxman, a Columbia University law professor and former Bush administration official, wrote in an email. Read more: Trump seized on what Republican FBI memo could mean before he'd read it, sources say Analysis | Daniel Dale: This GOP memo is nonsense Read the controversial GOP memo at the centre of Trump's bitter fight with the FBI The memo's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors, in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page's communications, failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI's suspicion received funding from Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer. Steele's research, according to the memo, “formed an essential part” of the warrant application. But it's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele was working for Fusion GPS, a firm initially hired by the conservative Washington Free Beacon to do opposition research on Trump. Steele didn't begin work on the project until after Democratic groups took over the funding. Republicans say a judge should have known that “political actors” were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — an accusation he has consistently and strenuously denied. The FBI this week expressed “grave concerns” about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete. Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work. For one, Democrats said it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele's research. Beyond that, though, the memo confirms the FBI's counter-intelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016, months before the surveillance warrant was sought, and was “triggered” by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos. He pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI. The confirmation about Papadopoulos is “the most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo,” California Rep. Adam Schiff, the House committee's top Democrat, said in a tweet Saturday in response to Trump's assertion that the document vindicated him.
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page, who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump's inner circle, had generated law enforcement scrutiny. The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counter-intelligence investigation into Russian influence. The memo focuses on Page, but Democrats on the House committee said “this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with, or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier, and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture.” Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias. The warrant requested was renewed on three additional occasions, meaning that judges approved it four times. The memo had been classified because it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release. That disclosure is extraordinary because it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. The release is likely to further escalate the conflict between the White House and Trump's law enforcement leaders. Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo's disclosure, arguing it could set a dangerous precedent. The memo's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller's investigation. His probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign co-ordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice.
Read more about:
CLAIM
A photograph shows a security wall outside Joe Kennedy's Palm Beach house.
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
One of the most salient moments from Rep. Joe Kennedy III's (D-Mass.) response to State of the Union address came when he rebuked President Trump's promise to build a wall along the Mexican border in an attempt to stop illegal immigration:
America, we carry that story on our shoulders. […] You probably marched together last weekend, thousands deep, on the streets of Las Vegas and Philadelphia and Nashville. You sat high atop your mom's shoulders and held a sign that read “Build a wall and my generation will tear it down.”
Some attempted to paint Kennedy as hypocritical for this comment by passing around a photograph purportedly showing “Joe Kennedy's House” and the security wall that protected it:
There are a number of problems with using this photograph to paint Kennedy as a hypocrite for promising to tear down a border wall.
Chiefly, this is not Joe Kennedy's house, and hasn't been in the Kennedy family's holdings for more than 20 years. This property was purchased by Joseph P. Kennedy Sr., Joe Kennedy III's great grandfather, in 1933, but the property hasn't been in the Kennedy family for more than two decades. The Kennedy family sold the property in 1995, when Kennedy III was just 14 years old, according to the New York Times:
The Kennedy days in Palm Beach quietly ended today with the sale of the oceanfront property that Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. bought in 1933 as a vacation spot and that later became his son's winter White House and eventually a symbol of the family's troubles.
Claiming that the pictured wall was designed to keep people off the property is also misleading.
Kennedy's critics may be under the impression that a wall's sole purpose is to keep immigrants from crossing a border, but walls have several other purposes—especially in coastal Florida, where hurricanes are known to wreak havoc. In this case, this wall is a seawall designed to keep the ocean, not undocumented immigrants, from damaging the property.
This house is located on Palm Beach, just a few feet from the ocean. A view of the property from Google Earth shows that a sea wall also protects neighboring properties:
It's true that this photograph shows a wall outside of a house. However, this house does not belong to Joe Kennedy III (and hasn't been owned by his family since 1995) and the pictured wall is a sea wall, not a border wall, designed to protect the house from the ocean tides.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): President Mamnoon Hussain Monday said
the undeterred resolve of its people and security forces had brought
Pakistan closer to success which would beget stability and
prosperity, not only in the country but the whole region.
Addressing the participants of the Air Show organized by
Pakistan Air Force in connection with 70th Independence Day
celebrations of the country, the president said the whole Pakistani
nation was united as a strong force for country's defense.
Chief of Air Staff Air Chief Marshal Sohail Aman, and Defense
Minister Khurram Dastgir also attended the show besides a huge
public gathering at Fatima Jinnah Park.
The president greeted the whole nation, the brave soldiers of
armed forces, particularly the Pakistan Air Force on Independence
Day.
The president viewed that after facing defeat in its tactics
of foreign aggression, the enemy started sponsoring terrorist
activities in different parts of the country. In this war too,
Pakistani nation made the enemy bite the dust by sacrificing a lot
along with the country's security forces.
He urged all sections of the society to forge unity to achieve
economic, defense, political and democratic stability so that no
force could impede the attainment of the national objectives.
The president said the secret behind nation's defense and
economic prosperity lied in the national unity otherwise in case of
any disruption, all of the dreams would remain unfulfilled.
He said the Independence Day reminded us the historic struggle
and sacrifices and resolve to sacrifice anything for protecting
the homeland.
He highly lauded the skillful and highly professional display
or aerobatics by the pilots.
He said the most prominent feature of the Air Show was the air
display of JF-17 Thunder which was the masterpiece of Pak-China
friendship and manifestation of PAF's efforts towards achieving
self-dependence in field of defense.
Lauding the PAF for serving remarkably for country's defense,
the president hoped the Force would keep up the spirit.
President Mamnoon said for being a haven for Muslims of the
sub continent, Pakistan had always been pinching the enemies that
was why the wars were imposed on the country repeatedly.
However, the brave people and the security forces of the
country fought back the enemy proving that neither internal nor
external threats could deter their resolve, he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman said the
long journey of the Pakistan Air Force, that began from very humble beginnings and was today able to manufacture it's own aircraft, besides undertaking several new innovations.
He said the participation of Air Forces of Saudi Arabia and Turkey on
the joyous occasion of Pakistan's 70th independence showed it's close brotherly ties.
He said the Pakistani nation had a great potential in all spheres of
life anxieties can win more laurels for the country if they attain knowledge.
He said Pakistan has rendered numerous sacrifices in the fight against
terrorism and mentioned the almost 6500 martyrs of the armed forces and an equal number of those who lost a limb.
He lauded the sacrifices of the police and other civilian law enforcing
age vies and said these would not go waste.
A total of 42.1 billion won ($37.1 million) of campaign subsidies was provided Tuesday to political parties with candidates for the 19th presidential election in South Korea, according to the National Election Commission.The amount given corresponded to the proportion of parliamentary seats held by each party and the number of votes each party had gained at the general election.The liberal Democratic Party of Korea received the highest amount, at 12.3 billion won. It has 119 of the current 292 seats in the National Assembly.The conservative Liberty Korea Party, with 93 seats, was given 11.9 billion won, followed by the centrist People's Party at 8.6 billion won, the conservative Bareun Party at 6.3 billion won and the progressive Justice Party at 2.7 billion won. The newly formed Saenuri Party, with just one lawmaker at the National Assembly, was given 32 million won.South Korea is to elect its new president on May 9 from a crowded field of 15 candidates.
HOUSTON -- Introducing Dr. Justin James Watt.
The Houston Texans defensive end now has a new title after he received an honorary doctorate from the Baylor College of Medicine on Tuesday.
I've had a lot of big dreams in my life, but not even I dreamt that I could one day become a Doctor. I am truly humbled and honored to receive the degree of Doctor of Humanities in Medicine from the Baylor College of Medicine! #CanTheyPutMDonMyJersey pic.twitter.com/7TyNKrvhh7 — JJ Watt (@JJWatt) May 30, 2018
J.J. Watt is putting his new degree to use right away by handing out prescriptions to his Texans teammates and coaches.
"He wrote me up a prescription this morning," Texans head coach Bill O'Brien said. "He told me to take three chill pills a day and call him in the morning. I thought I've been more chilled out, but I guess he doesn't think so."
Watt diagnosed defensive end Christian Covington with "weirdness," with a prescription that read, "No Marvel movies for two weeks. Stiff drink x 3 twice/week. 1 hair color change."
Hi my name is Christian and I am suffering from weirdness. I'd like to thank my personal physician Dr. Watt for diagnosing me quickly and getting to the bottom of this. There's a long journey ahead but he assured me it will be a painful and tedious process. 10/10 would recommend. pic.twitter.com/SG6R3SLrmN — Christian Covington (@thetangibleC4) May 30, 2018
Covington dyed his then-brown hair silver earlier in the year, which Watt has poked fun at in the past.
Watt also let Covington know that this prescription comes at a price.
"This isn't Canada," Watt wrote for the Vancouver native.
Dear readers,
I'm writing to let you know about some changes we're making to the Boston Standard's website.
We're always looking at ways of making the experience on our websites better for you, our readers.
What's happening?
From tomorrow you will be asked to register or sign in - for free - to continue to get unlimited access to our content.
What's does it mean to me?
Once you're signed in, we'll be able to make sure the content you see is more relevant to you, and you'll be able to help us continue to improve it.
What do I have to do?
If you already have a login, just use your username and password to sign in. You may be asked to update your password or to confirm your name, so we can be sure we have the right contact details for you.
And if you don't already have a password, you'll just need to create one to get going.
And that's it!
What about my data?
Rest assured, we still won't pass any of your details onto third parties and we won't bombard you with emails - unless you ask us to.
If you have any questions, want to share feedback on the new sign in process, or just say ‘hello' please email me at mark.edwards@jpress.co.uk - we'd love to know what you think about the process and how we can keep improving the site.
Thanks for continuing to be part of our community,
Mark Edwards,
Editor
Staff Reporter
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif here Wednesday directed the authorities concerned to ensure foolproof security arrangements on the occasion of Youm-e-Shahdat of Hazrat Ali (RA).
Issuing directions to Provincial Cabinet Committee for Law and Order, the Chief Minister said that implementation on prescribed security plan should be ensured at all costs and police should work very diligently to foil the nefarious designs of the anti-social elements.
He directed that the police officers should remain in the field and anti-social elements should be kept under strict vigilance.
He said that every step should be taken to ensure peace and protection of life and property of the people, adding that law enforcement agencies should remain fully vigilant and alert.
He said that nothing was more important than law and order and all possible resources should be utilized for the purpose. The processions on Youm-e-Shahdat of Hazrat Ali (RA) should be vigilantly monitored.
Similarly, strict security arrangements should be made to maintain law and order situation in the province.
He said the law enforcement agencies should leave no stone unturned while performing their duties and all line departments should perform their duties by maintaining the best coordination amongst them. He further directed to devise an effective monitoring mechanism under the security plan and added that every step should be taken to provide foolproof security to the people.
The Cabinet Committee for Law & Order should also ensure implementation of code of conduct at every cost, the chief minister said.
Provincial Minister for Human Rights and Minorities Affairs Khalil Tahir Sandhu called on Chief Minister Punjab in Punjab Assembly Chamber.
In the meeting, 5% quota in the Financial Institutions, law of protection of properties of Minorities, an increase of Minorities seats in provincial Assembly and Chief Minister Package of 2016-17 should make part of budget of 2017-18 also discussed.
The Minister requested to Chief Minister Shahbaz Sgharif to consider these demands. Minister said that Human Rights Department under his Ministry performing a vital role for protection of Minorities, also working on protection of women in the province.
Weija-Gbawe MP, Tina Mensah
The MP for Weija-Gbawe Tina Mensah has said there is nothing wrong in paying delegates to vote for a particular candidate in Ghana.
According to her, although doling out money to delegates could influence votes, the practice is akin to the Ghanaian custom of hospitality.
Some candidates at the just ended conference of the ruling New Patriotic Party (NPP), where regional executives were elected, were accused of inducing delegates with money for their votes.
Agents of candidates were spotted at the grounds, especially in the Greater Accra region sharing money to delegates to vote for their preferred candidates.
Ms Mensah, who participated in the exercise at the Greater Accra conference, stressed splashing cash on delegates at such events is normal.
“There is no election without money, especially in Ghana there is no election without money,” the deputy Minister of Health told the media when confronted with the development.
She added: “At least you have to give the delegates something – pocket money. You give them something to remember you for. I believe it is not a big deal.”
Ms Mensah emphasized “it is not to influence,” asking: “Why is it that they take a lot of things but vote for one person? They know who is competent. They take a lot of things but at the end of the day it goes to one person. Normally, it doesn't go to the person who paid the higher price. The money influences but not always.”
Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume.
For her, paying delegates at conference grounds is equivalent to paying homage to visitors who come to visit at home.
“I won't say it's monetization. When you come to my house I'll offer you water and if I have food I'll give you… it's something that we normally do. The delegates are busy people so at least give them something to remember you for,” Ms Mensah stated.
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
Malaysian police probing the killing of the half-brother of North Korea's leader arrested a woman Wednesday as they tried to unravel a Cold War-style assassination the South said was carried out by Pyongyang's agents.
As Seoul pointed the finger at poison-wielding female spies from North of their shared border, police in Kuala Lumpur said they were holding a woman with a Vietnamese passport.
(Yonhap)
Her arrest came around 24 hours after news broke of the death of Kim Jong-Nam, the elder sibling of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un, with reports saying female assassins had sprayed toxins in his face at Kuala Lumpur International Airport.CCTV images that emerged in Malaysian media, purportedly of one of the suspects, showed an Asian woman wearing a white top with the letters "LOL" emblazoned on the front.Malaysian police chief Khalid Abu Bakar said 28-year-old Doan Thi Huong was arrested at the airport on Wednesday morning -- two days after the killing.The suspect was "positively identifed from the CCTV footage at the airport and was alone at the time of arrest," Khalid said in a statement.Meanwhile, pathologists in the Malaysian capital were examining the body for clues as to how he died, in a killing that has echoes of Soviet-era spycraft.If confirmed, the assassination, which analysts said could have been ordered over reports he was readying to defect, would be the highest-profile death on Kim Jong-Un's watch since the 2013 execution of his uncle, Jang Song-Thaek, in a country with a long record of meting out brutal deaths.South Korea's spy chief Lee Byung-Ho said the two women struck on Monday morning as Kim was readying to board a flight to Macau where he has spent many years in exile.Malaysian police said Kim, a portly 45-year-old, was walking through the departure hall when he was attacked."He told the receptionist... someone had grabbed his face from behind and splashed some liquid on him," Selangor state's criminal investigation chief Fadzil Ahmat was reported as saying by Malaysia's The Star newspaper."He asked for help and was immediately sent to the airport's clinic. At this point, he was experiencing headache and was on the verge of passing out," said Fadzil."At the clinic, the victim experienced a mild seizure. He was put into an ambulance and was being taken to the Putrajaya Hospital when he was pronounced dead."The head of Kuala Lumpur Hospital's forensics department, Mohamad Shah Mahmood, was taking part in the autopsy, according to an aide.A black Jaguar sedan bearing the North Korean flag was seen outside the department. (AFP)
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):President Mamnoon Hussain Wednesday said with a huge potential of cooperation existed between Pakistan and Kazakhstan in pharmaceutical sector, the purchase of medicines from Pakistan was mutually beneficial for the both countries.
He said this while talking to Ambassador-designate of Pakistan to Kazakhstan Dr Imtiaz A Kazi who called on him here at the Aiwan-e-Sadr.
He said Kazakhstan was a very important country of Central Asia which had friendly relations with all countries including Pakistan.
The president emphasized that Kazakhstan was a very close friend of Pakistan. There were vast avenues of cooperation between the two countries and the relations could be further strengthened by focusing on these areas, he added.
He directed the ambassador-designate to work towards increasing the bilateral trade and starting joint ventures between the both countries.
Pruitt Proposes New Rule Defining What Science Can Be Used By EPA
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jason Andrew/Getty Images Jason Andrew/Getty Images
The head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, has proposed a new rule that restricts scientific research that can be used by the agency for its regulatory decisions.
The proposed rule only allows the use of studies that make all data publicly available for anyone to analyze. Pruitt proposed the new rule as a way to make the agency's decision-making more "transparent, objective and measurable."
"The American people ought to be able to have confidence, assurance, that the findings, the record that we build ... can be assessed, it can be evaluated, it can be analyzed," Pruitt said.
The Heartland Institute, a conservative think-tank, has commended Pruitt on the rule. "For decades, the EPA has improperly claimed massive power to regulate nearly every aspect of our economy and lives. It is long overdue that the EPA should make such data and collection methods available for public review and analysis," Tim Heulskamp, the think tank's president said in a statement.
But several scientific organizations have expressed concerns. "Our concern with this is they are quite literally limiting the best available science that can be used by the EPA," says Sean Gallagher, the senior government relations officer for the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
The EPA's regulatory decisions are often based on epidemiological studies looking at the potential health effects of pollutants, like pesticides and particulate matter. "Those studies involve people like you and me, signing confidentiality agreements that the scientists doing the studies won't reveal my personal health information, like my vital statistics, or my death certificate, if I die during the course of the study," says Gallagher. "This is the kind of science that the EPA relies on, whether it looks at chemicals or particulates and their mortality or health effects. It involves private data."
And this private data can't be made public, he says. And so, it limits the studies available to the agency for any decision-making, he adds.
"It would not help make the science any more transparent," says Andrew Rosenberg, of the Union of Concerned Scientists, an advocacy group representing scientists.
When he proposed the new rule, Pruitt talked about a "replication crisis," referring to scientific studies that can't be reproduced. But that crisis applies more to the field of clinical trials, says Rosenberg, where new drugs are being tested for their efficacy.
"That's very different from what the EPA does," he adds. The agency often relies on studies that involve long-term surveys of exposure to certain environmental pollutants and associated health effects. "What are you supposed to do? Go back in time in five years and redo the survey? That's really a false flag."
The new rule would only restrict the science used by the agency and limit the agency's ability to protect public health, he says. It could affect the agency's ability to protect the public from everything from air and water pollutants to household products.
"The scientific process is [already] incredibly transparent," says Gallagher. "It's evidence-based, it follows the facts where they go. It tries to root out bias."
"The agency should be able to use all good, peer reviewed, scrutinized studies," he adds. "It shouldn't be limiting the science."
Cubs' Kris Bryant reacts after reaching second base on an RBI double in the sixth inning on Friday. (Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais, Associated Press)
Washington — Kyle Hendricks goes about things completely differently than Stephen Strasburg does on the mound.
The kid from Dartmouth relies on a fastball that on a good day reaches 88 mph — about 10 mph slower than Strasburg's — and a deceptive changeup. Instead of power, he gets by on precision, guile and smarts.
Hendricks outpitched Strasburg in Game 1 of the NL Division Series, giving up only two hits in seven innings to help the Chicago Cubs open defense of their first World Series title in 108 years by beating the Washington Nationals, 3-0, on Friday night.
“That's why we call him Professor,” Chicago second baseman Javier Baez said about Hendricks. “He knows what he's doing.”
Kris Bryant and Anthony Rizzo produced RBI singles with two outs in the sixth inning for the first two hits off an otherwise-dominant Strasburg. Rizzo added a run-scoring double in the eighth off Ryan Madson.
Carl Edwards Jr. threw a perfect inning and Wade Davis finished the two-hitter for a save.
Unlike No. 1 overall draft pick Strasburg, Hendricks went in the eighth round. Unlike Strasburg, Hendricks has never been an All-Star. Unlike Strasburg, who already has signed a $175 million, seven-year deal that begins next season, Hendricks earned less than $800,000 in 2017.
But this was Hendricks' time to shine.
“He was tricking us tonight,” Nationals manager Dusty Baker said, “and seems like this kind of guys give us more trouble than guys who throw hard.”
The slender righty, who led the NL in ERA last season, gave up a single in the first and another in the second — and that was it for the Nationals.
He walked three batters and struck out six.
“He knows the scouting report,” said Jon Lester, who starts Game 2 on Saturday for Chicago against fellow lefty Gio Gonzalez. “He knows where guys' weaknesses are.”
Harper — wearing shoes with “Pray for Las Vegas” written on the side following the recent mass shooting in his hometown — was 1 for 4 as he tries to regain his timing after returning last week from a 42-game injury absence. Otherwise, Washington's elite hitters — Anthony Rendon, Ryan Zimmerman, Daniel Murphy, Trea Turner and Jayson Werth — were a combined 0 for 17 with three walks.
“Definitely, your confidence builds,” Hendricks said, “when you start seeing those swings.”
The fact that Hendricks approached 90 mph as often as he did was an aberration he and teammates attributed to adrenaline, but one that helped, of course.
He also knew he needed to be really good, because of what Strasburg was doing.
Strasburg didn't allow a hit until there were two outs in the sixth. Baez reached on Rendon's error at third base to start the inning and was sacrificed to second by Hendricks. One out later, Bryant drove in the first run with a single to right-center and went to second when Harper's throw missed the cutoff man.
Bryant, Rizzo said, managed to “get the monkey off the back in the dugout for all of us.”
Rizzo followed by singling to right in front of a diving Harper to make it 2-0.
With a heavy beard and a lot of sweat on a muggy, 77-degree night, Strasburg dialed up his fastball to 98 mph and mixed in an unhittable changeup. To cheers of “Let's go, Strasburg!” from many in a sellout crowd of 43,898, he struck out 10 to set a playoff record for the Expos-Nationals franchise.
Strasburg wound up allowing just those two unearned runs in seven innings, with three hits and one walk.
“You're aware of it,” Hendricks said about Strasburg. “You know how well he's throwing on the other side.”
Hendricks threw well, too.
“It was,” Cubs catcher Willson Contreras said, “a masterpiece.”
(At) Los Angeles 9, Arizona 5: Justin Turner homered and drove in five runs, Clayton Kershaw won despite giving up four homers and the Dodgers roared over the Diamondbacks in their NL Division Series opener.
Turner hit a three-run homer and Yasiel Puig added an RBI double before the Dodgers made their first out against Arizona starter Taijuan Walker, who lasted just one inning in his playoff debut.
Turner added an RBI single in the fourth and another in the eighth. The red-bearded slugger tied a Dodgers record for most RBIs in a postseason game, sharing it with Pedro Guerrero and Davey Lopes.
A.J. Pollock, J.D. Martinez, Ketel Marte and Jeff Mathis homered off Kershaw, but Arizona's euphoria from its wild-card victory over Colorado was erased during a rough first inning in Chavez Ravine.
Game 2 is Saturday night, with Rich Hill facing Diamondbacks lefty Robbie Ray.
Quinn Slack thinks we're close to the future that Back to the Future II promised back in the 80s — flying cars, artificial intelligence, sending rockets into space, and the rest of the whole suite — but there's a way to get there even faster.
That's why he and his co-founder Beyang Liu started Sourcegraph, a development environment for programmers that's designed to make it easier to see who is using what lines of code and where while in the development process. The notion Slack employs is that if the coding process speeds up, so does the pace of innovation — and it is certainly something that's slowed down quite a bit at all the non-Facebooks, Googles and Apples of the world.
To do this, Sourcegraph says it has raised a $20 million series A financing round led by Redpoint Ventures along with Goldcrest Capital. Scott Raney of Redpoint Ventures, who has worked with Twilio (which I'd argue has some of the best documentation for introducing someone to programming), and Dan Friedland of Goldcrest Capital are joining the board of directors.
“How most companies build software is broken, programmers write code in single player mode,” Slack said. “They fix the same bugs fixed by other developers. Salespeople have tools that help you and the salesperson that lets you collaborate. But if you're a developer you come in and spend most of your day on an editor, most people don't know what's going on. You don't see what others are writing. All the software developers you do, you go heads down a week or two and then come up for air. At Google and Facebook, it's way more collaborative. It's fundamentally a different way of writing.”
All this boils down to some simple tools you might expect in a lot of other professions. It means being able to easily search for code semantically, and see who's using it and where it's deployed — and, more importantly, whether or not someone is fixing something somewhere. By just getting everyone on the same page, Slack thinks that it'll smooth out the whole process so people can focus on building, and shipping, the new bits of the products that they need. The whole thing can happen in a developer's favorite editor like Sublime Text, or it can happen in the startup's internal development environment.
“The way software has been built really hasn't changed,” Raney said. “Increasingly developer productivity is a bottleneck. Really what attracted us, the code intelligence parts, was that the implications are profound. If you were just to build another IDE, that's gonna be a really difficult way to build a business. That's, ‘I like this command, or it's a little faster'. Code intelingence is a really meaty problem that's hard to replicate.”
Slack's experience comes from his job of parachuting into major organizations that aren't in that FAANG bracket of the world — like banks — and seeing how no one knew what anyone else was working on. The challenge, then, was to figure out how to make the larger projects more collaborative so these companies could move at the same pace that a Facebook or Google would be able to do. That would not only keep them competitive but also help them reach new breakthroughs more quickly.
“We have users and customers doing really interesting things like self-driving cars, blasting rockets off, and we want to make those happen more quickly,” Slack said. “These things we've wanted to exist, we can make them go faster because the people writing the code can do it better. Within a company, you get to avoid reinventing the wheel. We prototyped a tool that did that, that's how most developers got to know us.”
There are certainly other products looking to attack a similar problem of getting developers on the same page. There's — at least potentially — GitHub and other repository tools that help developers collaborate on the code they check in and out. Slack said that while GitHub is a great developer tool, developers still spend most of their time hiding away in a different text editor cranking away. Sourcegraph's goal is to immerse developers into a more real-time experience which keeps them up to date and working on the most important things they need to develop.
OnePlus fans in India will be able to watch the upcoming Star Wars movie for free.
OnePlus is celebrating its third anniversary in India, and to mark the occasion the company is giving away 10,000 complimentary tickets to its fans for Star Wars: The Last Jedi, which is hitting theaters on December 15. The company is also set to launch the OnePlus 5T Star Wars edition in the country on December 14.
OnePlus fans in nine cities across India will be able to avail the promotion: Mumbai, Pune, Hyderabad, Chandigarh, Chennai, Kolkata, Delhi, Bangalore and Kochi. The tickets will be rolled out in two phases on December 13 and December 15 on OnePlus' website and on Paytm.
Anyone that has purchased a OnePlus device over the course of the last three years is eligible for the offer. All you have to do is register your OnePlus device's IMEI number, select the city, and pick a time for when you want to see the movie. You'll receive a ticket code that can then be redeemed on Paytm for the ticket.
You'll be able to choose tickets for showtimes on December 16 and 17 at PVR and Cinemax theaters at these locations:
Mumbai - PVR Phoenix Mills - Lower Parel
Pune - PVR Pune - Market City
Hyderabad - PVR Kukatpally Forum Sujana Mall
Chandigarh - PVR Elante Mall
Chennai - PVR Ampa Skywalk Mall
Kolkata - Cinemax Mani Square Mall
Delhi - PVR DLF Mall of India
Bangalore - PVR Forum Mall - Koramangala
Kochi - PVR Lulu International Shopping Mall
OnePlus is also rolling out pop-up stores at the aforementioned nine cities, giving its fans the ability to go hands-on with the Star Wars-themed variant of the OnePlus 5T. The first round of tickets will be available on Wednesday, December 13, starting 10 a.m.
Considering the massive demand that'll inevitably follow, we recommend you register your OnePlus device right now with your account if you haven't already done so.
Register your OnePlus device
When Amazon Key first released , the idea was to appeal to customers who regularly ordered from Amazon and found their packages getting stolen off their front lawns. It was for people who lived in urban neighborhoods with no place to hide or conceal the package until they came home. With Amazon Key, the delivery driver could slip the package into your apartment where it would be safe. Giving a complete stranger access to their homes didn't really seem to appeal to a lot of people, though, no matter how many precautions Amazon took. Since then, the service has evolved to be so much more than that, but the basic premise remains.
In-car delivery is a free service and requires no additional purchase, like the Amazon Key Home Kit. As long as you meet the necessary prerequisites you are eligible to begin as soon as you want. Much like the original service, in-car delivery only works with Prime members living within 37 select cities and the surrounding areas. You also need to have a compatible 2015 Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac with an active On-Star account or a 2015 Volvo with a Volvo On Call account.
The reason for all these prerequisites is that Amazon Key incorporates the smart system on these vehicles with the Amazon Key app. Customers can get notifications every time an Amazon delivery driver accesses the car. Delivery drivers get no keys or special codes as the whole process is done remotely. When a driver requests access to the car, Amazon can verify there's an authorized driver near the customer's car carrying the right package for the delivery. After the package is delivered, the car is locked again. This process is meant to give the customer peace of mind, and given the delivery drivers won't have access to their front doors, it should.
For the customer, all they have to do is make sure the car is parked in a publicly available space within range of the delivery location during the four-hour delivery time window. The Amazon Key app can verify that, and it also keeps customers up-to-date with the status of the package, when it's on the way and when it has been delivered. The app activity feed will tell them when the car is unlocked and locked.
You can read more about the in-car delivery service on Amazon. Look for Step 1 to see if you're eligible based on your address and vehicle.
See on Amazon
Justice Gorsuch Finds His 'Easier' Solution Has Few Takers On 1st Day
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Thayer/Getty Images Eric Thayer/Getty Images
With a nasty and partisan confirmation battle behind him, Justice Neil Gorsuch took his seat on the nation's highest court on Monday and quickly proved himself to be an active, persistent questioner.
As the court buzzer sounded, Gorsuch emerged from behind the red velvet curtains with his eight colleagues and took his seat at the far right of the bench, no pun intended. (That's where the most junior justice sits, regardless of his or her politics.)
Despite his white hair, Gorsuch looked for all the world like a kid on his first day of high school, proud to be with the big guys, and sitting tall, with a tiny grin on his face.
Chief Justice John Roberts welcomed Gorsuch to "our common calling." Then it was off to the races with three cases interesting only to true legal nerds.
Indeed, the justices were the liveliest looking people in the courtroom, though Justice Samuel Alito at one point could be seen eyes closed, rocking gently in his high-backed chair.
All three cases involved technical and convoluted points of law that, to say the least, are not made for easy or interesting translation. But the newest justice was not shy.
Eleven minutes into the morning session, he asked a string of questions in a case involving which court or courts should hear discrimination and civil service claims brought by government employees.
Gorsuch repeatedly suggested it would be "a lot simpler" or "a lot easier if we just follow the text of the statute." But as the lawyers on both sides and other justices pointed out, the statute has multiple provisions that are interdependent, and nothing about them is simple or easy.
"This is unbelievably complicated," lamented Alito. "The one thing about this case that seems perfectly clear to me is that nobody who's not a lawyer — and no ordinary lawyer — could read these statutes and figure out what they are supposed to do."
"Who wrote this statute?" he asked plaintively. "Somebody who takes pleasure out of pulling the wings off flies?"
Justice Sonia Sotomayor seemed to agree.
"If we go down your route, and I'm writing the opinion — which I hope I'm not," Sotomayor said while glancing in the direction of Chief Justice Roberts, who generally assigns the opinions.
At this point, Gorsuch again suggested the simple solution is to just read the words in the statute, but Gorsuch had a relatively novel idea of what a statute means when it says to apply one provision "subject to" another provision of the law.
Justice Elena Kagan noted that the court has had a contrary interpretation for decades. To adopt a new interpretation, she said, would be "a kind of revolution ... to the extent you can have a revolution in this kind of case."
Gorsuch was a less enthusiastic participant in the next two arguments, but he again focused on the "plain language" of the statutes in his questioning. In the second case, involving who can intervene in a property rights case, Gorsuch asked no questions of the lawyer on one side, Neal Katyal, who had testified for him at his confirmation hearing.
Gorsuch did not have much time to prepare for the 13 cases to be argued over the next two weeks.
He was sworn in on April 10, leaving him a week to prepare for the current and final round of cases of this Supreme Court term. Such short turnaround time is not uncommon, though hardly desirable.
Chief Justice Roberts had six days to prepare after his swearing-in. Justice Alito had three weeks. Justice Anthony Kennedy had four days. Justice Clarence Thomas, 10 days. And Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sotomayor and Kagan all took their oaths in August, so they had about two months to prep for their first oral arguments.
Though already a justice, Gorsuch did not participate last week in the court's weekly conference at which the eight not only discuss and vote on previously argued cases but decide which cases to hear in the future. Gorsuch would not have been eligible to vote on cases that were heard before he was sworn in, but he could have voted and will vote on which cases to hear in the future.
There are about 10 cases apparently being held, likely awaiting a decisive vote from Gorsuch on whether to grant review.
It takes the votes of four justices to agree to hear a case; the speculation is that some of the cases still in the queue need one more vote to get the four needed for review.
Splash
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Update, 6/13: Cool Girl couple Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell continue to match their laid-back-meets-edgy outfits. The latest installment of their twinning style occurred today at the Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, where they sported motorcycle jackets and sunnies as they arrived hand-in-hand.
Maxwell went the athleisure route, pairing her pieces with a bodysuit and and sweatpants—but her combat boots added a hint of grunge. Meanwhile, Stewart went rock 'n' roll with a graphic tee, chains, light wash jeans and a pair of leather loafers. The Victoria's Secret model kept her bedhead waves in a half bun as her actress girlfriend covered up her buzz cut with a beanie.
Original post, 4/10:
MEGA
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
When two style mavens date, that can only mean good things for their combined couple's wardrobe. Case in point: Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell's carefree-meets-edgy style.
The actress, 27, and Victoria's Secret model, 26, were spotted on a stroll in New Orleans in matching outfits: cropped t-shirts, short shorts, sunnies and athletic tube socks. Stewart layered with a gray hoodie while Maxwell covered up in a structured leather jacket, but their midriffs and legs were soaking up some NOLA sun.
The two have only reportedly been dating for about four months. The Chanel muse and runway regular made news after spending time together elsewhere in the south—Savannah, Georgia, where Stewart was filming her latest project, Underwater. A source confirmed to People in December that the pair is dating and "having fun."
There aren't many photos of the couple out and about together, but this photo makes us hope for more coordinated style in the near future.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leeds United will play on 'grounds soaked in the blood of innocent Rohingya children, women and older people' on a post-season tour of war-torn Myanmar, it's claimed.
The British Rohingya Community UK group released a strong statement after Leeds confirmed they'd play two games in the country which was formerly known as Burma.
There has been a bloody conflict involving the Myanmar military and the Rohingya people with the government in recent months being accused of ethnic cleansing.
The conflict has been so intense that the Foreign and Commonwealth Office is advising people against 'all but essential travel' to several areas of the country, reports LeedsLive .
(Image: X03805)
British Rohingya Community UK said: "This is absolutely disgraceful. Leeds United FC is going to play football on the grounds soaked in the blood of innocent Rohingya children, women and older people.
"Please visit Leeds United Football Club's Facebook page and let them know how disgusted we are with that.
"If need be, we will picket LUFC board meetings."
The club's controversial decision has also attracted the attention of Kate Allen, director of Amnesty International UK, who says it 'seems like an odd choice of country to choose to tour'.
She added: "The last year has seen the human rights situation in Myanmar deteriorate dramatically.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya have fled crimes against humanity in Rakhine State to neighbouring Bangladesh; those who remain continue to live under a system amounting to apartheid.
“The Myanmar authorities have continued the brutal crackdown despite a global outcry.
“Far too often sporting events have been used as a cheap PR tool to ‘sportswash' the stain of a country's human rights record.
“We're not going to tell Leeds United where they should and shouldn't visit, but if the tour does go ahead, the club should use its leverage to call for an end to the crackdown and raise with the Burmese authorities the plight of the hundreds of thousands of families who have been brutalised and forced to flee their homes.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Leeds United says it is disappointed with the reaction to the announcement and insists it is 'not a political tour'.
In a statement from the club issued to the Leeds United Supporters Trust, it said: “‘The two venues that we are visiting are both considered ‘Safe' to travel to and located in regions not affected by any political turmoil.
“‘These areas are described as ‘Westernised' and located far from the Northern areas affected by the unrest reported widely in the global media."
It continues: "‘In regards to the political viewpoint, Leeds United are not touring as guests of the government of Myanmar and this is not a political tour.
(Image: REUTERS)
“‘The club and the teams we are playing against are partnered with a local bank and of course the local football authorities, which under FIFA regulations must operate independently from the government.
“‘We see this as an opportunity for Leeds United to be pioneers and break down barriers and build relationships with the people and business community within a country trying to emerge from a difficult past.
“‘We believe that this represents a chance for those travelling to experience a new country and engage with its people.
“‘The club believes there is minimal risk involved in making this journey."
To many South Koreans, this could not have come at a worse time. With the ousted former president in prison and the prime minister and acting president merely performing a transition caretaker's role until the May 9 presidential election, the United States' apparent exploration of a ‘military option' to deal with the North Korean nuclear problem sends a wave of nail-biting concern across South Korea over the possibility of a serious military conflict on the Korean peninsula, the first time since the end of the Korean War in July 1953. Neighbors talking about an imminent military conflict on our soil would be the last thing any nation would expect during a period of absent leadership.We do not know what will happen. Perhaps after this latest escalation we will see a grand settlement at the last minute, as in 1994, resulting in rapprochement or possibly a peace treaty that North Korea has so long yearned for. Or, to the contrary and most dreadfully, the latest confrontation may lead to a military conflict. We just hope that a military conflict can be avoided at all costs.A surgical strike was once considered in 1994. But a likelihood of high civilian casualties stemming from North Korea's retaliation against the highly populated Seoul metropolitan area had the then Clinton administration abort the plan at the last minute. Since then, in the minds of South Koreans a surgical strike has existed only as a theoretical but impractical option. Sabres are rattled from time to time, but no one takes it seriously. Well, things all changed quickly here after the US-China summit meetings and the US' short notice of the bombing of a Syrian airfield two weeks ago.Having spent 23 years of broken promises and dashed hopes since the 1994 stand-off, Washington and Seoul are now standing on the same start line, asking the same question: what is North Korea's intention?; will it relinquish its nuclear program at all, and if so at what cost?; and should we engage in a pre-emptive strike? We have come full circle.Given what has transpired since 1994, North Korea has played its nuclear card well and effectively. A crumbling state once believed to be several years away from a total collapse has not only survived but is now threatening the United States, South Korea and Japan with China begging to reconsider. Maybe there have been hidden facts and classified justifications, but for things like this the outcome tells everything: North Korea got what it wanted, but the United States and South Korea did not. We were either fooled or did not know what we were subscribing to.In retrospect, the 23 years have been a period of ‘hoping for the best.' We were hoping the Pyongyang regime would collapse through a famine or internal rupture to make the nuclear program issue moot. We were hoping that someday somehow China would finally exercise its influence to change North Korea. For a long time, South Korea was also hoping inter-Korea economic cooperation to become a magic bullet to persuade the North. While the policies and schemes have changed names over the years -- Agreed Framework, Sunshine Policy, Six-Party Talks, Strategic Patience, UN sanction, you name it -- the ‘hoping for the best' element has underpinned all of them.It turns out that this ‘hoping for the best' strategy is a diplomatic version of keeping your fingers crossed. It depends upon good will and bona fide motives of the counterpart. One way or another the counterpart should regret its current position and bother to mind its image in the outside world. Neither of these applies to North Korea. So, in a sense there is nothing surprising that we stand where we are now. Failures were almost preordained.By coming back to the 1994 equation after 23 years, the United States is now apparently recalibrating and reformulating its strategy. And this time when it says “all options are on the table,” the pronouncement seems to be believed as such by all interested parties including North Korea. As things stand now, US turnaround is now exerting real pressure on North Korea and others, arguably for the first time since the summer of 1994. This ‘all court pressing,' the real pressing for the first time, should be able to force North Korea to come to the negotiating table with a serious mind. Again, to us in South Korea, a massive military conflict should be avoided at all costs. All eyes and ears are glued to what Vice President Pence will have to say during his visit to Seoul on April 16 to 18.Lee Jae-min is a professor of law at Seoul National University. He can be reached at jaemin@snu.ac.kr. -- Ed.
In the year 2020, when the Earth is overrun by aliens, it will be mandated by the Galactic Council of Extraterrestrial Life that all children must walk around with 3D-printing backpacks. Why not get a head start with the MakeX Migo backpack that lets you care your ultra small 3D printer anywhere you need to go?
This wild, see-through backpack is designed to hold a Migo 3D Printer (the thing MakeX is actually trying to sell). The backpack fits the Migo perfectly and offers the maximum visibility for your 3D printer thanks to the clear hardshell outer casing.
The printer itself is fairly standard. It prints ABS or PLA plastic and includes modeling software. It weighs about 4 pounds and has a 100x120x100 mm build envelope which means you can print things like smaller action figures and other fun models. Early birds get the printer for $219 and backpack will be a $70 add-on.
3D printers are essentially commodities but by adding wacky but endearing things like this fun backpack the makers are really taking 3D printing to the next – and not-so-obvious – level.
A headteacher who engaged in sexual activity in his office and defrauded the school out of £102,000 was a “sexist, racist and fattist bully” a court heard today, Friday.
James Stewart, former principal of Sawtry Community College, was sentenced to four years after he admitted four counts of fraud, two counts of aiding and abetting fraud and one count of misconduct in public office relating to his time at the school - he will have to serve at least two years before being released on licence.
Former Sawtry School Principal James Stewart arrives at court for sentencing., Law Courts, Huntingdon 06/10/2017. Picture by Terry Harris. THA
Prosecutor Charles Myatt told the court that Stewart defrauded Sawtry Community College out of £102,000 and set up a ‘sex dungeon' in his office.
The money - much of which was spent on his own credit card but claimed as expenses -was spent on oysters, TVs and trips to London. The court was told Stewart was a ‘sexist, racist and fattist bully' and had sex aids and condoms in his office.
He also set up a private phone line in his office, used to make calls to bet on horse races.
He was having an affair with his PA during school hours, but his wife has stood by him throughout the trial despite his admissions.
Former Vice headteacher Alan Stevens arrives at court for sentencing., Law Courts, Huntingdon 06/10/2017. Picture by Terry Harris. THA
The court was told he would regularly make himself unavailable to staff during school hours, and staff could hear ‘sexual noises' coming from the room.
Stewart and his PA would emerge with ruffled clothes, and Stewart would be slurring his word having drank alcohol.
Some of the money involved in the fraud was spent on the office - described as his ‘inner sanctum.'
The court also heard many areas of the school had fallen into disrepair during the fraud - and following inspections, it had cost them thousands of pounds to fix.
The former vice principal, Alan Stevens (64) of Sapperton, Werrington, has also pleaded guilty to two counts of fraud relating to just over £360.
He was sentenced to 24 weeks suspended for 12 months with 80 hours of unpaid work at the same hearing at Huntingdon Crown Court today (Friday).
He was ordered to pay compensation and £2,000 costs as well.
The court was told Stevens had suffered serious health problems, including cancer and heart trouble.
Stewart (72) of Kimbolton Road, Bedford, has now repaid the £102,000. He was principal of the college for almost 30 years before resigning in 2012.
The fraud was uncovered by Sarah Wilson, deputy principal, who raised concerns to education authorities.
The fraud in Stewart's case is said to have happened before and after the school converted to an academy. It was only when staff raised concerns that an EFA investigation started.
Since the fraud, the school has seen a drop in pupil numbers from more than 1300 to less than 1,000, and seen a higher number of staff leave than the school had previously.
Both Stewart and Stevens expressed apologies to the school staff, pupils and community in Sawtry through their barristers.
In passing sentence Judge Bridge said: “You were charging school everyday living expenses.
“It's impossible to calculate the impact on college in terms of reputation, staff morale and time taken to address this.”
Stewart remained seated during the hearing, and showed no emotion as he was led away to start his sentence.
The judge took into account Stewart's remorse and guilty plea in passing sentence but noted he earned a salary of £120,000.
Judge Bridge commended the two police officers who led investigation for their work.
Mark Woods, Chief Executive Officer of Cambridge Meridian Academies Trust (CMAT), which now runs Sawtry Village Academy said: “The presentation of the case by the prosecution made completely clear the destructive impact that Mr Stewart's absence of leadership over an extended period has had on the local community and school.”
“The school has undergone dramatic improvements since joining our trust and is now in a very strong position with consistently strong academic results and strong leadership.
“However, we need our partners including the Educational Funding Agency and Cambridgeshire County Council to support us by making the significant investment required to address the legacy of neglect apparent in the buildings. The local community has united behind our New Building Strong Future campaign with over 1000 offers of support so far and some wonderful acts of local generosity. After having been failed for so long this community deserves a school that they can be proud of.”
CMAT took over the school in January 2015 after Mr Stewart had stepped down.
RELATED
VIDEO: Ex-Sawtry headteacher jailed for four years as court hear office was “like a sex dungeon”
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Kim Jong-nam's son Han-sol
The family of the murdered half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is currently staying in Macau and Bejing, China, under the protection of the Chinese government, the head of South Korea's parliamentary intelligence committee revealed Wednesday.“Family members of (Kim Jong-nam) are in Macau and Beijing and are protected by the Chinese government,” Rep. Lee Cheol-woo, chairman of the National Assembly's Intelligence Committee said after being debriefed by the National Intelligence Service. “He is thought to have been heading to Macau from Malaysia to see his family,”Kim Jong-nam, the eldest son of late former leader Kim Jong-il, was killed by two unidentified women Monday at an airport in Kuala Lumpur. The two women, believed to be North Korean agents, fled the scene by taxi. Reports from Japan said the two may be dead.According to Rep. Lee, Kim Jong-nam has three children -- two sons and one daughter -- from his two marriages. His first wife and son are staying in Beijing, while the second wife and the siblings are in Macau.Among them the most-widely known is Kim Han-sol in Macau, who in an interview with Finnish television in 2012 called his uncle -- Kim Jong-un -- a dictator.“When I was in North Korea, I was brought up in my mother's household. I did not know my grandfather (Kim Jong-il) was a dictator. I have never met my grandfather or my uncle (Kim Jong-un) either,” he said on the show.By Jo He-rim (herim@heraldcorp.com)
Experts Recommend Vaccination to Protect Pups Against Dog Flu
COLUMBIA, S.C. (WOLO) – Canine Influenza has officially arrived in South Carolina, and some veterinarians are recommending getting your dog vaccinated against it as a precaution.
Vets at Pawmetto Lifeline, in the Harbison area of Columbia, say it's not a matter of if your dog comes in contact with the virus, but when.
Dr. Janice Hodge says canine influenza is highly contagious, so visiting places where dogs socialize or congregate, such as doggie day cares, dog parks, boarding facilities and urban locations, places dogs at higher risk for becoming infected. Making the situation even more difficult to control is that dogs can spread the virus before signs of illness appear. This virus can also live on our clothing for up to 24 hours making transmission even higher.
Hodge said canine influenza can be caused by two different canine influenza virus strains, H3N8 and H3N2. Both strains of canine influenza virus cause respiratory disease in dogs. Affected dogs may develop coughing, nasal discharge, fever, lethargy and loss of appetite. The signs of infection are similar to those of other respiratory diseases in dogs. With proper medical attention, most dogs will recover. However, in some cases, canine influenza can progress to a more severe or even life-threatening condition, such as pneumonia.
Pawmetto Lifeline is offering special hours for vaccinations:
Monday – Thursday from 10-4 at the Spay/Neuter Clinic. No other services will be available during this time, just the vaccine.
– from 10-4 at the Spay/Neuter Clinic. No other services will be available during this time, just the vaccine. During normal Vaccine Clinic Hours: every Friday 10:30-12:30 & 2-4 and the 1 st & 3 rd Saturdays of the month from 9-1.
& 2-4 and the 1 & 3 Saturdays of the month from 9-1. At every Care-A-Van Mobile Vaccine Clinic on the weekends.
LOS ANGELES—Mixing and matching front-court combinations was wonderful to watch, but it was the essence of the Toronto Raptors that made them win here Sunday night.
Jakob Poeltl and Lucas Nogueira, the final and most effective twosome coach Dwane Casey struck upon, helped to dominate the start of the fourth quarter, while Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan provided their usual all-star play.
Lowry finished with a season-high 41 points — including six three-pointers from all spots on the floor — and DeRozan had 31 in the first three quarters as the Raptors snapped a two-game losing streak with a 123-114 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers at the Staples Center.
Lowry racked up 12 points in the first six minutes of the fourth quarter — three three-pointers included in the run — and grabbed a key offensive rebound to set up a game-sealing Terrence Ross three with about 90 seconds remaining.
Jonas Valanciunas had 14 points and 10 rebounds for Toronto, while Pascal Siakam hauled in 10 rebounds to offset excellent offensive nights from Nick Young (26 points) and D'Angelo Russell (28).
TIRANA, Feb. 2 – Albania's opposition has accused Prime Minister Edi Rama of lying in statements related to Albania's vote in favor of a UN resolution urging the United States
You must be a subscriber to access this article. Log in Subscribe
Geneva
Donald Trump's nominee to lead the UN migration agency said Monday that he has convinced member states that he holds no anti-Muslim views, after a series of reports accused him of prejudice against Islam.
Ken Isaacs, who has a long record of humanitarian work with the Christian charity Samaritan's Purse and within George W. Bush's presidential administration, has been nominated by the US State Department to head the International Organization for Migration (IOM).
Isaacs is in Geneva trying to rally support for his candidacy ahead of a June vote in which IOM's 169-member states will choose their next director-general, a post traditionally held by an American.
But his candidacy has been complicated by reports detailing incidents where Isaacs apparently tweeted or re-tweeted material offensive to Muslims.
Speaking to journalists on Monday, Isaacs said he has met with envoys from dozens of IOM member-states, including majority Muslim nations, and convinced them he was not a bigot.
“Yes, they feel satisfied,” he said, adding that “after talking to me for a minute or two and hearing who I am, what I talk about, what my heart is,” questions about prejudice vanish, he said. “I have never shown discrimination against anybody for anything, period,” he said. “If (people) need help, I have always helped them.”
Questions about Isaacs' views on Islam emerged shortly after his February 1 nomination in a Washington Post article that reported tweets between 2015 and 2017 in which Isaacs claimed the Koran “instructs” Muslims to commit acts of violence.
He also reportedly suggested Syrian Christian refugees should be given priority over Muslim ones and challenged claims that Islam was a peaceful religion, leading the paper to call his candidacy an “embarrassment” in an editorial. —AFP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum-of-two whose nose rotted away had magnets screwed into her skull so she can wear a life-changing prostethetic.
Jayne Hardman had her nose removed in November last year after developing a type of vasculitis, she first noticed when she was head-butted by her dog
The family dog, Cece, a 14-stone Neapolitan mastiff, knocked into Jayne's face and caused her nose to swell.
She was diagnosed with Wegener's granulomatosis – a rare disease that rotted the flesh on her nose and later that year both nostrils collapsed.
In fear the autoimmune disease would destroy more facial features, the doctors had no other choice to amputate her nose.
Jayne, 48, was left with a hole in her skull but in January this year, after four prototype prosthetics, Jayne was given her magnetic nose.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
She says the pain was excruciating as metal was screwed in to her head, but she has found a new lease of life in her prosthetic.
She even appeared on ITV's This Morning and shocked Eamonn Holmes and wife Ruth Langsford , by whipping off her nose while live on air.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Jayne, from Redditch, Worcestershire, said: “For three and a half years my nose was disappearing and towards the end of last year the bone had completely disappeared.
“After having my nose amputated in November last year, I finally have a perfect prosthetic nose and have the confidence to leave my house whenever I feel like it.
“I trialled four other noses before having the one I have now, I couldn't be happier with it, it's done so well and people can never tell that it's not real.
“So although I've lost my real nose, I feel like I am now complete. Something weirdly clicked into place when I clicked this magnetic nose on.”
After being head butted by her dog Jayne's nose continued to pour with blood, but the doctor's insisted that it was not broken and just needed to be iced.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
However after her nose continued to swell, Jayne returned to the doctors and was eventually diagnosed with the rare autoimmune disease in June 2014.
She said: “I knew from the moment that CeCe hit my head that something wasn't right with my nose, and from that day on it never went back to normal.
“The disease was always there but it was lying dormant, it was CeCe that saved me really – if the collision hadn't have happened I could have died.
“If the disease had remained unnoticed, my immune system would still be working to kill off all of my cells and slowly destroy me.
“Over the years after my diagnosis, my nose started to dissolve, in the end amputation was the only sensible thing to do.
“I went through several rounds of chemotherapy in 2014 to stop my immune system from killing all of my cells, but even after that they couldn't save my nose.
“The day I found out my nose was being removed was the worst day of my life, but I knew it had to be done to make progress.
“I had already been wearing glue-on prosthetics over my collapsed nose, so I just had to believe the doctor that the new prosthetic after my nose was removed would be even better.”
So once her nose was removed, the NHS started to create the perfect prosthetic for Jayne and took several moulds of the cavity.
However to ensure that her nose would be easily detachable, so that she could still clean out the hole in her face, doctors had to drill metal screws into her skull.
She said: “The pain of the metal screws being tightened into my skull was a pain I cannot describe, it was just excruciating.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
“But I knew it was the only way to make my magnetic nose work and I'm so glad now that I sat through it.
“Before my magnetic nose I had glue-on prosthetics, but they never lasted long.
“I've ripped them, the dogs have chewed them and they haven't always fit right, but this prosthetic is perfect.
“It's very easy to take on and off so that I can steam the hole every morning to make sure any mucus is removed.
“And considering I hated my original nose and would've had a nose job to fix it anyway, my confidence is now higher than ever!”
But despite not being able to taste or smell when her nose was removed, last week she regained all her senses again.
Jayne had grommets fitted into her ears, which allowed her hearing to fully return.
Jayne said: “When my nose was removed I couldn't hear without hearing aids, and I couldn't taste or smell anything because my nasal receptors were damaged.
“But as of last week , as well as my sense of smell and taste, so life is slowly but surely going back to normal.
“So now I am on a concoction of steroids and antibiotics to help keep illness at bay and help with my recovery.
“Now I am focusing on seeing the fun side of what's happened to me, and even when I've sneezed it off or it's flown across the room at my son, we just see the funny side.
“I still feel extremely lucky to be alive, so I want to make sure that no one else goes through this and if I can save one person from losing my nose, it will all be worth it.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
What better wine to enjoy in the fall than the wine named for fall colors — carmenère?
The leaves of most grapevines do not change colors in the fall. One exception is carmenère, whose leaves burn a brilliant red. For that reason, growers long ago dubbed this unusual vine carmenère, or crimson.
The French grape has some history in Bordeaux but really got traction in Chile. Carmenère was supposed to be to Chile what malbec is to Argentina. But it didn't work out that way, and now Chile produces a lot of malbec and cabernet sauvignon, too.
Carmenère packs a wallop of flavor, with as big a blast of ripe fruit and spice as a zinfandel or petite sirah. It has been described as having character of earthy fruits, dark chocolate and cayenne pepper, making for a wine that combines ripe, sweet fruit with touch of savory.
The House of Marnier Lapostolle, the French group famous for the liqueur Gran Marnier, has a presence in Chile with Lapostolle Wines. Lapostolle Casa Gran Selection Rapel Valley 2013 Carmenère shows character of plum and black pepper with a light-bodied and anise finish. This wine's blend includes some petite verdot, merlot and syrah. $15. 1/2
Koyle Gran Reserva 2012 Carmenère smells herbal and floral, is medium-bodied and spicy with flavors of fig and chocolate, and has a smooth finish. $11.
Both of these wines, which are not shy on alcohol levels at all, are great for the cooler weather when paired with saucy or dry-rubbed red meats cooked on the grill as the leaves fall.
GRADE: Exceptional
,
Above average , Good
,
Below average , Poor .
DAVID FALCHEK, executive
director
of the American Wine Society, reviews wines each week.
5K Obstacle Course Fundraiser Coming To Mt. Brighton
April 17, 2017
The Brighton Rotary Club is bringing back its popular obstacle course fundraiser to Mt. Brighton next month.
The 3rd annual Top of the Mountain Dash or Crash, scheduled for May 20th, is promising to be both more fun and challenging this year. Three new obstacles have to been to the 5K course bringing the total number to 13. Highlights include a tire bridge, climbing wall, swamp walk, and a final run down the mountain under a shower sprayed by the ski park's snow guns. There are also 2 one-mile kids runs which promise to be both muddy and wet for adventurous children. There will be live music, food and drink available on site for participants and spectators, alike.
Early bird rates for $45 for adults and $15 for kids. Entrance to the event for non-runners is free, and there will also be free rides up the chair lift to the top of Mt. Brighton where 80% of the course will be visible. More information can be found through the link below. (MK)
Srinagar : In occupied Kashmir, the Chairman of Hurriyat forum, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, has asked India to repeal draconian law, Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA), from the territory saying that it has played havoc with the lives of the Kashmiri people.
According to Kashmir Media Service, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq in a statement issued in Srinagar said, “For the past 30 years, draconian and oppressive AFSPA has played havoc with our lives. Time and again we have demanded its withdrawal. If India can remove it from its North Eastern territories, this cruel and merciless power bestowed upon eight hundred thousand Indian forces deployed in J&K should be revoked immediately.”
Meanwhile, media reports quoting Indian Home Ministry said that the draconian law, AFSPA, had been removed from Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh.
Political analysts are of the view that India's move is a discriminatory act against the disputed territory of Jammu and Kashmir where this pro-Indian Army law continues to haunt the innocent Kashmiri people.
Orignally published by INP
Is Gold Really Strong? by Przemyslaw Radomski – 321 Gold
Silver and mining stocks declined for yet another day, but this time gold ended the session with a (slight, but still) gain. How can we interpret the latter? Is it a sign of strength?
In short, not at all. In yesterday's, alert we emphasized that gold's breakdown was one of the key developments that one should consider while analyzing the precious metals market. The tiny upswing that we saw in gold yesterday was a classic example of a post-breakout pause. Let's take a closer look (charts courtesy of http://stockcharts.com).
In yesterday's alert, we wrote exactly the following:
Gold closed yesterday's session below both rising support lines, but the most important thing is that it closed it below the line based on the daily closing prices (it's currently at about $1,275) and that the move below it was rather significant.
The breakdown is not yet confirmed, but it appears that it will be confirmed shortly, especially if the USD continues to move higher. The next support is just above $1,200, so that's where gold is most likely headed. As discussed earlier today, the bigger the consolidation, the bigger the move is likely to follow and in this case, it means that gold should move visibly lower, not just several dollars lower. Again, it doesn't seem that the decline is close to being over – at least not in terms of price.
Another daily close below both rising support lines is a step closer toward a confirmation of a breakdown and the fact that the volume was low adds to the credibility of the bearish case. The same goes for today's pre-market action. At the moment of writing these words, gold is about $5 lower, so the odds are that the session will end below the rising support/resistance lines once again and that the breakdown will be fully confirmed.
The mentioned lines are clearly visible, so it's very likely that this breakdown will be viewed as a key technical development for many traders and that it will result in lower prices relatively soon.
Meanwhile, the price of silver continues to march lower, just as we had expected it to. The one thing that we would like to add today is that silver just broke below its May bottom and since it continues to move lower in today's pre-market trading, it seems that the breakdown will be confirmed.
Mining stocks continued to decline and underperform gold and it can't be explained by looking at the general stock market – it paused yesterday and the past few months saw almost consistently higher S&P 500 levels. The implications of yesterday's session are clearly bearish. Moreover, we realize that we wrote these dozens of times, but it's worth repeating once again – the extent to which mining stocks underperform gold and the time in which they've been doing so (months) is a major confirmation of the analogy between the current situation and the pre-2013 slide. The implications are extremely bearish for the following weeks and months… Especially that we just saw a major breakdown in the HUI:gold ratio.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
The Clippers are riding on a five game win streak after dropping an 11-10 contest on the 27th of June. They were able to sweep the Indians in a four game series, and done so in seemingly convincing fashion. They scored ten runs in two straight games and another eleven on Monday night against the Toledo Mud Hens. The win streak was finally snapped on Tuesday as the Clippers fell to the Mud Hens 8-3 with two games left in the series.
Francisco Mejia was named the International League batter of the week for putting together a solid week offensively. He had sixteen hits overall, with six doubles, a. 593 batting average during that span, and a .645 on base percentage to help the red hot Clipshow climb back into the division race. Mejia also recorded his seventh homer of the year and had his eighth career four hit contests on Saturday. Adam Wilk threw a gem on Monday only allowing two hits and one earned run as Columbus routed the Mud Hens making them four games over the .500 mark (43-39).
Dorssys Paulino signed with the Indians as an international free agent in 2011. He made his pro debut with the Arizona Fall League Indians in 2012 and was later promoted to Mahoning Valley. When playing for both teams Paulino batted .333 with seven home runs and thirty eight RBI. He was promoted again to Lake County in 2013 where his slash line was ..246/.297/.349 with five home runs and forty six RBI. During the 2014 season he was converted into an outfielder so he can play both that position and shortstop. Moving forward to 2017, Paulino got called up to Akron and then the Clippers for the 2018 campaign.
Share this article:
Bayley recently spoke with Metro.co.uk to promote the November RAW live events in the UK. The full interview is at this link and below are highlights:
How frustrating was it to be out with your recent injury? Did you watch much wrestling while you were recovering?
It was hard for me to watch wrestling because I get really anxious whenever I watch matches. If I see something I like I want to practise it and try it myself.
This sounds like I'm a loser but when I'm feeling down or I need a bit of motivation I do watch old NXT matches because they have some of my favourite memories as a performer in WWE. I watch a lot of that to put me back on the right mindset – including my match with Nia Jax at NXT Takeover: London. She's the one I want to get back at, and I defeated her that night! That was a match I watched a few times.
Would you describe yourself as an ambitious person? Do you think people underestimate you at times?
I would like to think I am! I wouldn't be in this position if I wasn't. It takes a lot of hard work for anybody to get any type of success in life, but it's a lot for a person to leave their family every week and travel the road in the dark.
I'd like to think I'm ambitious, and I like proving people wrong and surprising people. It might take me longer than some, but I will show people that I belong here.
Considering your storyline with Sasha Banks at the moment, a lot of fans are wondering if your character is going to get darker and meaner over the next few months. Are you comfortable if that happens?
It's something I think about because I know anything is possible when you're with WWE. I don't know if I have to go to the dark side, although I do read all the tweets and I do know it's what the fans are kinda hoping for.
As a performer I need to change in the ring, to be a little bit more aggressive and go about things in a different way rather than Bayley following the rules all the time. I might have to bend the rules a little bit to get what I want this time around. I realised when I was out with my injury that I need to go about things differently and not let people push me around so much.
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
Big News on a Crazy Brock Lesnar Feud, “Broken” Hardy Plans for WWE RAW Revealed, Vince McMahon Upset with WWE Newcomer, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Coroner identifies victim of fatal Swansea crash
Lexington, S.C. (WOLO) – Lexington County Coroner Margret Fisher has identified an individual who died during a single-car crash this afternoon near Swansea.
Arbie Dewayne “Wayne” Taylor, 48 was pronounced dead at the scene due to injuries.
Taylor was the passenger of a vehicle that left the right side of the roadway, struck a culvert, and collided with a tree. He was not wearing a seatbelt.
The driver and another passenger of the vehicle were transported to an area hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
The provincial government will spend the coming months settling on an age of majority for recreational marijuana, deciding on a retail network of stores where it will be sold, developing a public education campaign and dealing with a host of regulatory issues.
“We have an opportunity to start fresh with this,” Camille Quenneville, chief executive officer of CMHA's Ontario branch, told the Star before the wide-ranging, 18-page submission was made public.
Staff selling marijuana products in stores should have special training akin to the Smart Serve program for bartenders, with what the CMHA dubs a first-of-its-kind “Cannabis Card.”
The group will release a position paper Monday calling on the province to ban pot smoking in cars with a “zero tolerance” policy, cap the amount of THC in cannabis products and use all tax revenues from them to boost addiction and mental health services.
When it becomes legal next July, recreational marijuana should be sold with more restrictions than that other weed — tobacco — says the Canadian Mental Health Association's Ontario branch.
Cannabis exec says production must increase to meet consumer demand next July
Ontario has established a Legalization of Cannabis Secretariat to co-ordinate the effort on behalf of all government ministries. Medical marijuana is already legal.
Premier Kathleen Wynne has strongly hinted the age of majority for cannabis will be set at 19, the same as for alcohol — a position the mental health association supports.
But Quenneville urged the province to set strict advertising and marketing restrictions, as with tobacco, to “minimize the profile and attractiveness” of cannabis, while going one step further with plain packaging to downplay brand identities.
“We think that makes sense.”
Cigarettes are now kept behind closed doors in stores with brand logos visible on their packaging, but alongside explicit warnings about the health dangers of smoking.
The association's push for pot tax revenues to improve addiction and mental health services is based on concerns that “there's a link between heavy use and anxiety and depression and psychosis,” particularly if there's a personal or family history or if cannabis use begins in the mid-teens, said Quenneville.
“There's not nearly enough mental health services for the population,” she added, also calling for more extensive research on causal relationships between cannabis and mental health problems.
Mental health and addictions now account for 7 per cent of the provincial health-care budget and CMHA is pushing for an increase to 9 per cent, as recommended by the Mental Health Commission of Canada.
“The one piece we struggle with is young people who are at higher risk for mental health (problems),” Quenneville said, which makes a strong public education campaign critical to reach “emerging adults” in their teens and early 20s.
‎Efforts to make people aware of the dangers of cannabis are needed to combat any mindset that “if it's legally available and it's sold, how bad can it be?” she added.
Ontario Health Minister Eric Hoskins said last month that he wants to government to get out months in advance of legalization with a strong public education and awareness campaign, especially given medical concerns that cannabis can be harmful to people under 25 because their brains are still developing.
Quenneville agreed, saying “we need to get at it. A year from now (to the expected legalization date, ‎next July 1) is not a long time.”
On the concept of a “Cannabis Card,” Quenneville said it's a logical step to certify that people selling recreational marijuana products have training on their attributes, risks and effects to better deal with customers.
“We don't think it's out of scope for marijuana, which can be more harmful. You have to have a level of knowledge.”
‎The proliferation of marijuana dispensaries also needs to be “cleaned up,” said Quenneville, whose association is urging the government to cut back the number of outlets where cannabis will be sold, to regulate hours of opening more tightly and to consider a non-profit retail model once legal sales begin next summer.
In the meantime, Ontario should be pushing the federal government to decriminalize, as soon as possible, the personal possession of 30 grams or fewer of cannabis, the CMHA recommends in the policy paper.
Youth offences on cannabis possession should also be decriminalized and existing penalties replaced with fine, community service or mandatory education or addiction programs.
“A lot of young people are being charged with possession,” said Uppala Chandrasekera, director of public policy for the mental health association.
For drivers and their passengers, strict enforcement of a ban on cannabis consumption of any kind in automobiles will be key to curbing impaired driving, the association added.
“A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle, and any passengers in the car. It is important that a clear message be sent to the public.”
Wide receiver Eric Decker has three seasons in which he's caught at least 10 touchdowns, and three seasons in which he's had at least 1,000 yards receiving. (Photo: Adrian Kraus / Associated Press)
The Lions appear to have big plans for rookie wide receiver Kenny Golladay, but that's not keeping national analysts from offering advice on what the team should do with its No. 3 wide receiver spot.
Shortly after the Kansas City Chiefs cut reciever Jeremy Maclin, the Lions started popping up as a possible landing spot for the speedster, according to various sites.
Now that Maclin has signed with the Ravens, former Jets receiver Eric Decker has surfaced as a good fit for the Lions, at least according to Sean Wagner-McGough of CBS Sports.
Wagner-McGough on Wednesday ranked the Lions' fourth among nine NFL teams that would be a prime destination for the veteran receiver, entering his eighth season.
“They should've been in the running for Maclin,” Wagner-McGough wrote. “Now, they need to push for Decker.
“Signing Decker would allow the team to trot out Marvin Jones on one sideline with Decker on the other. Meanwhile, Golden Tate — arguably the most elusive slot receiver in the league — would operate exclusively in the slot. That would be a heck of an offense.”
The Tennesee Titans, who just drafted Corey Davis out of Western Michigan in the first round, top Wagner-McGough's list, followed by Maclin's new home, Baltimore. Decker visited the Titans on Wednesday.
Decker, 30, has three 1,000-yard seasons under his belt, most recently in 2015 when he had 80 catches for 1,027 yards and 12 touchdowns. It was his third season with at least 11 touchdowns.
Decker, who spent his first four seasons in Denver, struggled with injuries last season, playing in just three games before the Jets released him this offseason.
The Lions, meanwhile, took Golladay in the third round out of Northern Illinois, and he's made a strong early impression. His addition was enough, it appears, for the Lions not to pursue the re-signing of receiver Anquan Boldin, who had eight touchdown grabs last season with Detroit.
KARACHI, Aug 14 (APP): The Pakistan Navy (PN) on Monday celebrated
the 70th Independence Anniversary of Pakistan with traditional zeal.
An impressive Change of Guard ceremony was held at the mausoleum
of Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah as the entire nation celebrated
Independence Day, a PN statement said.
Smartly turned out contingent of Pakistan Naval Academy cadets,
clad in ceremonial dresses, assumed ceremonial guard duties at
Mazar-e-Quaid with traditional spirit, customary enthusiasm and
military manners to mark the Independence Day celebrations.
Commandant Pakistan Naval Academy, Commodore Adnan Ahmad was
the chief guest on the occasion and reviewed the guard.
The chief guest and smartly turned out cadets of Pakistan
Navy presented Qaumi Salam to the Father of the Nation, Quaid-e-Azam
Mohammad Ali Jinnah.
The ceremonial guard mounting was followed by laying of floral
wreath at the Mazar-e-Quaid by the chief guest on behalf of Chief
of the Naval Staff, officers and men of Pakistan Navy.
Later, the chief guest offered Fateha and recorded his remarks
in the visitors book and paid rich tribute to the beloved Quaid.
Earlier, the day dawned with Gun Salutes and special prayers
were offered in all Naval mosques for solidarity and progress of
the country and particularly for the success of Kashmiris struggle.
Pakistan Navy Ships and Establishments were illuminated in
Navy's traditional manner.
Flag hoisting ceremonies were held at Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore
and Coastal Area at designated Units of Pakistan Navy.
Various other activities including singing of national anthem at
naval units/establishments in the morning, PN Band Display at Frere
Hall Karachi, Flag Hoisting Ceremony at Pakistan Maritime Museum as
well as various sports fixtures were also a part of day long
celebrations.
Independence Day celebrations at Pakistan Navy educational
institutions were also held where schoolchildren presented tableaus
on national songs and declamation contests were held highlighting
the importance of Independence Day.
Numerous Independence Day ceremonies were also held by PN units
at Ormara, Pasni, Gwadar, Jiwani, and Turbat and other coastal
areas, including fishing boats special rallies. These ceremonies
and activities were attended by a large number of local notables,
civil and military dignitaries.
Orlando Pirates will attempt to delay Mamelodi Sundowns' coronation as PSL champions from behind closed doors when they host Bidvest Wits in a game that will play in front of empty Orlando Stadium on Wednesday night.1
Milutin Sredojević and his men must get all the three points against Bidvest Wits while at the same time hope that Maritzburg United do them a big favour by completing a quick league and cup double over Sundowns at Harry Gwala Stadium on the same night.
If such a scenario plays out on Wednesday‚ the identity of the champions will not be known until at least the weekend when both teams return to action against Cape Town City and Ajax Cape Town respectively.
But should Sundowns win against Maritzburg United and Wits beat Pirates‚ the Brazilians will be crowned league champions with two rounds of matches remaining in the campaign.
As Sredojević and his players prepared for the must-win clash‚ Pirates management advised fans who had already bought the tickets for the match against Wits to hold on to them as information will be issued at a later stage regarding refunds.
“Fans who have already bought tickets for this match will be advised in the near future as to how to get a refund.
"The Absa Premiership match between Orlando Pirates and Bidvest Wits will be played behind closed doors in terms of a sanction handed down by the PSL Disciplinary Committee‚” said their statement.
For Wits‚ who needed a last minute equaliser to draw 1-1 with Polokwane City after a goal from from Vincent Pule in Johannesburg on Sunday‚ they will be desperate for a win as three points will boost their chances of ending the campaign in the top eight.
Wits coach Gavin Hunt should be happy with his players' match fitness having played on Sunday but Pirates have been idle for almost two weeks as they last played on April 15 where they came from behind to beat AmaZulu.
Bipin Dani
Observer Correspondent
Mumbai
West Indies' Darren Sammy is emerged as a strong candidate to lead the World XI to play against Pakistan in Pakistan next month, it is learnt here.
According to the highly placed sources in Pakistan, the ICC has “almost cleared” the three T-20 matches either in Lahore or both in Lahore and Karachi. Now only the security clearance from the FICA (world body overseeing the players' interest) is awaited.
“Sammy has won the World T-20 tournament twice and is a strong contender for the captaincy”, one of the sources said.
Secondly, Sammy has been a captain of the Peshawar Zalmi team in the Pakistan Super League (PSL).
Andy Flower, the former Zimbabwe player, who also coached England will be the manager / coach of the visiting team, it is also learnt here.
“Flower may be asked to liaise with the BCCI to send Kohlis to Pakistan”.
The Indian cricket board will need government permission and it is to be seen how they would react to the Shashank Manohar-led ICC request.
Staff Reporter
The United States has lost its war on terror in Afghanistan during last 17 years and its spending of billions of dollars have enjoyed by few Afghan influential, but financial benefits had been given to poor people of the war-ravaged country.
These views were shared by the author of the book “Afghan Papers” by Senior Journalist and Known Columnist, Agha Masood Hussain at Pakistan Institute of International Affairs (PIIA) here on Saturday. Agha Masood further said that the Afghan nation is experiencing extreme poverty and deprivation as the US invasion did not impact on the lives, but funds were channelized in the pockets of few political leaders who gained financially a lot from this war. “I urged the economic department of the United States to audit and investigate that where the Afghan war funding goes,” Agha Masood said, adding, “These US funding in Afghanistan directly goes in the pockets of Hamid Karzai and his brother and poor people did not get any financial support during his term.”
“The only solution to Afghanistan crisis could be resolved through negotiation and dialogue and if it (negotiations) would not be initiated then war in the country (Afghanistan) will be continued,” he suggested, adding, “If Afghan issue would not resolve it will be dangerous and it could destabilize entire region.”
Afghan people should resist US involvement in their country, he said. Our government has to expose the world about Indian involvement in Afghanistan who carrying out terrorists' activities in Pakistan by using third country soil, he remarked.
Senator Abdul Haseeb Khan said the United States should end its involvement in Afghanistan. Pakistan would have effective intelligence sharing with Afghans government for restoration of peace in both countries, he added.
He said next general elections in the country should be free and fair. Later, Chairperson Pakistan Institute of International Affairs, Dr Masooma Hassan said the book on Afghan comprised of very historic photographs which are not available. The articles that were translated do not have references.
He suggested that the author should include reference to the article in its second edition.
Former Governor of Sindh, Kamal Uddin Azfar and former Editor of Jang, Mehmood Sham also spoke in the occasion.
By DEREK WILEY
Of the Keizertimes
Behind a big first half, McNary (2-1) opened Greater Valley Conference play with a 72-54 win over West Albany on Friday, Dec. 8.
The Celtics outscored the Bulldogs 22-11 in the first quarter as McNary senior Chandler Cavell scored 11 of his 27 points and Lucas Garvey drained three 3-pointers.
The Celtics continued to add to their lead in the second quarter and went into halftime with a comfortable 39-21 advantage.
McNary head coach Ryan Kirch said the key to the fast start was more ball movement and less dribbling.
“Watching our first couple games on film, I thought often times we over dribbled the basketball, whether that was in transition getting the ball up the floor or in the half court offense and I thought we held the ball one extra dribble, which allowed the defense to recover from any advantage that we'd gotten,” Kirch said. “We really focused the last couple days, get the ball up earlier. If you don't have anything, get that ball moving forward, side to side, that way we can ball fake and attack the rim. We want to get to the free throw line a little bit more and I thought we did that tonight.”
The Celtics were 19-for-26 from the free throw line. Cavell finished 10-for-11.
Along with his 27 points, Cavell also added 10 rebounds, five assists and three steals. He was 8-for-12 from the field with all four of his misses coming from behind the 3-point arc.
“You can see that he's playing at a speed that's fast but he is under control with his body,” Kirch said. “That's why his shooting percentage is so high. That's why he's able to make the assist rather than a turnover. He's really just slowed his mind down but his body is still playing. The points are great but his rebounding, his assist, he's just doing a great job.”
Struggling to rebound and defend, Kirch changed his rotation with 6'5 senior Ricardo Gardelli and 6'6 junior Boston Smith getting the start.
Smith finished with five rebounds to go with four points, two blocks and two steals. Gardelli had just one rebound but added 10 points.
“We wanted to go with our best jumpers and our biggest guys,” Kirch said. “They're (West Albany) a pretty athletic team. Rebounding is the reason we lost up at Oregon City. We gave up so many boards so we wanted our best rebounders in there. Boston is getting there. He's defending and rebounding. We're working on his touch at the rim and Ricky gives us another shooting presence outside. It worked out well.”
Garvey finished with 18 points, two rebounds and three steals. Andrew Jones added two points, six assists, three rebounds and two steals.
The Celtics got nine points from their bench, led by Griffin Oliveira, who finished with six.
“We're still working on some rotations and who can play different spots and when,” Kirch said. “We have a lot of new guys that play varsity and we're still trying to teach. You saw a lot of breakdowns in our zone. We've just got to practice more. I was pleased with our offense and our ability to move the ball and make them guard. If we're getting to the free throw line early and we're swinging the ball and attacking down hill, that was our point of emphasis and that is what we did.”
ISL 2017: FC Goa sign former Barcelona defender Sergio Juste
This is the Gaurs' fifth foreign signing for ISL 4.
@blowmeoffaridge by Abhijit Bharali News 14 Aug 2017, 14:33 IST
Sergio Juste Marin was a former Barcelona B captain
What's the story?
FC Goa have made their fifth foreign signing for the 2017-18 Indian Super League season. The Gaurs have roped in former Barcelona B captain Sergio Juste, who will add to the club's defence for the upcoming season.
Welcoming a fresh pair of legs for our defense. Sergio "Chechi" Juste is now a #Gaur. Let's give him a grand welcome to the family!#ForcaGoa pic.twitter.com/bBbJswC1nh — FC Goa (@FCGoaOfficial) August 14, 2017
In case you didn't know...
Juste, who is popularly known as Chechi, joins Bruno Pinheiro, Ferran Corominas, Ahmed Jahouh and Manuel Arana as the new signings for the 2015 ISL runners-up. The 25-year-old is the 11th Spaniard who will play in the ISL next season.
He was a free agent before putting pen to paper on the FC Goa deal and last played at Spanish club CE L'Hospitalet, who released him last month.
The heart of the matter
New FC Goa head coach Sergio Lobera has brought in a raft of new Iberian signings in a bid to quickly incorporate his philosophy of football at the club after the departure of Zico at the end of ISL 2016.
Having finished rock bottom in the ISL last year, the Gaurs have renewed hope in the form of Lobera who will be expected to challenge for the title next season. Juste can play both as a left-sided and a right-sided centre-back and can also fill in at right-back if required.
What's next?
With five new overseas signings, FC Goa are now left with only three places to fill in their quota of foreigners. The ISL 2017-18 kicks off in mid-November and FC Goa will be among the ten teams vying for a playoff place.
Juste will be expected to partner Chinglensana Singh in central defence next season in what promises to be an exciting Indian-Spanish defensive pair.
Author's take
Juste started his senior career in 2009 and hence has relatively lesser experience than some of the foreign centre-backs that have been signed so far by ISL clubs. However, the former Barcelona man racked up 41 appearances in the Segunda Division for CE L'Hospitalet last season, suggesting that he could be banked on to deliver for a longer ISL campaign this time out.
Furthermore, he also has his compatriot Lobera to guide him in the newer surroundings of Indian football. In all fairness, Juste looks like the perfect signing for FC Goa, but how true that is, only time will tell.
Also Read: Full list of FC Goa squad after ISL 2017 player draft
Please remember in your prayers Mr. Donald Melancon, father of Reverend Aaron Melancon (Pastor of both St. Benedict the Moor and St. Theresa of the Child Jesus Parishes in Duson). Mr. Melancon died on September 30, 2017, at the age of 76.
Funeral Arrangements are as follows:
Visitation: Melancon Funeral Home in Carencro.
Saturday, October 7, 2017 from 9:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
at Evangeline Memorial Garden Chapel, Melancon Funeral Home, 4117 N. University Ave., Carencro. A rosary will be prayed at 12:00 noon at the funeral home.
Mass of Christian Burial:
Saturday, October 7, 2017 at 2:00 p.m. at Our Lady Queen of Peace Catholic Church, 145 Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive, Lafayette, LA 70501.
Interment: Our Lady of Assumption Cemetery in Carencro.
Please remember in your prayers Mr. Melancon and all that mourn his death.
The Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA) has announced it is to undertake a periodic review of the Agri-Food and Biosciences Institute (AFBI).
All public bodies are subject to periodic review to ensure they remain effective and accountable. DAERA's review of AFBI will follow the Cabinet Office's Tailored Review approach.
In the first instance it will examine the role of AFBI before considering its capacity for delivering more effectively and efficiently as well as ensuring the governance arrangements in place meet recognised principles of good corporate governance.
The review, which starts this month and will be completed by March 2018, will be comprehensive, constructive and beneficial to both AFBI and the department.
As part of the process, there will be an opportunity for organisations and individuals to provide information to the review.
This will include an online questionnaire, which will be publicised in due course.
170209-N-BL637-025
PACIFIC OCEAN (Feb. 9, 2017) Naval Air Crewman 2nd Class Andres Guevara, assigned to the “Black Knights” of Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron (HSC) 4, performs maintenance on an MH-60S Sea Hawk helicopter aboard the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70). The ship's carrier strike group is on a western Pacific deployment as part of the U.S. Pacific Fleet-led initiative to extend the command and control functions of U.S. 3rd Fleet. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Sean M. Castellano/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.08.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:52 Photo ID: 3166315 VIRIN: 170209-N-BL637-025 Resolution: 3000x1687 Size: 2.75 MB Location: PACIFIC OCEAN Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170209-N-BL637-025 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There was no sound other than the engine of our speedboat, and was no one else around as we made our way through hundreds of beautiful islands.
Sitting at the nose of the vessel as it raced across the water, it was hard to believe so many people visit Indonesia without exploring its lesser-known spots.
I was travelling from Labuan Bajo in east Indonesia to Komodo Island to meet its 1,500 inhabitants – the famous 10ft prehistoric ‘dragons'.
The two-hour boat ride alone was worth the trip, but the island itself was incredible.
We nervously stepped off the boat onto the wooden jetty and saw deer on the sand (aka Komodo Dragon food).
Within seconds of beginning our two-hour trek we saw the first dragon. Slow, with stumpy legs and barely moving, it was a cross between a meaty lizard and a crocodile.
But it was huge. They lie still, bite when you least expect it, then stalk you until you die three hours later from the toxins in their deadly saliva.
“Has a tourist ever been killed by a dragon?”, I ask. “Not really,” a guide replies. Right.
Luckily, my group of six had three guides, each with a stick for protection. Walking through thick green forest, abundant with wildlife from boar to snakes and bizarre fluorescent snails, I knew we were off the beaten track because, shock horror, I didn't have a phone signal.
Crunching along the dusty tracks in the tropical heat, we met six more dragons, but we made it back to the boat in once piece.
After 20 minutes we reached another magical spot, Pink Beach. It really has pink sand and calm, clear waters. I'd never been snorkelling, which became obvious as I waded out inelegantly in my flippers.
Bobbing around face down in the sea, I opened my eyes and was blown away. Hundreds of shimmering fish, so many colours, raced around close enough to touch. There were huge blue starfish, eels and Nemos in the coral. There was a whole new world underwater, and now I'm hooked. I've even bought my own snorkel.
With 18,110 islands, 67,500 miles of beaches and lush rainforests, Indonesia's landscape varies wildly. And Borobudur in central Java was a whole new experience.
We stayed at the Plataran, and it's a good job the area is breathtaking, otherwise I'd never have left my infinity pool, nestled in the hillside, surrounded by exotic trees.
As I lolloped in the water, it began to rain and the sun went down. I listened to the sounds of the teak forest – birds, bugs, rustling leaves – as the warm rain lashed down on me, then the Muslim call to prayer began, with deep chants echoing through the hills.
The Plataran, which does a great Nasi Goreng (fried rice) for breakfast, is a 10-minute drive down papaya-lined tracks to the 8th century Borobudur temple, the world's biggest Buddhist monument and a great spot for the sunrise.
The 115ft high temple is covered in stupa – stone domes for meditation.
Once I'd navigated the steps, I arrived to a panoramic view of mountains and billowing volcanoes. Guide Ekko tells us Mount Merapi is “very active” and erupts roughly every six years. With a grin he adds “the last time was 2010”. The sun came up at 5.20am, and amid their selfie sticks, everyone admired the scene in silence.
(Photo: Perspectives)
It's easy to island hop with Indonesian national airline Garuda and a quick flight from Borobudur's nearest airport at Jogjakarta, takes you to Bali.
With glistening water and idyllic beaches, it's heaven if you want to kick back after a brush with a dragon.
Nusa Dua in the south has beautiful resorts and a peaceful vibe. I stayed at the fabulous Sadara. For something a bit more lively, Seminyak, 40 minutes away, can't be beaten.
New hotel the Katamama is very cool, with dark wood, mood lighting, artwork and books, and golf carts to take you around the grounds. Breakfast is wonderful too – with soft shell crab on toast the star of the show.
Next to the hotel is Potato Head Beach Club. A ridiculous name, but it's the place to be, with loungers by the sea and coconut cocktails. There's a pool looking onto the long, beautiful beach, with a bar in the water and music blasting out.
Up the beach is the Alila, where we ate a stunning meal of noodles, rice, grilled fish, butter fried prawns, roast lamb, beef and crab, washed down with coffee ice cream and wine. Seminyak is also great for haggling. Maybe not at its posh boutiques, but Oberoi market is full of great stuff, once you've figured out the baffling currency.
At the end of my week, I'd experienced just a litle of the wonderful variety Indonesia has to offer.
But there's so much left to explore here. I wonder where I'll use my snorkel next…
Meeting the locals
To experience local life, I visited Candirejo village, 15 minutes from Borobudur in central Java.
On a horse and cart we made our way through the streets – dodging chickens running free – as kids dashed out of their colourful homes to wave at us.
Across Indonesia, you hear the traditional music of gamelan, featuring an instrument called a metallophone. We joined a local lesson and I thought I did well, although the pained look on the face of the little boy next to me suggested otherwise.
I visited some fantastic old ladies making cassava crisps, and had tea at a village café. Heading back to Borobudur we stopped for Kopi Luwak – coffee made from, believe it or not, wild cat poo.
The luwak cat can't digest coffee beans so they come out in its droppings. They are washed, dried and roasted to make the world's most expensive coffee, with a surprisingly pleasant taste and aroma.
Choose wisely – pick an ethical café that really gets the beans from the wild, not from a farm. It was an eye-opening visit, and at the end of it I was pooped. To book a guided tour visit panorama-destination.com and contact the team.
Getting there
Garuda Indonesia airline has return fares from Heathrow to Jakarta from £423. Domestic island hopping packages start from £228 inc travel from Jakarta-Jogjakarta, Jogjakarta-Bali, Bali-Labuan Bajo, Labuan Bajo-Bali. Fares are valid until the end of March 2017.
garuda-indonesia.com
garuda-indonesia.com Panorama Destination offer tailor-made tour packages to Indonesia's islands from
$1,250pp not inc flights.
panorama-destination.com
TIME ZONE UK +7/+8hrs
CURRENCY Rupiah £1 = 16,756
BEST TIME TO GO Start of October – no schoolkids, great weather, just before rainy season
(Reuters) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 7:05 pm |
Joseph diGenova. (Screenshot)
U.S. President Donald Trump is beefing up his legal team with a lawyer who accuses the FBI and U.S. Justice Department of trying to frame Trump with false charges of colluding with Russia during the 2016 election campaign, possibly signaling a more aggressive drive to discredit Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
Washington lawyer Joseph diGenova will join the legal team later this week, according to attorney Jay Sekulow, who also represents Trump. DiGenova, a former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, did not respond to requests for comment.
diGenova has been a vocal proponent on right-wing media of what he calls a “brazen plot” by top Federal Bureau of Investigation and Justice Department officials to clear Hillary Clinton of alleged criminal conduct for storing classified materials on her private email server when she was secretary of state.
According to diGenova, when Clinton lost the 2016 presidential election to Trump, the senior officials, including former FBI Director James Comey, sought to ruin Trump with an investigation into possible collusion between his 2016 campaign and Russia.
“They tried to frame an incoming president with a false Russian conspiracy,” diGenova said in a January interview with the Daily Caller News Foundation. “They plotted to ruin him as a candidate and then destroy him as a president.
diGenova's allegations mirror those that Trump himself has frequently made on Twitter and in public comments.
The FBI launched a counter-intelligence investigation in July 2016 into contacts between Trump campaign associates and Russia.
In January 2017, the U.S. intelligence community concluded that the Kremlin conducted an influence operation of fake news, propaganda and other measures that was aimed at swaying the 2016 presidential vote to Trump.
Mueller was appointed special counsel in May 2017 to investigate possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. He also is probing possible obstruction of justice in the firings of Comey and former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Trump repeatedly has denounced the investigation as a “witch hunt.” Russia denies meddling in the election.
Trump's lead lawyer, John Dowd, on Saturday called for the Justice Department official overseeing Mueller to bring an end to the investigation.
In a series of tweets over the weekend, Trump accused the FBI leadership of lies and corruption.
The attacks led to warnings by Republicans to Trump on Sunday not to fire Mueller and to let investigators do their jobs.
White House lawyer Ty Cobb in a statement Sunday night said that Trump was “not considering or discussing” Mueller's firing.
diGenova and his wife, Victoria Toensing, are partners in the law firm diGenova and Toensing.
The firm represents other figures in the Russia probe, including Trump campaign aide Sam Clovis and former Trump legal team spokesman Mark Corallo, who recently spoke with investigators for Mueller.
The Peoples Democratic Party youths have asked the party's national chairman, Senator Ali Modu Sheriff, to apologise to former President Goodluck Jonathan for walking out on him at a stakeholders' meeting in Abuja last week.
The youths, under the aegis of the Almagamated PDP Youth Leaders Nationwide, stated this at a press briefing in Abuja on Wednesday.
They said it was an embarrassment for Sheriff to have walked out on Jonathan, who they described as the leader of the party.
Chairman of the group, Segun Aderemi, has now given Sheriff a 7-day ultimatum to tender an unreserved apology to Jonathan and other party leaders.
“We witnessed what happened that day when he walked out on the former President. Would Sheriff be happy if any member of the party embarrass him the way he embarrassed Jonathan that day?
“He has to tender an unreserved apology to the former President, the BoT and other leaders of the party.
“We insist he should tender an unreserved apology. We strongly believe that he is going to do the needful,” Aderemi said.
The former President, Goodluck Jonathan has convened a peace meeting between the Markafi and Sheriff factions of the party, which was chaired by the ex-president. The meeting had about four PDP governors in attendance, including the Chairman of the Board of Trustees (BoT), Senator Walid Jibrin and other notable chieftains.
Sheriff, who came into the Yar‘Adua Centre, venue of the meeting long after Jonathan, the governors and other prominent party chiefs had settled down, stormed out of the meeting at 4:25 p.m.
The party chairman disagreed with Jonathan on the meeting, saying he (Sheriff) remained the most senior member of the PDP and as such, a meeting of that nature ought to have been convened by him.
Sheriff was angered by Jonathan's refusal to allow him to address the meeting in his capacity as the national chairman of the party.
Meanwhile, the South-West caucus of the party, on Tuesday resolved to shut the doors of reconciliation against Sheriff.
The party, led by the governor of Ekiti State, Mr Ayodele Fayose, National Vice Chairman, South West, Eddy Olafeso and other notable leaders of the party, said the zone had foreclosed possibility of any reconciliation, even if summoned by former President Goodluck Jonathan, who is the party's leader.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A McDonald's has opened in the Vatican. It's open seven days a week, 6.30am to 11pm.
The restaurant is just metres away from St Peter's Square in a Vatican-owned building, 100 yards from the holy state, home of the Pope. McDonald's openings are a common thing – but this one has caused a bit of fuss.
The branch, which went unannounced by the company, and which has seen opposition from locals and members of the Catholic church, has been aptly dubbed "McVatican".
It was first reported by the Catholic Press Agency , but went unreported official Vatican newspaper, L'Osservatore Romano .
The Pope has not commented on the new McDonald's
(Photo: Getty Images)
According to Rome's La Repubblica newspaper, the Vatican will receive a monthly rent of 30,000 euros, and is situated on the ground floor of the building. Some cardinals – who say they weren't consulted on the McDonald's – live directly above the restaurant.
Cardinal Elio Sgreccia, president emeritus of the Pontifical Academy for Life, said that the 5,800 square feet McDoanld's was "aberrant" and "a perversion."
Sgreccia added that he believes no price is high enough to justify the "disgrace" of selling "unhealthy" food "that I would never eat".
"I repeat, selling mega-sandwiches in Borgo Pio is a disgrace," he said. "The area's needy ... and suffering, as the Holy Father teaches."
There have been protests outside the branch
The Vatican's real estate is controlled by the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See. It says it doesn't understand the commotion.
It's worth noting that there are two other McDonald's close to the Vatican. What makes this one different is that the building is owned by the state. There's a Burger King nearby too.
Mirror Online has contacted McDonald's for comment.
Five suspects were taken into custody during a search operation carried late Saturday night, near Mobina Town, police officials stated.
The suspects include street criminals and document forgers, Malir Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Rao Anwar explained, adding that weapons, mobile phones, cash and forged documents were recovered from them.
Meanwhile, two suspects were apprehended late night during a search operation here in Bilal Colony, the Superintendent of Police (SP) said.
The official mentioned that weapons and a motorcycle were recovered from the suspects, who are said to have been involved in street crimes.
In a police encounter in Block 6 of Gulshan-e-Iqbal, two suspects were arrested in a wounded state in what authorities say was a robbery attempt. Police added that weapons were seized from the suspects. Another search operation was conducted in the residential areas of the metropolis' Saddar locality, police officials said. The operation was carried out based on a tip alleging presence of criminals in the area, it was claimed.
Numerous, unnamed suspects were detained during a search operation carried out late Saturday night here in the surroundings of a truck stop in Maripur, police said.
The area's entry and exit points were sealed during the raid and a door-to-door search was conducted. On the other hand, Police recovered almost 70,000 litres of Iranian diesel from a trailer truck as they foiled an attempt to smuggle the fuel late Saturday night, SP Orangi Town Abid Ali Baloch said.
Following the raid, authorities took into custody the truck's driver and cleaner; however, Ismail , the owner, managed to escape arrest, Baloch commented, adding that a search is consequently under way to catch him.
One person was wounded during a random firing incident in Baldia Town's Moach Goth late Saturday night, rescue officials stated, adding that the man has been moved to Civil Hospital.—INP
Related
SALINE COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect after a weekend altercation with a shovel.
Just after 10p.m. Friday, deputies responded to the Kampgrounds of America, 1109 West Diamond Drive, after a man allegedly attacked a co-worker, according to Saline County Sheriff Roger Soldan.
A 19-year-old co-worker told deputies Israel Ortiz, 45, of Texas, was staying with the victim and another man at the campground. When Ortiz returned Friday night, the others were asleep in the trailer. According to Soldan, Ortiz became upset because they accidently locked him out.
When a co-worker let him in, Ortiz allegedly attacked the man shovel and fled before deputies arrived.
A deputy located Ortiz later at the Salina Petro, 2125 N. Ninth Street. He was arrested and booked into the Saline County Jail for aggravated battery.
The 19-year-old victim sustained minor injuries and refused medical treatment.
On A Scale Of 1 to 5, How Autonomous Is Your Car?
With the rise of self-driving cars, there's a need to define the "five levels of autonomy," referring to the gradual change from driver-assisted to fully automated cars.
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Now it's time for Words You'll Hear. That's where we try to understand stories we'll be hearing more about by parsing some of the words associated with them. Today, instead of a word, we have a phrase - the five levels of autonomy. And no, it is not the lecture you give to your offspring about when they're planning to move out. It's about cars, self-driving or autonomous cars. And with just about every major car company involved, the race to create a self-driving car that will appeal to the masses is on. NPR's Sonari Glinton joins us from NPR West in Culver City, Calif. to tell us more. Sonari, thanks for joining us. Happy New Year.
SONARI GLINTON, BYLINE: Happy New Year to you.
MARTIN: So I sure want to know what this phrase levels of autonomy means. But the reason we're talking about it, I take it, is that we're going to be hearing a lot about this at the Consumer Electronics Show later this week. Can you tell me more about that?
GLINTON: Well, the Consumer Electronics Show is where a lot of robots are going to be unleashed, and one of the things is robot cars or autonomous cars or self-driving cars. Now, the Society of Automotive Engineers created these levels. They have five levels. So level one would be a little bit of driver assistance, functions like steering wheel or cruise control or adaptive cruise control. And these levels go all the way up to level five, which is no steering wheel and you don't need to do anything. The car can come to you and pick you up and doesn't need you to go at all.
MARTIN: You know, I confess - and maybe this says something about me - that that seems scary to me. So I guess that, I mean - (laughter) you know, maybe that's the challenge for the carmakers - right? - is getting people like me to accept that idea.
GLINTON: Of course it is. I mean, that's - that is now their job. We understand that this technology will save lives. More than 36,000 people are likely to be killed on the roads related to automobiles in a year. We know that the driver is largely the problem. Ninety-four percent of those accidents are caused by drivers. Now, there are two approaches to easing us into this. One is the BMW approach, is the way I like to call it, and then the other is Tesla. BMW represents the sort of older school. We'll give you a little bit - a feature here, a feature there, let you feel comfortable. Adaptive cruise control, lane assist, those things, like building steps...
MARTIN: Parking assist.
GLINTON: Yeah, parking assist - building on top of each other so the idea that when it comes to take off the reins, you will be totally comfortable. Tesla's doing it in a completely different way, which is saying, well, let's get this technology into consumers' hands and let them test it out and tell us what they like and what they don't like and let them feel comfortable about it.
MARTIN: So why is the whole question of the five levels of autonomy an important concept?
GLINTON: Everyone needs to know what is expected of the vehicle and what is expected of the driver. A level zero car requires you to put your hands on the steering wheel, your eyes on the road, your foot on the gas in - to move the car. A level four will require a little bit less, but it's still going to require you to be attentive and around. You still are going to have a role for some years to come when it comes to autonomous vehicles.
MARTIN: And what approach have government regulators taken so far toward this whole question of levels of autonomy? And do you foresee that changing?
GLINTON: The Department of Transportation under the Obama administration has said we've adopted these five levels of autonomy. We see this as a way to go. And we want to regulate this industry. You won't be able to bring a car to market unless, essentially, the Department of Transportation has a say-so over it. Now, there is some ambiguity about what will happen in the next administration, but this is essentially where the industry wants to go. Not just the carmakers, but the car industry around the globe is moving towards autonomous vehicles.
MARTIN: That's NPR's Sonari Glinton. He covers the auto industry, among other things, and he was kind enough to join us from NPR West in Culver City, Calif. Sonari, thank you so much for joining us. Happy New Year to you.
GLINTON: Happy New Year. It's always a pleasure.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
LAHORE, Dec 11 (APP):A National Transmission and Dispatch Company (NTDC) spokesman said here Monday that the registration of a first information report (FIR) against its engineers and officials by the Sindh government would delay completion of energy projects under the China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC).
The spokesman, in a statement, said the company was to withdraw all of its manpower working on important transmission lines for CPEC coal-based Port Qasim Project in wake of threats and registration of the FIR. The work would also be suspended on important projects due to harassing of the officers/officials of NTDC by the Sindh Police, he added.
He said the Police Station Dhabeji had registered the FIR on behalf of Government of Sindh through Mukhtiarkar (Tehsildar) Taulqa Mirpur Sakro against the installation of towers of 500 kV Double Circuit Quad Bundle Transmission Line from Port Qasim Power Plant which was energized after day and night efforts of the NTDC staff on November 2, 2017.
The recently completed transmission line would evacuate power from 1320 MW Port Qasim Coal Power Plant and help eliminate load-shedding from interior Sindh, he said and added that the Sindh government was fully aware of the installation of towers in the area and ongoing activities of NTDC engineers.
He mentioned that Secretary Power Division also made telephone contact with the Chief Secretary Sindh when it was initially reported some two weeks ago that the Sindh Government was going to take action against NTDC officials. However, he asked the Chief Secretary Sindh for amicable solution due to the importance of the project.
The Secretary Power Division also made a request to the Sindh Chief Minister during the Pak-China JCC on the same issue. However, regretfully, the provincial government instead of taking into account the importance of CPEC project and requests by the Secretary Power Division unilaterally decided to register the FIR, he maintained.
The spokesman said the NTDC engineers were completing projects of grid stations and transmission lines in difficult terrains throughout the country on war footings.
By CRISTINA JANNEY
Hays Post
The Hays City Commission heard a report Thursday night on a bid to replace concrete on the Fort Hays Municipal Golf Course cart paths.
Jeff Boyle, parks director, is proposing concrete replacement for the back-nine cart paths. The current paths were installed in 1998.
Morgan Brothers Construction of La Crosse has submitted the low bid of $100,000. The repairs are being paid for through trail fees from all members and nonmembers who use their own carts on the paths.
Mayor Shaun Musil asked why staff was not doing the project.
“It is a continual process that we had so many projects going on that we can't get enough people focused and concentrated on that job long enough to get it done, to be truthful about it,” Boyle said. “We have a lot of golfers who are concerned at this point that they are spending this money every year for cart path trail fees and not enough is getting done. That is why we are asking for this money.”
The work is anticipated to start in January and be completed by May 15.
Specific holes might have to be temporarily closed during construction, but Boyle said the complete back nine will not have to be closed while the work is being done. Players will be allowed to drive the fairway during the work.
Two smaller areas along hole 17 and the path back to the cart shed will still need to be repaired and will be done as the funds become available.
Text For A Chance To Win A pair of tickets to Florida Georgia Line: Smooth Tour with Nelly, Chris Lane, and Moran Wallen on Saturday Oct 14, 2017 at Coral Sky Amphitheatre
Listen all weekend long and when you hear the cue to text on the 10's… text in that keyword to 9-6-7-5-0 for your shot at winning.
Good Luck!
CLICK HERE TO ENTER ONLINE
CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE RULES
The College of the Holy Cross has announced that it will keep the "Crusaders" as its moniker and mascot, following months of debate regarding whether or not the term was appropriate.
After meeting on Saturday, the Board of Trustees for the Worcester college announced its decision to keep the moniker.
"While we acknowledge that the Crusades were among the darkest periods in Church history, we choose to associate ourselves with the modern definition of the word crusader, one which is representative of our Catholic, Jesuit identity and our mission and values as an institution and community," College President Rev. Philip L. Boroughs and Board Chair John J. Mahoney wrote in a statement.
"We are not simply crusaders, we are Holy Cross Crusaders," the statement continued.
A video message from Boroughs and Mahoney is posted on the college website.
In addition to reaffirming that the Crusader will remain the college's moniker, the Board is asking the college administration to assess "how the visual representation of a Holy Cross Crusader can best align with the College's mission and values," the statement reads.
Holy Cross began using the Crusader name in 1920, according to the college. It was first used in reference to the school's athletic teams.
In an email to students and faculty, Boroughs and Mahoney wrote that the Holy Cross community has defined what it means to be a Crusader.
"In 1925, our students chose the moniker 'Crusader' to represent them," the email read. "The literal definition of the word, 'one who is marked by the cross of Christ,' was appropriate for our institution's Jesuit and Catholic intellectual and spiritual tradition."
The mascot has helped promote a sense of campus pride. But it has also caused some to hesitate and examine its place on campus in today's social and political atmosphere.
Some alumni said a change in the moniker could lead to a drop in alumni donations.
Matt Apicella, who graduated from Holy Cross in 2016 with a history major, said he hoped the school wouldn't ditch the Crusader name.
"I really hope they don't change the mascot as I believe it will have a negative impact on the College...I believe alumni will voice their opposition to a change with their wallets," said Apicella, who resides in Mountainside, New Jersey. "Also, the definition of a crusader in the dictionary is someone who fights for just causes and many alumni take the great education they receive at HC and use it for good in the world. They are crusaders for society."
Merriam-Webster Dictionary defines "crusade" as "a remedial enterprise undertaken with zeal and enthusiasm."
Matt Mullaney, a 2011 Holy Cross graduate who was a double major in Economics and Accounting and Classics, said dropping the Crusader moniker would stop him from donating in the future.
In a letter sent to the working group and Boroughs that was shared with MassLive, Mullaney debated why a debate about the moniker sprung up after nearly 100 years of use.
"For close to 100 years, thousands of students have enthusiastically applied to Holy Cross with a desire to Bleed Purple and become a part of 'Sader Nation,'" Mullaney, who lives in Morristown, New Jersey, wrote in part of his four-page letter. "Yet, ironically, these same people are now demanding that the mascot and moniker be changed for the sake of cultural and religious sensitivity. Since the Crusader was chosen as the College's mascot/moniker in 1920, what has changed? In other words, why is the 'Crusader' offensive today, versus say ten, twenty, fifty years ago?"
Opponents say that the term Crusaders has links to the crusades of the Middle Ages when Christians embarked on violent military expeditions to reclaim the Holy Land from Muslims.
It is also the name of a Ku Klux Klan newspaper.
Ahead of the college's decision, Holy Cross' student newspaper announced on Friday that it was changing its name from "The Crusader" to "The Spire."
In changing its name, the students did not consider the fact that the 93-year-old paper shared its name with the little-circulated KKK publication. Rather, the paper's editorial board wanted to make sure the publication best represented the Holy Cross community.
"The Spire" pays homage to the distinctive spires of Fenwick Hall, Holy Cross' main building and oldest structure, which is at the center of campus. Its first edition will be published Feb. 9.
Students on the newspaper's editorial board made the decision independently of college administration.
The paper was first named "The Tomahawk" and changed its name to "The Crusader" in 1955, according to a news release.
"Holy Cross' crusader, as a motif and concept, has been synonymous with the school since 1925, when it was adopted as its official symbol," the student newspaper wrote. "Men and women have been proud to call themselves Holy Cross Crusaders for nearly a century. The decision to break with that tradition, then, was not taken lightly or hastily."
Boroughs commended the student newspaper for making a decision reflective of research and open dialogue.
Questions about if the Crusader moniker was appropriate began in 2016 when a committee was charged with coordinating and summarizing a discussion the name of Mulledy Hall. The name was in memory of Holy Cross founder Rev. Thomas F. Mulledy, S.J. His ties to slavery prompted consideration of renaming the building.
Boroughs eventually decided to rename the building Brooks-Mulledy. That preserved Fr. Mulledy's role in Holy Cross history but added the name of former president Rev. John E. Brooks, S.J., whose legacy was his dedication to increasing Holy Cross's diversity, according to the college.
As the campus community began to examine the Crusader moniker and mascot, Boroughs asked a working group to begin a discussion in the fall. Students, faculty and alumni were asked: In what ways do you think the Crusader moniker and mascot are appropriate, or inappropriate, representations of the College, given our mission, values and identity?
After an 8-week response period that ended in November, the group compiled the results, which were presented to Boroughs. More than 1,800 responses were received and two public forums were held on campus, according to Holy Cross.
That led up to the Saturday decision by the Board of Trustees.
Members of the working group to examine the moniker were: Dan Kim, the vice president for communications, chair; Tess Andrekus, '18, officer of diversity for the Student Government Association; Brian Duggan, '96, president of the Holy Cross Alumni Association and member of the Board of Trustees; Kristyn Dyer, '94, director of alumni relations; Paul Harman, S.J., director of special projects in mission; Ed O'Donnell, '86, professor of history; Marcellis Perkins, '19, member of the men's Basketball team; Rose Shea, '87, associate director of athletics; and Brenda Hounsell Sullivan, the director of office of student involvement, assistant dean.
A small group of Springfield and Boston student activists gathered outside Smith and Wesson headquarters on Roosevelt Avenue Wednesday afternoon to offer to take company CEO P. James Debney to prom and, not incidentally, to discuss gun violence.
The Pioneer Valley Project made its second attempt to meet with Debney. It had gone to the gun manufacturer's headquarters April 24. Debney did not meet with them then, either.
Paul Lumpkin is a 6th-grader at Chestnut Accelerated Middle School in Springfield and a member of the Pioneer Valley Project. He said he wants to put an end to gun violence so he can concern himself with getting an education.
"I don't want to go to school worrying about if someone will kill me instead of worrying about what my grades will look like," he said.
Paul's older sister, Key-Aurah, a 7th-grader, agreed that school safety is the prime reason students need to speak out.
"A classroom is a place where we are supposed to feel safe," she said. "If we can't feel safe there what are we supposed to do?"
The eight activists who gathered in front of Smith and Wesson crossed Roosevelt Avenue to enter the visitor's center at the company's front gates. There they signed in with security personnel and were politely, but firmly, asked to leave the property.
The Pioneer Valley Project is a Springfield-based grassroots organization dedicated to building, "collective power for racial and economic justice."
This time the PVP was joined by members of the Boston-based B-Peace for Jorge, a youth group created by the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts.
B-Peace for Jorge was created after Jorge Fuentes, a 19-year-old soon-to-be-Marine was gunned down on a Dorchester street while walking his dog.
Fuentes had grown up in the church and become a mentor for youth through various Episcopalian organizations he was involved with.
When he was shot and killed, then-Bishop Thomas Shaw convened a group of clergy and laymen to find ways for the church to take meaningful action to address violence in the community. That became the Jorge Fuentes Antiviolence Task Force, or B-Peace for Jorge which joins the programs he worked with, B-Safe and B-Ready.
Central High School senior Johemy Vilchez said gun violence has not hit her, her family but that is not a reason to not take action.
"On the Mother's Day just passed someone was shot in front of one of my friend's house and it was very gruesome and very traumatic. It should stop and we want to find a solution and that is why we are here today."
3 Terror Groups were Operating Right under Senegal's Nose
As Senegal awaits rulings in the cases of 29 people recently tried on terrorism-related charges, evidence that came out during the trials is making many people in the country uneasy. Abdou Khader Cisse, a journalist with a popular Senegalese news outlet has been covering this issue for the past several years, told VOA that, “This trial opened the eyes of many Senegalese who have been living in denial, and who kept saying that this country never hosted terrorists.” The defendants are Senegalese jihadists accused of working with and fighting for terrorist groups in other African countries. Security analysts say the country's involvement in peacekeeping missions in countries such as Mali, a hotbed for radical groups, has made Senegal susceptible to sympathisers within their own borders.
SOURCES: VOA
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- The Jacksonville Jaguars have re-signed fourth-year nose tackle Abry Jones to a four-year contract, the team announced Wednesday.
The deal is worth $16 million, a league source told ESPN's Adam Caplan. The source also said the contract includes a guarantee of $6.5 million.
"I'm excited to be back with the Jaguars after earning a spot on the team four years ago," Jones said via statement. "Coach Wash (Todd Washington) has believed in me since day one and I'm looking forward to what the future holds with him continuing as my defensive coordinator. I'm also glad to be back with my teammates and we're even hungrier this year to improve as a unit and as a team. I'm going to celebrate this incredible opportunity with my family and friends and then it's time to get back to work."
The 25-year-old Jones took over as the starter for the final nine games of 2016 after Roy Miller suffered a torn Achilles. Jones finished the season with 32 tackles (four for loss) and one batted pass.
Jones signed as an undrafted rookie free agent in April 2013 and played in eight games that season. The following year he appeared in all 16 of the Jaguars' games, making two starts, and finished with 39 tackles, three sacks and a forced fumble.
In 2015, he recorded 16 tackles, two sacks and a forced fumble in 15 games.
"Abry is an example of a player who has taken advantage of every practice and every snap and we are pleased to have him back in a Jaguars uniform in 2017," said Jaguars General Manager Dave Caldwell. "He is a tough, versatile player who brings a lot of value and flexibility to our defensive line. When Abry stepped in as the starter this season, he made an immediate impact and attacked the role head-on. He has earned everything he has achieved since joining the team as a UDFA in 2017 and he continues to improve each season. We are excited for him and his family to enjoy this moment and we look forward to his continued success moving forward."
Jones' play last season showed that he can handle the starting job and might make the 30-year-old Miller expendable. Even if the Jaguars keep Miller -- who is due a $400,000 roster bonus on March 13 and is scheduled to make $3.64 million in 2017 -- and he continues to play as well as he did before he was hurt, Jones has shown he can handle a bigger load.
Miller has been the starting nose tackle for four seasons and played well, but he turned 30 in July and has had knee issues that required surgery following the 2014 season to repair meniscus damage.
The University of Waterloo and Wilfrid Laurier University are flying the local colours at this week's Canadian University/College golf championship at the Chilliwack Golf Club in Chilliwack, B.C.
The tournament, in its 16th year, was established by Golf Canada in 2003 to give the country's top university and college golfers a chance to compete at a national championship.
Waterloo is competing in the 20-team men's event and also has an entry in the 12-team women's competition.
Wilfrid Laurier is competing in the men's tournament, which last year was won by Université Laval Rouge et Or. The University of British Columbia Thunderbirds won the women's competition for the second straight year.
CHARSADDA, Oct 6 (APP): Former federal interior minister Aftab Ahmed Khan Sherpao, welcoming the recent visit of the Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Qamar Javed Bajwa to Afghanistan, Friday said it would help ease out tension between the two neighboring countries.
Addressing a public meeting here Sherpao, who also head Qaumi Watan Party, said that the proposed visit of the Afghan President Ashraf Ghani to Pakistan would help in resolving the issues between Pakistan and Afghanistan.
He said that all the political parties should keep interest of their country supreme, keeping in view the prevailing diplomatic relations with India and Afghanistan.
He said that it was our responsibility to make CPEC successful as it was a gigantic project between the two countries and added that future of Pakistan was linked with it.
The QWP chief said that the line drawn by the British rulers in this part of the sub-continent would be eliminated by merging Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) into Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The people of FATA have raised concern over the unnecessary delay in merger of the tribal areas into the KP.
He said the PTI government had failed to protect rights of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the chief minister expressed the same in his public meetings.
Imran Khan was least interested in resolution of the problems of the province and instead spent maximum time in Nathigali on excursion trips.
Related Coverage State Police Detectives investigate fatal officer-involved shooting
SUFFIELD, Conn (WTNH) – State Police have identified the suspect shot and killed by a Suffield Police Officer on Thursday, April 13th.
According to investigators, the victim is 57-year-old Thomas Gezotis, of West Springfield, Massachusetts. The name of the officer involved is still being withheld.
Related: State Police Detectives investigate fatal officer-involved shooting
The shooting happened last Thursday afternoon during a traffic stop. An incident occurred during that stop, and the officer fired the least one round, hitting Gezotis. Gezotis was transported to the hospital, where he later died.
Detectives from the Central District Major Crime are now leading the investigation. Anyone with information, is asked to contact 860-534-1000, or text TIP711 and any information to 274637.
Alyssa McConkey
2018 marks the 15th year of the Loveland Garden Tour & Art Show. This event, which demonstrates the beauty and benefits of sustainable gardening, will be held on Saturday, June 23, 8:00 a.m. – 2:00 p.m.
The tour features the Elegant Functional Gardens of The Springs at Mariana, a sale of “art for the garden” and a silent auction of an eclectic assortment of household items to enhance outdoor living spaces, created by local and regional artists.
Proceeds from this event benefit Loveland Youth Gardeners, a local non-profit organization, which provides educational programs for youth ages 5-21 and fresh produce for low-income residents in our community through the “Plant a Row for the Hungry” program.
Tickets are now available online at www.LovelandYouthGardeners.org and at the gardens on the day of the tour. Ticket/Guidebook Combo available at the following locations from May 1 – June 22:
Loveland:
Loveland Youth Gardeners
Loveland Garden Center
Fort Collins:
Fort Collins Nursery
Cash or check only at the ticket outlets.
Credit cards will be accepted online.
$15 Advance Purchase (ticket only); $18 Day of Tour
$18 Advance Purchase (ticket/guidebook combo); $21 Day of Tour
Ages 12 and under free
For further information, please visit our website: www.LovelandYouthGardeners.org or contact Executive Director, Alyssa McConkey, alyssa@LovelandYouthGardeners.org, 970-669-7182
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 7:54 pm |
Christie Beefs Up Security After Manhattan Blast
TRENTON – Gov. Chris Christie ordered additional security at New Jersey's mass transit hubs Monday after the NYC subway bomb, The Associated Press reported. He said that every law enforcement asset is coordinating with federal and New York agencies.
More Lake-Effect Snow Coming for Upstate NY
BUFFALO – More lake-effect snow is likely from Lake Erie's eastern end to parts of northern New York after a weekend storm buried the Buffalo area, The Associated Press reported. The National Weather Service says winter storm watches are in effect through Wednesday.
School District Settles Disability Bias Claim
NORTH PLAINFIELD, N.J. – The North Plainfield school district paid a former employee $35,000 for firing her for “job abandonment” when she missed three weeks due to gallbladder surgery, The Associated Press reported. The district must also update its policies concerning medical leave.
Town's Ban on Gas-Powered Leaf Blowers Heads to Court
MAPLEWOOD, N.J. – The town of Maplewood's ban on gas-powered leaf blowers that passed in April is heading to court, NJ.com reported. An industry association calls the ban costly and discriminatory since it doesn't apply to residents or even the town itself.
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
South Korea's trade surplus remained in the black for the 66th month in a row in July amid brisk outbound shipments, customs data showed Tuesday.The country's trade surplus came to $10.3 billion last month, slightly down from a surplus of $10.7 billion tallied a month earlier, according to the data from the Korea Customs Service.Asia's fourth-largest economy has posted a monthly trade surplus since February 2012.It logged $6.7 billion in trade surplus with Southeast Asian countries in July, including a surplus with Vietnam worth $2.4 billion, while it posted an excess of $3 billion in trade with China, its largest trading partner.Trade with the United States recorded a surplus of $1.6 billion, down from $1.8 billion tallied a year ago, amid the Seoul government's efforts to reduce its surplus with the world's largest economy.The country's exports have been on a roll since November last year on the back of growing overseas demand for Korean-made semiconductors, petrochemical products and vehicles.In July, exports jumped 19.5 percent on-year to $48.8 billion, while imports also rose 15.5 percent on-year to $38.6 billion. (Yonhap)
After high school, the twins shifted their priorities to focus on forging an independent music career that led to successful songs like "Walking with a Ghost" and "Back in Your Head" in the mid-2000s.
It wasn't until years later, after the election of former U.S. president Barack Obama, that Quin believes she was "re-invigorated around queer politics." She saw awareness of LGBTQ rights in the mainstream dominated almost entirely by the conversation over marriage equality in the United States.
"I worried that once that was secured no one would pay attention to all the other issues — and that's exactly what happened," she said.
Producing a mainstream pop album offered the sisters an opportunity to use the platform as a bullhorn for queer issues and LGBTQ causes that didn't have as flashy of a narrative as marriage.
While their identities didn't play an overt role in lush pop hits like 2013's "Closer" and "I Was a Fool," suddenly they were thrust into the conversation about queer identity — an opportunity they took on wholeheartedly.
"We can't judge everyone else for letting go of the fight, we have to keep promoting the fight," Quin said.
"It's not a phase, it's just part of my life."
After U.S. President Donald Trump was elected in 2016, they created the Tegan and Sara Foundation to raise money for various LGBTQ issues and organizations. Right now, they're focused on gathering donations to help send 100 kids to LGBTQ summer camps in the U.S. and Canada.
But despite the duo's activism, they've yet to write any songs with an overt political bent — whether it's about Trump or Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
"I'm not envious of people putting out albums right now because there is such a desire to be political," Quin said.
"I don't feel like writing political music because my life is so political. Music is where I go to retreat, not to go deeper into the hellhole I see around me all the time."
While Tegan and Sara have plenty of opinions about Trump, some which they shared when they launched the LGBTQ foundation, Quin said she believes too much attention is being dedicated to blaming the president for bigger social problems.
"To me it's not really about him — it's about humanity and what he brings out," she said.
These days, Quin and her sister are feeling nostalgic for another time. They're working on a memoir that will reflect on memories of growing up in the 1990s, before they embarked on serious music careers.
"Our childhood wasn't always easy," Quin said, "but there was something extremely cool about the time we came up in — the music, culture and specifically the group of people we were involved with."
They hope to pair the book with a podcast that incorporates music — though it won't be new songs from Tegan and Sara, Quin promises.
The sisters are on a songwriting break, at least for now, she added.
The hope is that'll give them both enough time to focus on charity work as they plow into uncharted territory for LGBTQ musicians.
"I love our career," she said. "We are in our own lane."
Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
By David Friend, The Canadian Press
Police are warning people to be on their guard during the festive shopping season, as fraudsters take advantage of those full of the festive spirit.
Independent crime-fighting charity, Crimestoppers, is appealing to the public for information on those making, buying or selling counterfeit banknotes.
In the first half of 2017, over 237,000 worthless counterfeit banknotes with a notional value of over £4.88 million were removed from the UK's streets.
While less than 1 per cent of notes in circulation are counterfeit, this is not a victimless crime. Many retailers, businesses, school, charities and the elderly have been conned out of money using fake notes.
Christmas is a time when more cash changes hands, especially £20 and £50 notes, and fraudsters take advantage of the festive season by targeting busy shops with temporary staff.
Incidents include scammers tricking innocent members of the public into swapping fake £20 notes for two genuine £10 notes, and businesses being left out of pocket if they take a counterfeit note.
Serious business
Counterfeit notes are also known to be linked to serious and organised criminal gangs. One gang was sentenced to over three years' imprisonment for the manufacture of £320,000 worth of fake notes. In another more recent case, three men were prosecuted after £40,000 of fake notes were found in a Kent property that was also used to supply cannabis.
As well as raising public awareness of fake banknotes, in October Crimestoppers partnered with the Bank of England to launch the Banknote Checking Scheme. Aimed at cash-handling businesses, it promotes banknote checking at point of sale through targeted training, with the aim of reducing the number of counterfeit notes being accepted.
Further information on fake notes can be found on Crimestoppers' web page at fakenotes.co.uk.
Director of Operations for Crimestoppers, Roger Critchell, said: “Fake notes are completely worthless and knowingly holding or passing on counterfeit notes is a crime”.
“The purpose of this campaign is to raise awareness of counterfeit money, especially around Christmas when money can be tight, but also to highlight how heartless and callous fraudsters can be when targeting their victims”.
“I'd ask that anyone with information on those selling counterfeit notes contact Crimestoppers anonymously, safe in the knowledge no one will know you spoke to us, and knowing you may have prevented someone's Christmas from being ruined.”
Ben Crosland, Senior Manager of Banknote Engagement and Communications at the Bank of England, said: “The general public play an important role when it comes to reporting counterfeit currency. Campaigns like this and the recently launched Banknote Checking Scheme, are essential to encourage the public and businesses to help us and law enforcement stop the counterfeiters.”
If you have information on those making, selling or buying counterfeit notes then please contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through our Anonymous Online Form at crimestoppers-uk.org/give-info.
A fixed deposit of less than Rs1 crore for a period of 1 to 2 years will now fetch an interest rate of 6.65% as against 6.40% earlier. Photo: Mint
$50 billion
What is it? The targeted size of bilateral trade between India and Indonesia by 2025. It was $18.13 billion in 2017.
Why is it important? In Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit official visit to Indonesia, the two countries have signed 15 agreements in sectors including defence, science, health, railways and technology. They also pledged to step up defence and maritime cooperation and have planned to develop a strategic Indonesian naval port in the Indian Ocean. India is in a bind as Indonesia is seeking its support to become a non-permanent member of the UN Security Council though the former has consistently supported Maldives for this so far. The voting is scheduled for next week.
Tell me more: India also announced a 30-day free visa for Indonesian citizens to visit India.
Rs550 crore
What is it? The amountthe National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) has ordered Reliance Communications (RCom) to pay Ericsson by the end of September.
Why is it important? This is a part of NCLAT's Wednesday order after the debt-laden firm reached a settlement with the Swedish telecom gearmaker. The order has halted RCom's 270-day insolvency process and also, allowed RCom's lenders to complete the sale of the telcom firm's wireless assets including airwaves and mobile masts to Reliance Jio Infocomm in a deal that is reportedly worth $3.8 billion.
Tell me more: Ericsson, which had signed a seven-year agreement in 2014 to manage and operate RCom's nationwide telecom network, had filed an insolvency petition against the latter to claim around Rs1,600 crore in dues.
15-20%
What is it? The percentage of total funding the central government is looking to provide to states for key school schemes in the form of incentives and on the basis of performance.
Why is it important? This step is aimed at helping states improve their school education system and will depend on the measures taken by them including teaching-learning outcome and rationalisation in teacher deployment. Surveys by NGO Pratham and that by a state government point to low reading/understanding skills and the inability to solve math problems at the basic level by many children in both government and private schools.
Tell me more: The overall student-teacher ratio is 1:27 compared to the required 1:30 under the Right to Education Act. The Indian government will spend Rs34,000 crore under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan, which clubs key schemes.
7.3%
What is it? The projected growth rate of the Indian economy in 2018, according to Moody's FInancial Services, a ratings firm.
Why is it important? The current growth projection is lower than Moody's earlier projection of 7.5% growth in 2018. Higher crude oil prices and tighter financial conditions are cited as reasons for downgrade in the growth rate. Between 1 April and 28 May this year, crude oil prices (Indian basket) have increased by $12.15 a barrel, or 19%.
Tell me more: For every $10/ barrel increase in crude oil price, India's GDP growth is reduced by 0.15%, according to an earlier estimate by the Reserve Bank of India.
25 basis points
What is it? The increase in retail fixed deposit rates for tenure between 1 and 2 years by India's largest commercial bank, the State Bank of India (SBI).
Why is it important? The increase shows fading of demonetisation benefits, which brought in record deposits into the banking system from November 2016. Now with credit growing at a faster rate than increase in deposits, the state-run SBI has felt the need to increase the retail deposit rates for select tenures.
Tell me more: Increase in retail deposit rate is likely to increase the benchmark Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate (MCLR), which the SBI will release on Friday. SBI had increased MCLR in March by 10-20 basis points (one basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point).
howindialives.com is a search engine for public data
“We live in a big land separated by mountains, prairies, and rivers — separated sometimes by language, sometimes the colour of the skin and religion,” Chrétien said.
One day after the Yonge St. van attack that left 10 people dead and 14 injured, the former prime minister said despite the “sad” and “terrible” events, he was heartened by how Torontonians have reacted.
Grits gathered Tuesday night for Economic Development Minister Steven Del Duca's nomination meeting in the new riding of Vaughan-Woodbridge, where Chrétien struck a reflective tone.
Emotions were high as about 1,000 Liberals rallied in Vaughan with former prime minister Jean Chrétien.
“We are all together in good times, in bad times. In days like yesterday, all the people of Toronto came together,” said the man who governed from 1993 until 2003.
At the packed Montecassino Place Banquet Hall, Del Duca urged attendees to “pause and reflect” on Monday's horrific events.
“It is so important for communities … to come together,” the minister said, appealing to the crowd to help.
“If you're able and willing, help donate blood to the cause,” he said, pointing out signs placed throughout the hall directing people on how to donate blood to Sunnybrook hospital and Canadian Blood Services.
Despite public-opinion polls suggesting Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford could topple Premier Kathleen Wynne's Liberals in the June 7 election, Del Duca implored supporters to work hard.
“There are ebbs and flows to every campaign, there are ups and downs,” said Del Duca, praising Wynne for helping deliver the subway extension to Vaughan as well as a new hospital, while also raising the minimum wage to $14 an hour while also delivering free tuition for hundreds of thousands of college and university students.
Chrétien also touted the premier, who has been in office since 2013.
“She has shown a lot of courage in front of very difficult files,” he said.
But not everyone was in Vaughan to boost the governing party
Outside the hall, several hundred members of LiUNA Local 183 protested labour changes in last month's budget bill that open up some of the work sites to unionized carpenters.
They also demonstrated Monday morning at Queen's Park.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A footballer claims he was taunted by fans and fellow players who him branded a 'Psycho' after he opened up about his mental health problems.
Brave David Cox, 28, claims he was mocked about 'slitting his wrists' after his admissions and has called on authorities to act and treat the abuse in the same way they deal with racism.
The Scottish League striker - who currently plays for Cowdenbeath - told Radio Scotland he was abused after revealing he had self harmed and attempted suicide.
He said that after sharing his story, abuse ramped up on the pitch as opposing players and fans grasped hold of it.
(Image: BBC)
He said: "I had fans shouting on the pitch to me shortly after I did my story, 'go and hang yourself and do it right this time'.
"I've had other players mentioning me slitting my wrists and stuff.
"You get the fans that come in and pay their money, they say what they want and then they go home and forget about it and I'm the one that it affects.
He added: "Maybe after a bad tackle, or if it's been rough and stuff like that, [they'd say] 'watch your wrists wee man, oh, I better not wind you up cos you're a psycho'."
However Cox said the same players then contacted him after the game to apologise - and even reveal how mental health problems have affected their lives.
(Image: Stirling Observer)
And he added that while people may not regard mental health as an illness as you can't physically see it, it doesn't mean it's not there.
Last month rugged defender Carlisle Clarke opened up on the chance encounter that helped save his life as he battled depression.
In an often emotional interview the former Burnley, Leeds and Stoke man revealed how he thought his family 'would be better off without him' despite being reported missing by his worried wife.
But when he was recognised by a passerby, the pundit was persuaded to phone his wife Carrie and accept help - and he believes that kind gesture got him on the road to recovery.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
Clarke Carlisle becomes a father to baby girl months after being reported missing by wife
The 38-year-old sportsman suffers from depression and has previously attempted suicide.
Talking on Radio City's Mental Health Marathon , with his newborn daughter Beau and Carrie joining him in the studio, Carlisle revealed how he was saved by a simple act of kindness.
"My story flies in the face of what you tell yourself when you're in a state of depression," he said.
"I was so sure no one cared about me and everyone would be better off without me. But there was my wife and my family desperately searching for me and the call went out to try and find me.
"Then there's a guy driving past - well not even driving as he got his mate to stop - he got out and said to me 'Clarke, you know your family are worried about you'. I'm concerned about you.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
"Then he just put his arm around me. He just sat with me.
"In this day and age when you think no one has time for anyone, here's this guy who lost a friend the week before.
"After thinking that he saw me, he said he just couldn't drive on by and not know whether it was me.
"We do have their details and we'd like to speak to them when the time is right.
"But I can't wait to give that guy a hug."
And Carlisle said that returning to the scene of one of his lowest points has aided his recovery.
"This is the first time I've been back since the 'park bench' incident," he told Radio City Talk.
"It could have been really emotional to come back, but it follows a theme in our lives. We are revisiting places so they hold no fear for us.
"Coming back today in a positive way ends the journey that I was on the last time here and it makes today a very good day."
(Image: @bbc5live/Twitter)
'Prince Harry helped me through my depression' reveals ex-Arsenal defender Emmanuel Eboue
Last year Clarke become a father with the former Burnley defender welcoming his newly-born daughter into the world.
The 38-year-old's daughter is named Beau Angel Carlisle, weighing in at six pounds and 12 ounces.
His wife Carrie said on social media: "The staff at Royal Preston Hospital were amazing in the face of what turned out to be a dramatic entrance when our little girl arrived very blue and with her chord wrapped around her neck.
"Just one more daily miracle from our wonderful NHS."
'A phone call to Clarke Carlisle saved my life': Former footballer opens up about reaching brink of suicide
“Our baby is amazing," Carrie said BBC Radio 5 live Daily. "We are utterly stunned by the whole experience. We are massively thankful for the tireless efforts of the Lancashire NHS Trust who have been absolutely incredible to us this year”
Carlisle is now fronting The Clarke Carlisle Foundation for Dual Diagnosis in order to better advance the discussion surrounding mental health.
Former Norwich City player Cedric Anselin has recently come out in tribute to Carlisle, stating that a phone call to him saved his life.
If you're struggling to cope with mental health issues, there are ways you can access help.
Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org.
Jordan Roy-Byrne: Recapping Monthly Close for Gold, Silver, GDX Video – Korelin Report
Jordan Roy-Byrne joins me today to look at the monthly charts now that we are wrapping up January. We look at gold, silver and GDX. Gold is trading at the top of its recent range but GDX and silver are still stuck mostly in the middle of their ranges.
Sharing is caring!
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
By Wednesday night, Heather Reymunde had made it home from a brief scare at Marywood University and thought of a friend who didn't a decade ago.
Reymunde and Jeremy Herbstritt became close friends during their undergraduate years at Penn State, studying civil engineering. They studied together twice a week. After graduation, Reymunde went to work in Phoenix before coming to Marywood to study dietetics.
Herbstritt went to Virginia Tech. He died April 16, 2007, one of 32 victims of a gunman who stormed the Blacksburg campus in what was then labeled the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history — a blood-soaked distinction supplanted Sunday with 58 dead at a country music festival in Las Vegas.
Sitting in class Wednesday in Marywood's O'Neill Center for Healthy Families, students around her started receiving text messages from friends that something was wrong on campus. She did not learn what until later in the evening.
“Nobody really knew what was going on, and I think that was the scariest part for me,” Reymunde, 34, said.
Within minutes of the first report, Dunmore police, the campus security and other law enforcement agencies apprehended a man they say showed a loaded firearm to another student at a science building not far from Reymunde and had a disassembled AR-15, 200 rounds of ammunition, body armor, medical supplies and a police radio in his truck parked nearby. That student, Alex Barowski, 28, is in Lackawanna County Prison on $500,000 bail and awaiting a preliminary hearing next week on charges of terroristic threats and related counts.
Lackawanna County Sheriff Mark McAndrew on Friday confirmed Barowski had a license to carry a firearm issued in March 2013, which his office is in the process of revoking.
While police and security defused the situation quickly, the university came under fire for not immediately notifying the campus community.
University President Sister Mary Persico addressed concerns in letters to the campus community after the arrest that stated the campus security team “thought first about our students who may have been in danger and moved quickly to the scene, where the individual was apprehended in a matter of minutes.” A spokeswoman for the university acknowledged a notification through the text-based service e2campus ideally should have gone out to students and faculty.
On Friday, Persico met with campus community members to discuss “what went right, what went wrong and what we need to do better,” spokeswoman Juneann Greco said.
Mass notification of potentially dangerous situations is practiced at numerous other universities and colleges. Chris Jagoe, chief of campus security at Wilkes University, said a report of a person with a weapon would warrant a swift notification once officers verified the information.
Keystone College in La Plume Twp. sends out text and email notifications with situation-specific instructions and a notification once the situation is resolved.
Amy Gruzesky, a spokeswoman for Penn State Worthington Scranton, said the school also endeavors to communicate alerts with the university community as soon as they know what's going on.
“As soon as we know that it is an actual situation, we would send it out as soon as possible,” Gruzesky said.
A text message for the all-clear came through eventually, but many students at Marywood first found out what was happening through rumor and word of mouth.
Students in Reymunde's class started getting text messages that someone had a gun on campus. Many were unsure if it was true and, if it was, what to do.
One of her classmates, Samantha Henning, recalled seeing a woman's face “go white” while reading a text message.
“What does the text say?” Henning, 25, asked her.
“There's a guy in the science building with a gun,” Henning recalled the woman saying.
Henning left the classroom and walked to her car, then learned police found and detained Barowski in a parking lot near where her car was parked.
“If I knew that, I wouldn't have left (the classroom),” Henning said.
Reymunde said she believes university officials likely handled the situation as best they could but felt it could have been handled better.
“Just having some kind of confirmation, some kind of order of what to do, would have been good,” she said.
Contact the writer:
jkohut@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9144;
@jkohutTT on Twitter
LONDON (AP) — British police say no sign of forced entry has been found at the home where a London-based Russian businessman died from a neck compression.
Metropolitan Police Commander Clarke Jarrett said Monday the forensic investigation into the death of businessman Nikolai Glushkov is continuing in the New Malden neighborhood where he lived.
Glushkov, 68, was found dead at his southwest London home on March 12. He was an associate of Boris Berezovsky, a wealthy Kremlin critic who died under disputed circumstances in 2013.
The murder investigation is being headed by counterterrorism detectives because of the “associations Mr. Glushkov is believed to have had,” police said.
Glushkov had worked for various Berezovsky enterprises including the car factory AvtoVAZ and flagship Russian airline Aeroflot.
He was arrested in 1999 and put on trial for embezzling $7 million from Aeroflot. In 2004, he was sentenced to three years and three months in prison, but released because of time served.
Last year, Glushkov appeared on a list published by the Russian Embassy in London of Russian citizens wanted for serious crimes whom the U.K. had refused to extradite. It said Russia had sought his extradition in 2015 “for committing a number of severe financial offences on the territory of Russia,” but the British government refused.
Police have said they do not see a link between the Glushkov case and the recent poisoning of ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in the English city of Salisbury.
British police have contacted other Russian exiles in the last few days to discuss their safety in light of the recent attacks.
Kuwait City
Kuwait will hold the second Investment Forum Tuesday on key investment opportunities in the country, the Kuwait News Agency (KUNA) said Sunday.
The two-day forum will tackle investment in the country from a futuristic perspective, commercial facilities, available business opportunities, funding and sustainable development, KUNA said.
According to a joint statement released by Kuwait Direct Investment Promotion Authority (KDIPA) and the Chamber of Commerce and Industry on Sunday, the conferees will address progress and predictions within framework of Kuwait Vision 2035 since its launch in January 2017.
In February 2010, with an aim to change the country's long-existed oil-reliant economic structure, the Kuwaiti government unveiled “Kuwait 2035,” a national development strategy, hoping to build the country into a trade and financial hub.
The first forum was held in March 2017, shedding light on Kuwait's steps toward sustainable development and innovation.—APP
You've likely seen the video by now of young Keaton Jones of Tennessee crying in his car, telling his mother he was bullied, but also offering a message of hope for others in his predicament.
"Don't let it bother you," Jones said. "It will probably get better one day."
The video went viral and has nearly 40 million views.
Stars on social media responded to Keaton with messages of support and, in some cases, offered more.
Here are the offers he has received from the sports world:
Cavaliers' J.R. Smith and LeBron James
Extended an invite to Cavs' game against the Grizzlies.
That's a damn shame. Keaton if your around when we play in Memphis i would love to invite you to one of our games. Head up Champ! https://t.co/Moh9ObdgX8 — JR Smith (@TheRealJRSmith) December 11, 2017
Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best https://t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James (@KingJames) December 11, 2017
Dana White, UFC president
Trip to UFC headquarters in Las Vegas.
Meet Keaton Jones a very smart little boy who is being bullied at school. This video is heartbreaking!! I want to bring Keaton to Vegas and hang out at UFC Headquarters. If anyone knows how i can reach the family please let me know. Thank u everyone pic.twitter.com/BR8c4ldDFc — Dana White (@danawhite) December 10, 2017
Delanie Walker, Titans tight end
Offered tickets for four to the Titans' Week 17 game against the Jaguars.
@DonteStallworth @Lakyn_Jones hopefully my video and the tweets that Keaton have been getting brings awareness to bullying and how serious it is in our school system pic.twitter.com/1Dujv3RxA5 — Delanie walker (@delaniewalker82) December 9, 2017
Taylor Lewan, Titans offensive lineman
Offered his services to be Keaton's bodyguard.
Please help me and the @Titans get Keaton's information. We will not tolerate bullying. I'll be seeing you real soon Keaton. — Taylor Lewan (@TaylorLewan77) December 10, 2017
Jarrett Guarantano, University of Tennessee quarterback
Spent the day with Keaton on Sunday.
So I got the chance to spend the day with my new best bud Keaton. It was unbelievable to get to know him and realize that we have a lot in common. This dude is very special and has changed my life forever. Now I have the little brother I always wanted! God bless you my man pic.twitter.com/vMHVtnf2rC — Jarrett Guarantano✞ (@BroadwayJay2) December 11, 2017
Tyler Byrd, University of Tennessee wide receiver
One of the Volunteers who will meet with Keaton on Tuesday.
We're going to the middle school next Tuesday show young Man some love we will also TWITTER LIVE some of it so everyone can show there love and support #vols #StopBullying @cboystunna3 @BroadwayJay2 @JKShuttlesworth @smithtrey98 — Tyler Byrd (@D1fuzzymuffin17) December 9, 2017
Keenan Allen, Los Angeles Chargers wide receiver
Invitation to Chargers game in Los Angeles.
Lee Smith, Oakland Raiders tight end
Offered to meet with Keaton following the season.
What's up Keaton! Lee Smith here with the Oakland Raiders. Once our season is over and my family and I move back home to TN, I will come see you at school! We can see if any of the kids are brave enough to bully me! Stay strong my man! — Lee Smith (@LeeSmith_86) December 11, 2017
Kirk Herbstreit, ESPN
Extended an invitation for next year's College Gameday.
Hey Keaton, I'm very sorry you have been going through such tough times. You showed a lot of courage by letting people know how some have been treating you. We would love to have you and your family come out to @CollegeGameDay anytime you'd like next year. You're always welcome. https://t.co/9WTkpt8Xub — Kirk Herbstreit (@KirkHerbstreit) December 11, 2017
Scott Holtzman, UFC lightweight
Willing to let Keaton train with him when he returns to Knoxville.
Knoxville, can someone get me in touch with this kid? I want him to come train with me when I get HOME. @Lakyn_Jones @ufc @danawhite @seanshelby https://t.co/DRdKvTsIff — Scott Holtzman (@HotSauceHoltzy) December 10, 2017
Paige VanZant, UFC flyweight
Wants to meet Keaton and become his bodyguard.
I would love to come meet this guy and provide bodyguard services!!!Connect me as well!!!! Bullies suck!! I won't stand for it! https://t.co/8IAdTC7Smm — Paige VanZant (@PaigeVanzantUFC) December 10, 2017
Kevin Brophy, University of West Virginia infielder
Invitation to West Virginia game and a tour of the school's baseball field.
[Back to Influential Marylanders Winners]
Clay Stamp
Executive Director
Maryland's Opioid Operational Command Center
Clay Stamp considers his life's work to be saving lives. He started as a paramedic in Ocean City and later became the vacation destination's first head of emergency management serving for nearly 30 years. In 2015, Gov. Larry Hogan appointed him to be executive director of the Maryland Emergency Management Agency, a position in which he oversaw much of the state response to that year's Baltimore riots.
In early 2017, Hogan tapped Stamp to become the state's Opioid Operational Command Center executive director charged with leading the efforts to address the increasing number of overdose deaths.
“I've been involved in a lot of different emergencies and coordinating emergencies, but there has been no greater crisis that I see facing our nation as this crisis right now,” he says.
Stamp has taken a balanced approach toward combating the opioid crisis, including stemming the tide from drug trafficking, holding physicians accountable for writing prescriptions properly, reinstituting strong prevention curriculum in schools and making sure resources and services are available for those who are seeking help to battle their addiction.
“It is critically important that we have that balanced approach,” he says. “It is a holistic approach and we won't be successful unless we attack all areas … We have to be resolute and persevere and if we are — we will get ahead of this eventually.”
Stamp also is a FEMA reservist on the federal agency's hurricane liaison team.
[Back to Influential Marylanders Winners]
Srinagar
In occupied Kashmir, the Chairman of All Parties Hurriyat Conference, Syed Ali Gilani, has termed India's recent announcement about ceasefire as a hoax.
Syed Ali Gilani in a statement issued in Srinagar expressed deep concern over the brutal action of the Indian forces' personnel in which they vandalized residential houses at Sugan in Shopian district. He said, India and its stooges like PDP-led coalition have waged a war on the people of the occupied territory and their rhetoric about peace and ceasefire stays deflated.
The APHC Chairman terming the role of PDP as filthy, deceitful and sorrowful, said, these people have let loose a reign of terror in nook and corner of occupied Kashmir. He pointed out that the Indian forces were suffering from frustration and could go to any extent.
Syed Ali Gilani also condemned the brutal forces' personnel for their arrogant and immoral attitude. It is highly deplorable that even family members of a freedom-fighter, Zeenat-ul-Islam, were thrashed and their property ransacked.
“The forces barged into the houses, chopped off fruit trees, looted valuables. The recent announcement about ceasefire is mere hoax and just aimed to hoodwink opinion of international community. The recent action by the forces against civilians vindicates our stand that despite tall claims about ceasefire the people are reeling under martial law like situations,” he added.—KMS
CHILDREN who are fit during childhood and adolescence have better functioning lungs in adulthood. According to a new study published in European Respiratory Journal revealed that fitness in childhood is linked to healthy lungs in adulthood.
Good lung function in early adult life is believed to lower the risk of developing chronic lung disease later in life. Chronic lung diseases, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), are a leading cause of global ill health, Health news reported.
Notably, with an ageing population, this is projected to get worse. The new study provided early evidence that keeping children fit could help reduce the burden of lung disease in the future.
The research was led by Professor Bob Hancox, a respiratory specialist at the University of Otago, New Zealand. He explained, “We know very little about the links between physical activity, fitness, and lung growth. This is a difficult topic to research because following children over many years is expensive and time-consuming”.
“This study shows that children who are physically fit go on to have better lung function as young adults. We think that this could reduce the risk of them developing chronic lung diseases as they get older,” he continued.
The research was conducted on a total of 2,406 children, combining a study of 1,037 children in Dunedin, New Zealand, and the second group of 1,369 in Odense, Denmark. The Dunedin Study used a cycling test at ages 15, 26, 32, and 38 to estimate fitness from the heart rate response to exercise.
In the Odense group, aerobic fitness was tested at ages 9, 15, 21, and 29 using an exercise bike to see how much work-out each person could do before they were exhausted.
Lung function tests were done at the same ages in both the studies. The link between lung function and fitness remained after the researchers took account of factors such as height, weight, asthma, and smoking. The results also showed a stronger effect in boys than girls.
Professor Hancox explained, “We don't know why fitness and lung function are linked but one explanation could be that fitter people have better respiratory muscle strength as well as other muscle strength”.
The two studies are ongoing and researchers hope to collect data on fitness and lung function as the participants get older. This will allow them to see if the effect of childhood fitness on lung function persists and whether fitness can indeed protect against lung disease.
Related
“I'd let it be his choice,” said Trump, who called him “an extraordinary person.”
Trump said at a press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron Tuesday that if he were Jackson he would withdraw under the circumstances but nonetheless defended him.
U.S. President Donald Trump signalled White House physician Ronny Jackson should consider withdrawing his nomination as Veterans Affairs secretary as a Senate panel opened a review into “serious allegations” regarding his management and behaviour.
The statement and the letter to the president didn't detail what new information was brought to their attention about Jackson, a rear admiral who has served in the White House under three presidents. The New York Times and CBS News, citing unnamed officials briefed on the allegations, reported that allegations include allowing a hostile work environment as the chief White House doctor, over-prescribing drugs and drinking on the job.
“The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs is postponing the hearing to consider the nominee to be secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs in light of new information presented to the committee,” Isakson and Tester said in a joint statement released Tuesday. “We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review.”
The president spoke hours after Senator Johnny Isakson, chairman of the Veterans Affairs Committee, said he and the panel's ranking Democrat, Jon Tester, decided to delay a hearing on Jackson's nomination that had been scheduled for Wednesday and sent a letter to Trump seeking more information.
In their letter to Trump, Isakson and Tester requested all communications between the Defense Department and the White House Military Office “regarding allegations or incidents involving Rear Admiral Jackson from 2006 to present.”
They also are seeking any documents, “including those developed during the course of an investigation,” held by any office in the executive office of the president “that were never communicated to the Department of Defense or Offices of Inspector General.”
Several lawmakers said the allegations haven't been substantiated, but they must be addressed.
Isakson, a Georgia Republican, declined to say anything more at the Capitol. He said he isn't sure when, or whether, the hearing might be rescheduled. Tester, of Montana, said, “We're still working on the vetting.”
Republican Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma, a member of the Armed Services Committee, said it was too soon to say whether that panel would become involved in reviewing or investigating the allegations.
“It may not be an issue shortly,” Inhofe said. “He may not progress further.”
The Trump administration is standing behind Jackson, who also faces questions about his qualifications to manage the federal government's second-largest department.
White House defence
“Admiral Jackson has been on the front lines of deadly combat and saved the lives of many others in service to this country,” White House spokespersonHogan Gidley said in a statement. “He's served as the physician to three presidents — Republican and Democrat — and been praised by them all. Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve.”
Several lawmakers from both parties criticized the White House for failing to do a thorough job investigating its own nominees.
“I just think the White House does not vet their nominees so it leaves us as members having to look at their personal and leadership and other qualities,” said Democratic Senator Patty Murray of Washington, a member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee. “And they didn't do a good job and now we're doing it.”
Senator Susan Collins, a Maine Republican who isn't on the panel considering the nomination, said the allegations “raise questions about the White House vetting process,” and added that she had concerns about Jackson even before the new questions came to light.
She said she wants answers as to “whether he has sufficient experience to manage the second-largest department in the federal government.”
Jackson was nominated to replace Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin, who Trump fired on March 28. Shulkin is a former hospital executive who was a holdover from the Obama administration and who initially won Trump's favour for his efforts to overhaul the long-troubled system for veterans health care.
He was ousted after questions about his official travel and amid an internal administration fight over how much of the medical care delivered to veterans could be outsourced to private insurers.
The only England fan in a Russian bar full of Colombians turned out to be a Leeds United supporter.
Video footage taken in a bar just 100 metres from the Spartak Stadium in Moscow last night shows a large group of Colombian fans watching the nail-biting penalty shoot-out without any England supporters in sight.
Gallery: England fans in Leeds react to penalty shoot-out win
All that changes when Eric Dier lands the winning penalty - and suddenly an Englishman wearing a vintage Leeds United jacket emerges to celebrate.
An England fan from Leeds on his World Cup experiences
The enthusiastic fan spills his drink before tossing it aside and pumping his fists in the faces of the Colombians.
Leeds United fans from India and New Zealand bond over Pontus Jansson at Sweden v Switzerland match
The A4174 ring road will be closing next week for resurfacing works.
The main carriageway will shut overnight from Tuesday, April 18 through to Friday, April 21.
It comes as South Gloucestershire Council is carrying out essential works.
The first set of work will take place between the Hambrook traffic lights and the Bromley Heath roundabout eastbound on the Tuesday and Wednesday nights.
Then the work will take place between the Bromley Heath Roundabout to Wick Wick roundabout westbound on Thursday and Friday.
The overnight closures will run between 8pm and 6am.
A spokesman for the council said: “During the overnight closures, traffic will not be able to access part of the A4174 ring road.
“Full diversion routes will be in place and will be clearly signed.
“The westbound and eastbound carriageways will remain fully open at all other times.
“This work is part of the Challenge Fund project, and will involve removing the existing road surface and laying a new one.
“In order to carry out this work as efficiently as possible and to minimise disruption to local residents and businesses, the work is being undertaken overnight.
“We understand this may cause some inconvenience and disruption and apologise for this.”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Kane is England's national hero right now with the Three Lions just three games from World Cup glory.
The Tottenham striker is leading from the front in Russia and his six goals see him leading the way in the race for the Golden Boot.
Kane also found the net in the shootout victory over Colombia and some even think he should get a knighthood if England go all the way this summer.
But for one England fan, looking like the Three Lions skipper is not all it has cracked up to be.
Dan Milligan, who is one of our colleagues at ChronicleLive , is getting fed up of fans asking him for a selfie...and he can't even go to the pub without being swamped.
(Image: Chronicle Live)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
“It has been ridiculous watching a match in town,” said Dan, of Quayside, Gateshead.
"Groups of lads have been asking for selfies, chanting songs and doing double-takes.
“I can't even go to the loo at half-time without people saying ‘It's Harry Kane!' or chanting ‘He scores when he wants'.
“It gets even worse the more people have to drink. After half time, when people have had a few, I get more and more fans saying I look like him.”
Blond and blue eyed, with captain Harry's trademark stubble, 29-year-old Dan is a dead ringer for our number 10 striker.
World Cup 2018 power rankings: The remaining 8 teams rated ahead of the quarter-finals
But standing 6ft 5ins tall, in the past he's also been mistaken for Peter Crouch.
He added: “I can't complain too much though about the Harry Kane lookalike comments, anything is better than the Peter Crouch chants I've had at previous World Cups or European Championships.
“It has come as a bit of a shock because I don't actually think I look like Harry but as long as he keeps scoring and England keep winning, I'm happy.”
Dan is a keen Newcastle United fan and is especially cheering on Jordan Pickford as he repeatedly stops the ball from going into the back of England's net.
(Image: PA Wire)
Pal and colleague, Content Editor Michael Muncaster, said: “It's true, we were all in the pub watching the game against Colombia and at least 30 people must have asked to take his picture.
“He does look like Harry Kane and I'm sure he's secretly enjoying the attention.”
Dan added: “I did actually do a World Cup lookalike test. I uploaded my picture in and it picks a footballer playing in the World Cup that you most look like. It said I was 70% Harry Kane.”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cherno Samba was once keeping Wayne Rooney out of England's youth team, tipped to fire the Three Lions to 2006 World Cup glory and in such demand Liverpool enlisted Michael Owen to try and tempt him to Anfield.
In the end things didn't turn out as expected – his career was such a roller-coaster ex-England boss Steve McClaren was stunned to discover he was still playing a decade ago.
Yet, to Samba's credit, there is no bitterness or regret from about how his career unfolded and only a philosophical reflection thanks to his faith.
And Samba is hoping to use his experiences of the “dog-eat-dog” football world to help guide the next generation of young hopefuls.
The double irony of how he is now working towards doing that is not lost on Samba, now 32.
The boy wonder made even more famous by a management computer game is now well on the road to becoming a coach himself and currently on an A Licence course alongside the likes of Frank Lampard and Graeme Le Saux.
And managing the country of his birth, Gambia, who he played senior football for and where he remains highly thought of, could be a possibility in the future.
(Photo: Getty)
Meanwhile, Samba is currently gaining experience shadowing the likes of former Anfield reserves boss John McMahon who now works at Liverpool's foundation as he works towards his badges.
Samba came close to joining Liverpool aged 14 and it is impossible not to wonder what might have been had that move gone through.
He said: “I've always wanted to give my experience to the next generation. That is my motivation now and there is not a better person to do it than myself after what I've experienced.
“As soon as I got to Liverpool I thought 'life is crazy.' As a player I was going to be signing for this club and now I am doing my coaching hours here. It brings back memories.”
Samba's name will bring back memories of cult computer game Championship Manager for a certain generation of football fans.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
Samba was one of the young stars of the early 2000s versions of the world renowned game when he was a teenage starlet charging through defences and the ranks at Millwall.
The devastating striker he became on the game only added to his aura, reputation, and the pressure, when he stepped on the pitch in real life.
Trophies, goals and international success came guaranteed in the virtual world for Samba and any budding manager who snapped him up.
But, clever as Championship Manager's makers were, what they could never predict predictions was the impact of the pitfalls encountered by wonder-kids such as Samba which he now is hoping to warn future prospects about.
After scoring 132 goals in just 32 games for his school aged just 13 and getting picked up by Millwall, Samba was soon quickly marked out as one of England's hottest prospects.
(Photo: Getty)
England recognition followed – Samba played from under-15s through to 21s and was in the same age group as Rooney and Wayne Routledge but impressed so much he was pushed up a year to play alongside the likes of Glen Johnson, Darren Bent and David Bentley.
At the same time Liverpool, Arsenal, Manchester United and Leeds were jostling for his signature. But there were downsides to being a golden boy too.
Like being surrounded by people and coaches who tip-toed around him and massaged his ego because they were too afraid to upset him rather than delivering home truths or pushing Samba in the right direction when he strayed off track.
That's what he now admits he could have done with after his proposed £2m move to Liverpool collapsed before his eyes in then Anfield-boss Gerard Houllier's office, shattering his dreams and resulting in a frustrated Samba taking a six-month break from football when his love and appetite for the game disappeared.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
South Londoner Samba eventually returned to Millwall but the damage had been done.
He said: “Knowing what I know now I should have gone back, put my head down and worked hard, not stayed away from football.
“So part of it is my own fault. If I had gone back to Millwall when that move didn't happen, trained a bit harder it (his talent) will come through.
“But I had lost my appetite for the game. Before football was a passion, I loved it and you could pay me nothing and I would still play.
“After that (the move collapse) happened I said I need to make sure my mum and dad are stable financially and I am too. So I was just going to get paid.”
In the end Plymouth was the only English club Samba played for while he also had spells in Spain, Wales, Finland, Greece and Norway before retiring in 2015.
He said: “I am happy with how my career panned out. I have played in great countries. But I feel like I could have pushed a bit more to get to the top.
“I believe in God and that helps because I look at things and think everything that happens was meant to happen.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
“Not going to Liverpool, not winning the World Cup for England in 2006 and whatever else, was meant to happen.
“If that was meant to happen it would have happened. I won't beat myself up about it.
“I remember Steve McClaren said in an article 'I can't believe Cherno is still in the game because if this happened to any other player in the world they wouldn't still be in the game'.
“That was 10 years ago. It is really tough but that's the past.”
The future for Samba is his ambitions to become a “top” coach and he freely admits being open to managing Gambia when the time is right.
Samba said: “Once I finish my A licence I want to do a bit of coaching here academy-wise just to gain that experience and exposure before I can take a big job like the Gambia job because it is a massive one, you can imagine.
“I would want to go up the ladder and learn my trade first, just as you do when you are coming up as a pro.”
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
And he won't be short of wisdom to pass on. “It has been ups and downs for me in football,” Samba admitted.
“I just felt like I needed to give something back to the youngsters coming up so they don't fall into the same traps or be treated the way I was.
“That is what pushed me more to go into the coaching side so I can mentor the young kids, put them on the straight and narrow, help and guide them through what I have experienced to try and avoid the pitfalls.”
Asked how Samba the coach would develop Samba the teenager, he suggested a combination of tough love, the 'arm around the shoulder' approach and one-on-one pep talks would do the trick.
Whatever style of coach he becomes will be heavily-shaped by his own first-hand experiences.
“If I had my way again I wouldn't be so famous so early. I wish I was one of those kids you didn't hear about and who came through the back door,” he said.
“When you put that sort of pressure on you as a kid is does have an effect. I also wouldn't be giving too much too soon. I wish I wasn't.
“Especially in this country, we are given so much, so early. By the time you're 19, 20, football is out the way and it is all about luxury, looks, nice cars.
“At 17, I bought my brand-new Peugeot, 11 grand, cash. The 206 was the new car that had just come out so I just went to the garage and bought it.
(Photo: Birmingham Post and Mail)
“Things like that I would do differently. And we need to teach these kids, the next generation about how to conduct yourself.
“What also didn't help me was I was far above everybody else. I was scoring goals left right and centre. And instead of working harder, I felt I didn't need to and I was already there, better than these other players.
“If we had to do 10 doggies I would do six and I knew I would still get picked to play the next game as well.
“A lot of things have got to change and because I have experienced it that is why I want to help the next generation.
“I am well prepared now to be a coach more than I could ever be. I watch a lot of games, talk to top, top people in the game. I can pick up the phone and speak to any of them and they will listen and give me advice.
“I am looking forward to the challenges. I have a new energy, new positiveness and new life. I am enjoying every minute of everything.”
than CS to prom
Titanax Male Enhancement
ote creatine retention. The present findings also support previous studies that reported that the content of creatine in the CS is l Titanax Male Enhancement tle or none and that the oral ingestion of CS has no effect on blood levels of creatine and therefore could not promote creatine retention (30, 31). These findings indicate that CS is a completely ineffective form of creatine to
http://quicksupplementfact.com/titanax-male/
Ottawa should set up two independent oversight bodies to deal with public complaints against Canada's border officials and review policies involving enforcement and detention, says a new report.
The Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) has the powers of arrest, detention and search and seizure, and can stop travellers for questioning, and take breath and blood samples without a warrant, yet there is no independent civilian oversight of the organization, said the B.C. Civil Liberties Association report.
“This is a highly unusual situation in Canada. Every significant police agency in the country has some form of independent oversight or review body, and in many cases, multiple such agencies,” said the 56-page report, released Wednesday.
“In light of a worrying number of deaths of migrants in detention, deplorable conditions of prolonged confinement in immigration detention facilities, and numerous examples of egregious officer conduct, this glaring gap in oversight must be urgently remedied.”
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who oversees the border agency, was under fire last year after a series of deaths of detainees in immigration custody and an earlier report by the United Nations over Canada's record of lengthy immigration detention stays and a lack of medical support for inmates.
Eat These 7 Mushrooms to Live Longer by: GreenMedInfo Research Group
The idea of “food as medicine” may be a bit hard to swallow, especially if you have a gourmand's palate. What if you could fight a host of diseases and even increase your longevity, just by adding a few delicious servings of fungus to your diet every day? Not to worry – these fungi are what French chefs dream of!
Paul Stamets, renowned mycologist (that's a mushroom expert) and TedTalk favorite, fervently believes that mushrooms can save the world. He describes fungi as “the grand molecular disassemblers of nature” due to their transformative ability to generate humus soils from decomposing organic materials. Fungi turn the decay of nature into nutrients for plants, trees, animals, and humans alike. As part of this amazing dance of biosynthesis, mushrooms alchemize Earth's most powerful elements for the benefit of mankind. Fungi produce our best antibiotics, and have medicinal potential for a host of diseases. Certain varieties of mushroom possess psychotropic properties that have been prized since at least the beginning of recorded time, with some scientists even proclaiming that “magic mushrooms” are the key to human evolution. But these beneficial attributes merely scratch the surface of what the fungi kingdom are up to, which is apt, since most of the fungi's prolific activities take place below where our eyes can see.
The fungi kingdom represents a distinct type of organism, separate from animals, plants, and bacteria. Like animals, fungi absorb nutrients from the environment and excrete digestive enzymes, in the case of mushrooms, into the surrounding soil. Mycelium is the unseen part of mushrooms that extend below the soil. Strongly resembling neural networks, thread-like roots known as hyphae can extend for miles into the Earth, absorbing nutrients and decomposing organic materials. In his book, Mycelium Running: How Mushrooms Can Help Save the World, Paul Stamets established his belief that mycelia are the “neurological network of nature.” Intrinsically aware of their host's needs, Paul believes mushrooms are sentient, “devising diverse enzymatic and chemical responses to complex challenges” perceived in their environment. Beyond sentience, Paul explains that mushrooms possess a co-creative consciousness, and it would benefit humanity greatly to learn how to interface: “Because these externalized neurological nets sense any impression upon them, from footsteps to falling tree branches, they could relay enormous amounts of data regarding the movements of all organisms through the landscape.”
Paul's recently published research explores another fundamental way in which fungi communicate with humanity: through our digestive systems. Mushrooms are prebiotic, boosting the microbiome's beneficial bacteria, such as Acidophilus and Bifidobacterium, improving digestion and overall health. Recent independent research shows that certain varieties of mushroom are also our best dietary sources for potent antioxidants, such as sulfur-rich ergothioneine, and the “major biological antioxidant,” glutathione. A diet rich in antioxidants like ergothioneine and glutathione protects cells from free radicals, helping the body withstand normal oxidative stress that damages healthy cells. In addition to boosting longevity, mushrooms pack a serious nutritional punch, providing a great source of vitamin D, essential for strong immune system function.
Adding almost any type of edible mushroom to your diet will provide a healthy dose of nutrients, but there are some mushrooms that stand out from the rest. A new studyconducted at The Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine tested eleven species of mushroom to determine which varieties possessed the strongest antioxidant properties. Of the 11 species tested, the top 7 mushrooms with the strongest antioxidant constituents are also some of the most nutritionally dense. According to this latest research, these are the 7 mushrooms we should be eating, ranked in order:
1. Porcini
Porcini are a large mushroom, with a cap that can reach up to 12 inches in diameter. Popular in Italian cuisine, porcini mushrooms represent a few different varieties, are typically reddish-brown in color, possess a thick stem, and are slightly sticky to the touch. This species of mushroom fruits from summer to fall, so you can find them most of the year in specialty markets. If you're a forager, search for porcini mushrooms in the mulchy undergrowth of hardwood forests with pine, chestnut, hemlock, and spruce trees.
2. Golden Oyster
Golden Oyster mushrooms are typically cultivated rather than wild-harvested, making them a great mushroom to grow at home. They grow in virtually anything, using straw mats and ordinary compost, with mushroom “starters” from inoculation kits that can be purchased in specialty stores. They possess a golden hue, grow in clusters, and have a nutty, slightly bitter flavor.
3. Pioppino
Pioppino mushrooms, often called Velvet Pioppino due to the velvety-brown appearance of their small caps, grow on decaying logs or at the mulchy base of hardwood trees. Pioppinos have a mild, slightly peppery flavor, making them a popular choice for adding to recipes. They grow in clusters on long, sturdy stems, are smaller in size (caps are only about 2 centimeters wide), and retain a firm texture when cooked.
4. Oyster
Oysters are among the most common and versatile mushrooms. Easy to cultivate, oysters grow mainly on decaying wood and possess a slightly sweet, anise-like smell. Called “oysters” due to having a similar appearance to the sea creature, the mycelia of oyster mushrooms eat small roundworms and bacteria, making them one of the few carnivorous mushroom species. Colors range from green, to pink, to yellow, depending on the variety. Fluted caps span from two-to-eight inches, with white gills on the underside, and a short, stubby stem.
5. Lions mane
It's easy to see how the Lion's Mane mushroom got its name! This popular edible and medicinal mushroom has exceptional neuroprotective powers, thanks to its ability to stimulate synthesis of Nerve Growth Factor (NGF). NGF is a protein that plays a major role in the maintenance, survival, and regeneration of neurons in the central and peripheral nervous systems. Known to improve memory and mood, Lion's Mane mushrooms are a staple in traditional Chinese medicine, and can be found in supplement form as a powder or tincture in many health food stores. If you'd rather enjoy their meaty texture in a meal, sauté them in butter to intensify the flavor, or boil them as a meat replacement in soup or stew.
6. Maitake
Found in clusters, typically at the base of oak trees, maitake mushrooms have potent anti-cancer properties. A polypore mushroom, maitakes lack the distinctive gills on the underside of the cap. Multiple caps emerge in layers from a single, thick underground stem, and can grow quite large. The entire “fruit body” can weigh 50 pounds or more, with a single cap growing as wide as twelve inches in diameter. Caps range from white to brown, are semi-firm when cooked, and possess a slightly earthy flavor that takes on the taste of your chosen cooking medium. Maitakes have been researched for a variety of health benefits, including lowering cholesterol and blood glucose in rats.
7. Shiitake
Shiitake mushrooms are one of the most popular mushrooms in the world, and for good reason. Revered in Asia for centuries for their potent medicinal properties, shiitake mushrooms have become a symbol of longevity in some cultures. Hearty and versatile, shiitakes can be consumed raw or cooked, and are found in powdered supplement form in many herbal pharmacies. Shiitakes grow in clusters on decaying hardwood trees, and are also commonly cultivated for food and medicinal uses. A classic umbrella shape, shiitakes are both beautiful and substantial. Caps range from white to light brown with white spots, and can reach up to eight inches in diameter. Cooking releases a “garlicpine” aroma and a rich, earthy flavor. Good luck for us – shiitakes are available year-round in most areas.
For additional research on the health benefits of mushrooms, visit our database on the subject.
References / Green Med Info
“© [12/5/2017] GreenMedInfo LLC. This work is reproduced and distributed with the permission of GreenMedInfo LLC. Want to learn more from GreenMedInfo? Sign up for the newsletter here http://www.greenmedinfo.com/greenmed/newsletter.”
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Like this article?
Sign up for the Broncos Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning
BEIJING, Dec 11 (APP):China on Monday commended Pakistan for attaching high importance to the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) project and taking necessary measures to ensure safety of Chinese citizens and institutions in the country.
“We commend that Pakistan attaches high importance to this issue and has been taking necessary measures to ensure the safety of Chinese citizens and institutions,” Chinese Foreign Ministry's Spokesperson, Lu Kang said during his regular press briefing while responding to a question raised by APP about the security of CPEC and Chinese citizens in Pakistan.
He said that the CPEC is a major cooperation project for the two countries in the alignment of their development strategies.
The CPEC, a flagship project of Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) has widespread support in the two countries, he added.
Lu Kang remarked that the CPEC will promote prosperity and stability of China, Pakistan and the countries in the region.
“We believe they will continue to do so to ensure smooth running of the CPEC construction,” he added.
It may be mentioned here that Pakistan has raised a strong force comprising 15,000 security personnel for the safety of Chinese citizens working on projects under the CPEC and the Chinese institutions across the country.
Challenger Limited has lifted its full-year profit by 21 per cent to $398 million, while its revenue has risen almost nine per cent to $1.97 billion.
Challenger Limited has boosted full-year statutory profit 21.3 per cent to $397.6 million, thanks to strong growth in assets under management.
The company's revenue from ordinary activities for the 12 months to June 30 rose 8.8 per cent to $1.97 billion, up from $1.81 billion the previous year.
It declared a final, fully franked, dividend of 17.5 cents per share, up one cent, lifting its total dividend by two cents to 34.5 cent.
BERLIN (AP) — Berlin police are trying to determine the source of 200 rounds of ammunition found in an underground parking lot in the German capital.
Officers were called after a tenant of the building in the western district of Charlottenburg discovered a bag containing the bullets late Sunday.
German news agency dpa reports that police searched the surrounding area with sniffer dogs but found no further ammunition.
Germany is nearing the first anniversary of a terror attack in Berlin in which 12 people were killed by a Tunisian man who drove a stolen truck into a crowded Christmas market. The attack was later claimed by the Islamic State group.
Security officials have said Germany could be the target of further attacks but there are no indications anything specific is planned.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
OTTAWA—Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland says two Canadians were among 18 people killed in a suspected extremist attack on a popular restaurant in Burkina Faso.
The incident happened late Sunday when suspected Islamic extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the country's capital.
Freeland says “the heartfelt condolences of our government go out to the loved ones of those targeted and the victims of this tragic attack.”
She says Canadian consular officials are working hard to provide assistance to the families of the victims.
Local authorities say other foreigners killed include two Kuwaitis and one person each from France, Senegal, Nigeria, Lebanon and Turkey.
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) -- The CEOs of athletic wear manufacturer Under Armour, computer chipmaker Intel and pharmaceutical company Merck resigned Monday from the White House's American Manufacturing Council -- with the Merck withdrawal drawing a quick and angry Twitter outburst from President Donald Trump.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier cited the president's failure to explicitly rebuke the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend. He wrote on Twitter Monday that "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which runs counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier is one of the few African-Americans to head a Fortune 500 company.
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES! -- Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank resigned from the panel later Monday, saying his company "engages in innovation and sports, not politics." Plank did not specifically mention Trump or Charlottesville, but said his company will focus on promoting "unity, diversity and inclusion" through sports.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich followed, writing that while he had urged leaders to condemn "white supremacists and their ilk," many in Washington "seem more concerned with attacking anyone who disagrees with them."
Trump was under increasing pressure to call out the white supremacist groups involved in the Charlottesville demonstration. He lashed out almost immediately at Frazier, saying on Twitter that he will now "have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! -- Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
The president followed up later in the day, tweeting that Merck "is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & LOWER PRICES!"
Drugmakers have come under withering criticism for soaring prices in the U.S., including by Trump, though he has yet to act on a promise to contain them.
With the barbs, Trump appeared to attack an industry executive who has tried to make drug pricing somewhat more transparent by revealing his company's overall drug price changes.
In January, Merck reported that its average net prices -- the amount the company receives after discounts and other rebates -- increased in the years since 2010 in a range between 3.4 percent and 6.2 percent per year. That's about half as large as the increase in its retail prices. Much of the furor over drug prices recently has been over increases that have been far bigger and come one after another for drugs that have been on the market for years.
The exchange lit up social media early Monday, with many people lauding Frazier and blasting the president. Trump eventually made a statement condemning bigotry Monday afternoon at a press conference.
Meanwhile, other executives stated their support for Frazier.
Unilever CEO Paul Polman wrote on Twitter, "Thanks @Merck Ken Frazier for strong leadership to stand up for the moral values that made this country what it is."
Thanks @Merck Ken Frazier for strong leadership to stand up for the moral values that made this country what it is pic.twitter.com/ckabeobZBL -- Paul Polman (@PaulPolman) August 14, 2017
Frazier, who grew up in a poor neighborhood in Philadelphia, resigned from the manufacturing advisory council days after one person was killed and others wounded in violent clashes between white supremacists and protesters.
Frazier and his siblings were raised by their janitor father after their mother died when they were very young. He has earned a reputation as a risk taker in the drug industry, pouring money into daunting research areas, particularly trying to develop a treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Frazier is not the first executive to resign from advisory councils serving Trump.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June, and two other advisory groups to the president, after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned for the same reason from the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, which Trump established to advise him on how government policy impacts economic growth and job creation.
The manufacturing jobs council had 28 members initially, but it has shrunk since it was formed earlier this year as executives retire, are replaced, or, as with Frazier and Musk, resign.
William Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said he couldn't "think of a parallel example" of any president responding as viciously as Trump to a CEO departing an advisory council.
"Usually, certain niceties are observed to smooth over a rupture," said Galston, who served as a domestic policy aide in the Clinton administration.
"We've learned that as president, Mr. Trump is behaving exactly as he did as a candidate," Galston said. "He knows only one mode: When attacked, hit back harder."
By LINDA A. JOHNSON, AP Medical Writer. AP Economics Writer Josh Boak in Washington contributed to this story.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): President Mamnoon Hussain Monday urged the nation to bury their differences and get united for the stability and development of the country.
He said those nations of the world tread on the path of development and progress that had castaway despondency with determination to achieve their national objectives.
Speaking at a ceremony held at the Jinnah Convention Center to mark 70th Independence Day, the president said today, they were hoisting the national flag to pay tributes to the historic struggle of the leaders of Independence Movement.
He said it was a time to retrospect over the long history of construction, development and stability of Pakistan.
Amid huge applause by the audience, the president said certain issues confronted by the country also required review by all and sundry.
“While we happily hoist the national flag today, we need to reiterate our strong resolve to always uphold the values of determination and dedication for the objective of development of Pakistan,” he added.
He said some elders raised questions about certain matters whereas the youth felt anxious about their future.
The challenging surrounding situation has created intensity in behaviors, he noted, adding “In such a situation, the national occasion like Independence Day not only provides an opportunity to deliberate but also paves the way for resolving these issues.”
The president said that he believed that the universal ideals, teachings of the freedom movement leaders and the glorious history could provide answers to all these burning questions of our era in the light of which they could improve their present and the future.
“It is good to think and be concerned about future of the country but it is not right to be dejected because the nations which tread the path with great determination are always successful in overcoming their challenges,” he added.
The president said during review, examples of their unprecedented success in various spheres of life would come forth and some problems would also be identified which led to the creation of issues.
He said the nations in the world had faced myriad issues but they rose up after mustering strength from trials and tribulations.
He advised the youth that instead of becoming frustrated they should demonstrate wisdom and become a source of fulfillment of national goals.
He stressed that emulation of basic principles in life and sticking to respect for the rule of law by individuals in their personal lives could help achieve marvels.
The president said the national issues should be judged in their true perspective rather than seeing them out of context.
He noted that democratic and parliamentary system reflected the desire of the whole nation and urged the nation to rise above their minor divides and work for the solidarity and stability of the country.
He said since the creation of Pakistan, the country experimented with different systems of government but what was the reason that continuity has not been attained in these matters.
One reason could be that instead of giving due time to these systems for proper development, they became restless due to which these systems could not fully develop according to their natural pace.
“That is why it is imperative that before treading a new path, experiences of the past should be thoroughly reviewed,” he added.
He urged the whole nation especially all stakeholders to unite under the Constitution of Pakistan in the national interest by setting aside their differences and ensure its supremacy.
The Constitution was a document which would show path to realize national objectives by rising above our personal interests, he added.
The president said it would also guarantee progress and stability of the motherland as a manifestation of national aspirations.
The president said if circumstances from the freedom movement and creation of Pakistan were reviewed minutely then it became clear that the nation's temperament was primarily democratic and parliamentary upon which it had repeatedly expressed its confidence.
“It is ironic that the system in line with our temperament could not fully develop. In such cases, it is necessary that the nation should create a broader consensus by rising above parochial and class interests,” he added.
He said it was imperative that they all respected their collective decisions to smoothly continue the journey of national development instead of undertaking new experiences.
“It will lead to stability of the state and its system, maturity of democratic behaviors and also pave the way for national development. Unless all segments and schools of thought of the society are completely united on a national strategy, success remains elusive,” he stressed.
The president said the poet-philosopher Allama Muhammad Iqbal and Father of the Nation Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah were the leaders who remained unnerved and encouraged the Muslims to follow the path of moderation and sagacity.
In present conditions, the nation also expected the same conduct from the leadership that they should protect the future of the country and nation by rising above their parochial and vested interests.
“In this perspective, I want to make it clear that if sanity did not prevail in the current situation then our dream of economic revival will not be materialized and the nation will never forgive us for this laxity,” he warned.
Welcoming the presence of Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang, the president said it reflected the deep ties between Pakistan and China as both countries had shared views on various global issues.
The bilateral ties were significant ones in the context of bilateral progress, prosperity and regional cooperation and stability.
The president said that the glittering moon and star on the national flag were reflective of happiness of the people of this country and guided them towards the path to progress and excellence.
The president expressed the hope that the nation, especially youth, would perform their national duty in such a befitting manner that they would forever be remembered in golden words in history.
Speaking on the occasion, Vice-Premier of the State Council of People's Republic of China Wang Yang highlighted the significance of Pak-China ties resembling them to proverbial higher than mountains, stronger than steal and sweeter than honey.
Wang Yang felicitated the Pakistani nation on its 70th Independence Day and expressed his government's determination to support Pakistan in its efforts for development, regional stability and securing its national interests and sovereignty.
He said the Pakistani nation was a hardworking, peace loving and determined one and its sacrifices against terrorism were unmatched and unforgettable.
With self reliance and hard work, the nation was excelling in different fields of life, he added.
The vice premier said China and Pakistan stood closely as ever on different world issues after establishment of their bilateral ties.
He recounted Pakistan's support for China in difficult times and said the all weather friendship stood tests of time.
Under the vision of President Xi Jinping. China wanted to further take this strategic partnership to new heights.
Yang said the Chinese government desired to accelerate and accomplish the mega project launched under China Pakistan Economic Corridor for greater economic prosperity of the Pakistani nation.
China wanted to further increase the bilateral cooperation in other sectors like health, sports, academic, scientific knowledge etc and exchanges of cultural and academic delegations, he added.
He said China believed in the beauty of performance upon which permanent friendship was based.
China always considered Pakistan as a good neighbour and would remain its friend and brother.
The visiting dignitary was given a very warm welcome by the audience.
School children dressed in national attire and carrying national flags cheered loudly during the speech made by Chinese vice premier.
Milan Bhowmik's 1946 Calcutta Killings had been stuck with the Central Board of Film Certification since September 2016. Bhowmik's film, which is also to be released in Bengali as Danga The Riot, was recently cleared with a few cuts by the CBFC's Film Certification Appellate Tribunal and will be released soon with a U/A certificate.
The censor board's Kolkata office refused a certificate last year after finding the film to be “extremely polarising”, according to a report in The Hindu. In a letter sent to the producers, it was alleged that the movie might cause communal disharmony and that it contained “derogatory and false references” about political leaders of the time, such as Jawaharlal Nehru.
1946 Calcutta Killings is set during the months leading up to the communal riots that engulfed Kolkata from August 16, 1946, following the announcement of the Direct Action Day protest by Muslim League leader Muhammad Ali Jinnah. The protest was in response to the rejection of the Muslim League's proposal for a separate homeland for Muslims by the Indian National Congress. The riots and killings took over 4,000 lives and displaced even more within a matter of days.
Bhowmik's film features several historical characters, including Nehru, Jinnah, Bengal's last prime minister Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy, and Syama Prasad Mookerjee, the founder of the Bharatiya Jana Singh (the precursor to the Bharatiya Janata Party). Mookerjee is played by former Film and Television Institute of India chairperson Gajendra Chauhan.
Mookerjee is presented as the film's hero. The story shows the Hindutva leader during his tenure as president of the Akhil Bharatiya Hindu Mahasabha. “He was a true secular,” Bhowmik declared. “For him, Hindus, Muslims, everyone was mother India's child. If he was not secular, he wouldn't join hands with Fazlul Haq of Krishak Praja Party to fight Jinnah. Do today's historians and journalists know this? My film will put forth Bengal's real history in front of the new generation.”
Play 1946 Calcutta Killings.
After the censor board refused to certify 1946 Calcutta Killings, the filmmaker moved the Calcutta High Court. Two months later, he withdrew the writ petition and appealed to FCAT.
“The Kolkata CBFC members are useless and they have no knowledge of history,” Bhowmik said. “The censor board members are 30-35 year old boys who have grown up seeing song-dance films. How will they know history?”
On May 8, 2017, FCAT suggested some changes and directed the censor board to come to a decision after Bhowmik submitted the film with the necessary cuts. The Kolkata CBFC office asked Bhowmik to send the film back to the censor board headquarters in Mumbai.
In July, Bhowmik sent to a letter to the Kolkata CBFC office in which he threatened to kill himself if the censor board did not clear his film within a week. The film was sent back to FCAT, which finally gave a nod to the release.
“In the film, Jinnah abuses Nehru telling him, ‘Tum toh ek number ka aiyaash ho'. Sure, Nehru is India's first prime minister after independence but he wasn't the prime minister in 1946,” Bhowmik said. “The board cannot understand that. They see that Nehru is getting abused, and there's Gandhi and Netaji in the film, then there's Hindu-Muslim riots, so they got scared.”
In the trailer, Mookerjee spouts such lines as “Hindu dharma is sanatan dharma” and “If there's one religion that can stand the baggage of other religious texts, then it's Hinduism.” In several scenes, Jinnah is seen rebuking Nehru for not caring about India and blaming him for its destruction. There are graphic scenes of Hindus and Muslims slashing each other on the streets. Some Muslim characters are seen spouting provocative lines such as, “Now no one can stop Bengal from becoming Pakistan”, “Hindus will only survive by name” and “Hindustan ko kabrstan mein dafn karke main Pakistan banaunga.”
Set against this backdrop is a love story between a Muslim man and a Hindu woman. “It's a clean film, a beautiful love story, a Hindu-Muslim romance, and yet the CBFC had a problem,” Bhowmik claimed.
Play Chal Sanam, 1946 Calcutta Killings (2017).
Bhowmik disagreed that his film demonises Muslims, but added that “Muslims who live on Indian soil and eat Indian food and yet sing Pakistan's praises should be thrown out of the country”. This is “not a communal sentiment” but a “humanistic sentiment”, the filmmaker said.
Bhowmik is all praise for Gajendra Chauhan – “Such a dear person he is, a good actor and a sensitive human being.” Chauhan is also starring in Bhowmik's next film, based on the Indian Army. West Bengal governor and BJP politician Kesari Nath Tripathi has written a song for one of Bhowmik's upcoming films.
Although 1946 Calcutta Killings has hardly received any traction on social media in Bengal or elsewhere, it has found support online among Bengali Hindutva supporters. The Hindu Samhati, among others, has been trying to revive the memories of the 1946 riots in the state for a while.
Earlier CBFC declined certificate to one Bengali film,Danga, based on 1946 Great Calcutta Killings as it showed Gandhi & Nehru in poor light https://t.co/xfVk6NiKTH — Prasun Maitra (@prasunmaitra) July 13, 2017
The director, however, insisted that his film is not politically motivated. “I have taken whatever is happening today in our society and have transported it to 1946,” Bhowmik said. “We are supposed to be secular but political leaders are driving a wedge between us.”
Bhowmik did not specify whom he considered responsible for the communal disharmony he depicts through his film. “People say Modi is a rioter; if so, then Congress is also a rioter, Mamata [Banerjee] is also a rioter,” he said. “Nobody is a rioter but certain political circumstances are making people think on such lines.”
NATIONAL
A former special counsel who investigated a corruption scandal involving former President Lee Myung-bak appeared before prosecutors Saturday to be questioned on suspicions of covering up evidence linking the former leader to the scandal.
Chung Ho-young, the former special counsel in the so-called BBK case, arrives at the Seoul Eastern District Prosecutors` Office on Saturday. Yonhap
Chung Ho-young, the former special counsel in the so-called BBK case, arrived at the Seoul Eastern District Prosecutors' Office at 1:48 p.m. to face questioning about his suspected dereliction of duty in the 2008 probe into the BBK scandal.His summons follows a complaint from a civic organization, the People's Solidarity for Participatory Democracy, and a liberal lawyers' group that Chung may have covered up evidence linking the former president to BBK, an investment management firm whose Korean-American head Kim Kyoung-joon was found guilty of stock price rigging. Kim continues to claim Lee was the de facto owner of the now defunct firm. He has been released after serving his prison term."I, as a special counsel, carried out the (BBK) probe based on the review of relevant laws. If there is any misunderstanding, I'll earnestly give an explanation," Chung told reporters before entering the prosecutors' office.Chung served as an independent counsel to investigate the allegation shortly after the 2007 presidential election, which was won by Lee. After months of investigation, Chung and his team dropped all allegations against Lee, clearing the way for him to take the top executive office. Lee, a conservative, served as president from 2008 to 2013.The prosecution's fresh attempt to investigate the BBK scandal comes as part of its broader investigation into a slush fund scandal, in which the former president and his family are suspected of embezzling billions of won from an auto parts maker, DAS, suspected to be owned by Lee, an allegation he strongly denies.As recent evidence suggests possible links between Lee and DAS, as well as Chung's knowledge of it, the former special counsel voluntarily held a press conference earlier and claimed he had only dropped the allegations against Lee because the evidence he had found suggested a DAS employee was responsible for misappropriating and embezzling billions of won. (Yonhap)
The brother of Nikolas Cruz, the 19-year-old charged with the shooting rampage at a Parkland, Florida, high school last month, was arrested Monday for allegedly trespassing on the school's campus, according to the Broward County Sheriff's Office.
Zachary Cruz, 18, told deputies he skateboarded through the grounds of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School because he wanted to "reflect on the school shooting and soak it in," according to his arrest report. He allegedly bypassed the campus' locked doors and gates despite previous warnings by school officials to stay off the property, officials said.
Broward County prosecutors last week said they would seek a death sentence for Nikolas Cruz, who earlier this month was indicted by a grand jury on 34 counts of premeditated murder and attempted murder in the Feb. 14 massacre, which killed 17 people and injured the same number.
Students at schools across the country walked out of class last Wednesday to mark the one month since the shooting and protest gun violence. Survivors of the shooting plan to lead a gun-control march on Washington on March 24.
Zachary Cruz, who Broward County officials said has no ties to the area, was interviewed by detectives from multiple law enforcement agencies after the Feb. 14 massacre, according to police records. A Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office detective wrote in a report two days later that Zachary Cruz expressed remorse regarding the shooting and how he had treated his brother.
The brothers were adopted by Lynda and Roger Cruz when Nikolas was 2 and Zachary was two months old, friends and relatives said. Relatives said Nikolas and Zachary shared a biological mother but have different fathers.
The Cruz brothers both stayed with friends in Lantana, in Palm Beach County, Florida, after their mother died. While Nikolas Cruz had fights with those people and ultimately left the home, staying with another family before the shooting, his brother is described in police records after the rampage as remaining with them.
According to jail visitor logs, in the wake of the shooting rampage Zachary Cruz visited his brother at least twice, along with the woman the brothers stayed with after their mother died.
The shooting has also led to several investigations into how officials handled warnings about Cruz beforehand and how they reacted to the shooting when it occurred. Authorities on the local, state and federal level, for example, are examining how the FBI and Broward County Sheriff's Office responded to repeated warnings about Cruz's potential for carrying out a school shooting, and whether sheriff's deputies remained outside the school during the shooting, as some officers have alleged.
(c) 2018, The Washington Post. Written by Marwa Eltagouri
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Coal remains a staple commodity export from the Port of Baltimore, and exports from the area appear to be receiving a boost under the administration of President Donald Trump. A recent deal for thermal coal, also known as steam coal, between Pennsylvania-based firm Xcoal Energy & Resources and Ukraine-based Centrenergo PJSC is a major score for the ...
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. -- As a big league umpire, Dale Scott saw maybe 1 million pitches from the field. His final call, it turned out, was the easiest of all.
Rather than risk yet another concussion, Scott has decided to retire at 58.
"I'm done," he told The Associated Press.
The veteran crew chief missed nearly the entire 2017 season after a foul ball off the bat of Baltimore slugger Mark Trumbo in Toronto on April 14 caught him hard in the mask, causing Scott's second concussion in nine months and fourth in five years.
Umpire Dale Scott, who came out as gay after the 2014 season, worked 3,897 regular-season games and was a crew chief for 16 seasons, half his career. Rich Pilling/Getty Images
Within a few days, while undergoing treatment for head, neck and shoulder injuries, Scott realized it was the end of a major league career that began in 1985 and included three World Series assignments, three All-Star Games and 91 postseason games.
"In fact, it was pretty easy," he said. "I wasn't planning on this year being the last one. But I thought, this is a sign."
Especially when he asked three doctors about the possible long-term effects if he got jarred again.
"They said, 'We just don't know,'" Scott said. "But they told me that the more times you get hit, the more probability that you'll have issues."
This summer, he saw Bruno Mars and Green Day in concert, watched Fourth of July fireworks from a boat near his home in Portland, Oregon, and enjoyed more time with husband Michael Rausch.
They've been together since 1986 and were married in November 2013 in Palm Springs, California, by the city's mayor.
Scott came out as gay after the 2014 season. The next spring training, Reds outfielder Marlon Byrd gave Scott a big hug while trotting to the dugout.
"You're free, brother. I'm so proud of you," Byrd told him.
Says Scott: "I did feel free. I am who I am."
Scott's decision will resonate, said Billy Bean, Major League Baseball's vice president for social responsibility and inclusion. Bean came out as gay after his big league career ended in 1995.
"He has achieved everything in his umpiring career, and has carried himself with integrity and garnered the respect of his peers and MLB players," Bean said. "I am filled with pride as I reflect on all of his accomplishments. He's a pro's pro, who's been a wonderful example to the LGBT community and all sports fans."
"Years ago, Dale reached out to me after my personal story went public," he said. "If we had been able to have that conversation when I was still playing, I know it would have changed the course of my career. Dale's legacy will undoubtedly continue to inspire others to pursue their dreams, and I hope we see the results around MLB soon."
Scott worked 3,897 regular-season games and was a crew chief for 16 seasons, half his career.
"I was fortunate enough to have Dale as my crew chief for 10-plus years. A gifted umpire and true professional, he ran the crew with a smile as he mentored many of today's most successful umpires," fellow ump Dan Iassogna said.
"The courage that he showed in coming out while still working on the field is as much of an accomplishment as his many World Series and postseason assignments," he added.
Scott acknowledged his decision to retire might have been more difficult if his circumstances were different -- say, he was 40 and hadn't worked the World Series.
Now, he walks away with his health intact. And if there were any doubts, he keeps the video of that last violent concussion on his cellphone.
MLB provides long-term disability for umpires who cannot work because of concussion effects, the same as it does for other permanent injuries.
Scott wonders about umpires who are cleared as part of the concussion protocol and then face the choice of continuing to work and risk further injury, or leaving the game.
"That needs to be addressed," he said. "Maybe my situation can be a catalyst for that."
His future will include rooting like crazy for the Oregon Ducks and, having been a Top 40 AM radio DJ in high school, perhaps some voice work.
Scott also can look back on all the games he did: Among them, he was the plate umpire for Scott Erickson's no-hitter, he worked a season-opening series in Australia, and was the last umpire to eject hot-tempered manager Billy Martin.
And there was that game at old County Stadium in 1986, when a big crowd turned out to welcome the hugely popular Gorman Thomas back to the Milwaukee Brewers.
The first time Thomas batted, Scott called strike three. The fading slugger went 0-for-4 and when he got rung up in his last at-bat, it was more than Thomas could take.
"It's my night," he pleaded with the rookie ump, "not yours!"
Brother's Keeper: Pront's Squalid Crime Thriller a Promising Debut
Although we've seen certain tropes and characterizations aplenty, such as any number of disenfranchised families struggling to pull themselves out of criminality to pursue law abiding lives despite crippling odds, there's definitely an art to delivering enjoyable narratives such as this despite accusations of familiarity. Belgian director Robin Pront succeeds with gritty B-grade finesse for his entertaining, if ultimately unsurprising debut The Ardennes. Featuring a variety of notable Belgian and Dutch actors from producer Bart Van Langendonck (whose 2011 project Bullhead was a major international coup for not just Belgian cinema, but made names out of actor Matthias Schoenaerts and director Michael R. Roskam, who also pops up as producer here), this saga of two thieving brothers united after one gets out of prison for taking the rap of a joint burglary gone awry features some of the same elements, underscored with a particularly menacing mixture of misogyny born homoeroticism. Chilly and brooding, Pront and screenwriter Jeroen Perceval (who also gives himself the role as the film's sympathetic protagonist), make us wait for the third act before the film bares its nasty teeth, but proves to be well worth the anticipation.
When Dave (Perceval) and his younger brother Kenny (Kevin Janssens) bungle a home robbery, only one of them is apprehended. Rather than ratting his brother or girlfriend Sylvie (Veerle Baetens) out to the cops, Kenny takes complete blame and serves a four year prison sentence. While he's away, Sylvie grows close to Dave, who decides to clean up his act and lead a law abiding life with his new gal. Just as they discover they're pregnant, hot headed Kenny gets out of prison, eager to start up where he left off. Nonplussed to fine Sylvie has grown cold and distant (and wondering why she stopped visiting him in the slammer), he wrongly assumes she has begun seeing her boss at the nightclub where she works. Killing the man in a fight, Kenny begs Dave to come with him to the Ardennes, where his old prison roommate Stef (Jan Bijovet) resides, and who has particular skills with these exact kinds of situations.
Perceval is one of several recognizable faces amongst the cast, having starred alongside co-star Jan Bijovet in Alex Van Warmerdam's excellent 2013 Dutch feature, Borgman (a title which also elevated the visibility of its country's native film industry). Looking extremely weatherworn thanks to some distinctive make-up and lighting choices, Veerle Baetens stars as reluctant femme fatale cum ex-addict, a performer best known for her tragic characterization in Felix Van Groeningen's 2013 film The Broken Circle Breakdown. Here, she's merely a free-floating object in swamp of squalor, clutching her lap dog at a tense Christmas dinner reunion where her glowering ex-convict ex-boyfriend has no idea she's shacked up with his brother, providing the roux for the beginnings of a wonderful Country Western song. And then there's Sam Louwyck (of Koen Mortier's Ex-Drummer and Roskam's Bullhead), appearing as the drag queen lover of Bijovet's trailer park butcher in what has to be one of his strangest on-screen appearances to date.
Bijovet scores some unsettling moments as a man who proclaims his distaste for the manipulative tendencies of women drove him to (a rather enthusiastic) state of homosexuality, and a diatribe about the mating tendencies of cranes comes across as a bit belabored despite the actor's ability. His murky relationship with Kenny, and just how close they were in prison, breathes a whole lot of anxious energy into the atmosphere of The Ardennes. The fraught relationship between Sylvie and the two brothers speaks for itself, even when Pront reveals several twists and turns meant to heighten the dramatic tension.
Stylistically, The Ardennes resembles the chilliness envisioned in many a Nordic Noir, and DP Robrecht Heyvaert makes the home life and self-help group interiors pale in comparison to the vibrant allure of a jolting night club, where crime and pleasure are one in the same. Likewise, the titular exteriors of the brothers' youthful memory turned crime scene is a wasteland of gutted trailers and smoky daytime bars inhabited by shifty, out-of-focus characters.
Composer Hendryk Willemyns provides a fitting score, but several choice song selections, including a closing credit sequence utilizing a 2014 electro track from Flesh & Bone makes the film feel like a throwback to something made a decade earlier (which is meant to be a compliment).
★★★½/☆☆☆☆☆
Photo: Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé, the beer's namesake and label inspiration, ordered the creators to cease and desist. The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it. Now, members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles.
Related: Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment.
“As a Hispanic, female-run business, I am very inspired by her so I thought I'd pay homage,” Martinez told Pitchfork. “We're disappointed she didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!”
Bey and her representatives have not commented.
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles, including Bon Appétit magazine, which wrote that it's “perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song.”
We'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé, but it'd be a shame to waste it.
Wednesday morning forecast
Tyler Ryan's Wednesday morning forecast
A cloudy, humid start to the day with morning fog. The skis will give us a mix of clouds and good bit of sun this afternoon. Temps stay very warm, topping off at 89 with the potential for an isolated afternoon sprinkle.
HALIFAX—Halifax Regional Police Chief Jean-Michel Blais has announced he's retiring next year after more than six years in the role. In a news release on Wednesday afternoon, Blais called the job of leading the police and serving the community “the greatest privileges of my personal life.”
Halifax Regional Police Chief Jean-Michel Blais speaks at the Board of Police Commissioners meeting at Halifax City Halifax last year. ( Jeff Harper / StarMetro file )
“The decision to retire is not one I made lightly,” he's quoted. Blais was appointed chief in October 2012 after working for the RCMP for 25 years. He plans to retire by March 31, 2019. His contract was extended last August past his original work term, which ended on Oct. 10, 2017. Blais told reporters at the time that he wanted to stay on the job another three years.
Article Continued Below
Councillor Steve Craig, chair of the Board of Police Commissioners, said in the release that the board looks forward to a “smooth transition and a thorough selection process for the next Chief.” More to come.
Read more about:
The Man, the Myth, the Legend Vol. 3: Rowdy Roddy Piper
Wrestler. Hall of Famer. Legend. Rowdy.
"Just when they think they know all the answers, I start changing the questions!"
Roddy Piper said that once after delivering a beatdown on his famous "Piper's Pit" segment from the WWE's classic era. It's a fitting quote indeed from a man who was equal parts mercurial warrior and passionate family man.
Only Sportskeeda gives you the latest Wrestling News, rumors and updates.
In many ways, Roddy was a study in contradictions. Born Roderick Toombs in Canada and raised in a rough part of town, he had to carry a switchblade for protection from the local gangs. When he was caught with the weapon at his high school, Roddy was expelled, and his father kicked him out to the streets.
Roddy managed to finish school and even attended college while living in youth hostels. In order to make extra money, he worked at several local gyms and started running errands for the gym members, some of whom were professional wrestlers.
In his spare time, what little there was, he taught himself to play the bagpipes to celebrate his Scottish heritage. This whim would eventually pay off dividends in the pro wrestling world.
Once Roddy started pro wrestling, everyone knew he would be a star. Here are ten of the most legendary –some might say rowdy–moments from Rowdy Roddy Piper's life and career.
1. Golden Gloves boxer
Roddy engages in a worked shoot boxing match against Mr. T at Wrestlemania II
Roddy Piper had a reputation as a legitimate tough man and for good reason. Before he became a pro wrestler, he was a skilled amateur boxer. He was even able to win the prestigious Golden Gloves tournament.
His skills were put to good use, and not just in the wrestling ring. Piper's acting career was given a boost by his ability to perform his own fighting and stunts, and he was able to carry Mr. T to a worked boxing match at Wrestlemania.
National Cooperative Bank, which provides banking solutions for cooperatives nationwide, this week released its annual NCB Co-op 100, listing the nation's top 100 revenue-earning cooperative businesses. In 2016, these businesses posted revenue totaling approximately $208 billion. The report also highlights the ways co-ops commit to their members, sustainability, education, impact, kindness and their community.
“The economic impact of cooperatives is critical to our economy,” said Charles E. Snyder, president and CEO of NCB. “Cooperatives can be seen in just about every industry across America, including local food, finance, housing and energy. Whether it's (bringing) fresh local food through a food co-op or affordable homeownership through a housing cooperative, cooperatives help strengthen communities.”
The top revenue producers in the grocery and agriculture sectors identified by the report are:
Grocery
Agriculture
CHS Inc. , based in Saint Paul, Minnesota, reported $30.3 billion in revenue in 2016, maintaining its first-place position.
Dairy Farmers of America , based in Kansas City, Missouri, reported $13.5 billion in revenues, earning the number two spot.
While the companies and rankings change each year, the cooperative sector continues to advance, playing an increasingly influential role in the national and global economy, says NCB. Released annually in October during National Co-op Month, the NCB Co-op 100 is one of the ways the bank says it strives to educate and promote the importance of this sector. As a long-time advocate for cooperatives, NCB's mission is providing financing to support the growth and expansion of cooperative businesses, while also deploying hundreds of millions of dollars to support underserved communities and cooperative expansion initiatives.
Cooperatives exist in a cross-section of sectors, including agriculture, grocery, hardware and lumber, finance, energy and communications, housing, and recreation among others. These co-ops provide more than two million jobs and create more than $75 billion in annual wages with revenue of nearly $650 billion.
Although similar to other business models, a cooperative has several unique features. It is owned and controlled by its members, who have joined together to use the cooperative's goods, services and facilities. A board of directors, elected by the membership, sets the cooperative's policies and procedures. By pooling resources, members can leverage their shared power to buy, sell, market or bargain as one group, achieving economies of scale and sharing in any profits generated.
Police helicopter crashes in Turkey (UPDATING)
2017-04-18 16:23 | www.trend.az | 0
Baku, Azerbaijan, Apr. 18
By Orkhan Quluzade – Trend:
16:23 (GMT+4) There were 12 people in the Sikorsky S-70 helicopter, which crashed in Turkey's southeastern province of Tunceli, the Turkish Hurriyet newspaper reported.
"There were seven policemen, two judges and three crewmen in the helicopter," the newspaper reported.
The helicopter belonged to the country's main police department.
The rescuers were sent to the crash site.
15:15 (GMT+4) A police helicopter has crashed in Turkey's southeastern province of Tunceli, the Turkish media report.
It is not ruled out that the helicopter crashed due to bad weather conditions.
Story still developing
YAHOO NEWS:
A Republican lawmaker is pushing to add Oklahoma to the list of states in which so-called chemical castration is an option for certain sex offenders, albeit an option that rarely gets used.
State Rep. Rick West, a first-term lawmaker from Heavener, said he filed the bill at the request of a constituent and that he fully intends to push for its passage, though it's likely to face strong opposition, even in a conservative state with a tough-on-crime reputation.
If approved, Oklahoma would join at least seven other states that have laws allowing courts to order chemical treatments that reduce male testosterone for certain sex offenders, although experts say the punishment is rarely carried out and one described it as a “half fantasy” version of criminal justice.
ACCORDING to media reports today properties leased to berry and avocado producer Costa Group may be sold.
It is believed Costa Asset Management may have appointed Kidder Williams to field offers for 14 properties including those leased by Costa Group.
The Costa's as one of the country's richest families is said to be testing the market to sell properties leased to berry and avocado producer Costa Group, which is among the sharemarket's best performers over the past year.
Sources said Costa Asset Management - which is chaired by Robert Costa, who co-founded Costa Group with his brother and former Geelong Football Club chairman Frank Costa - may have appointed Kidder Williams to field offers for 14 properties including those operated and leased by Costa Group.
The move would unwind some of the Costa family's related party transactions with the listed Costa Group, an arrangement, which has been queried by a number of investors and analysts since the group listed in July 2015.
Costa Group's Range Rd blueberry farm. Trevor Veale
Costa Group floated at $2.25 a share in July 2015 and closed on Tuesday at $4.71.
The properties leased to Costa Group include blueberry and raspberry farms north of Corindi.
"If they did look to sell them, we may or may not be interested in buying them," said Costa Group chief executive Harry Debney when contacted by The Australian Financial Review.
"They are not a dominant part of our portfolio, we have in excess of 40 farms."
The leases for the Costa Asset Management farms expire in 2026, with options to renew.
MLB Team Set to Debut First Patterned Batting Helmet
Photos courtesy of Rawlings; click to enlarge
What you see above is a new Braves batting helmet with a hydro dipped carbon fiber pattern, similar to the ones we've seen several college football teams wearing in recent years. I have the full story behind it in an exclusive ESPN story today. Check it out here.
Personally, I really like it (although I fear it may lead to other hydro dipped designs that are less attractive than this one). Here's a rear view:
• • • • •
ITEM! New raffle: Stewart & Strauss has been specializing in custom-designed varsity jackets for years (they even made me a Uni Watch jacket a few years back). Now they have a new product line: satin jackets.These aren't Starter-style vinyl jackets — they're high-quality satin, silky smooth to the touch. And now we're raffling one of them off to a Uni Watch reader.
The lucky winner will be able to use S&S's jacket builder interface (there's a link to that on the satin jackets page) to design a custom satin jacket, which will be produced and shipped for free.
To enter, send an email to the giveaway address by this Friday, April 14, 7pm Eastern. One entry per person. The winner will be announced on April 17. Good luck!
• • • • •
ITEM! T-shirt news: My thanks to everyone who purchased our latest limited-edition Uni Watch Artist's Series shirt, designed by Larry Torrez. Although that shirt is no longer available, several of you asked about the shirt Larry did about a year ago, featuring the same design I now use as the avatar for the Uni Watch social media accounts (shown at right; click to enlarge).
I've decided to bring this shirt back. And unlike our other shirts, this one will not be a limited edition — it will stay in print indefinitely and will be the “default” Uni Watch shirt. Although the sales listing page currently says “Available until Thursday,” the campaign will auto-renew every three days. This also means you won't have to wait as long to receive your shirts — they'll print every three days.
I've made the design available in black and gray, and in a wide range of styles: short- and long-sleeved, sweatshirt, hoodie, and women's. You can also order coffee mugs (lots of colors), tote bags (“natural”), and stickers. Click to enlarge:
All of this is available here. Meanwhile, our next design in the Artist's Series will be coming soon. Stay tuned.
• • • • •
If you can't see the slideshow above, click here
XCIII: Yesterday was my mother's 93rd birthday, so my brother, my girlfriend, and I took her out to her favorite lunch spot and then went for a walk on the beach. I'm embarrassed to say that my brother and I bickered about a few things, which soured the mood at one point (we don't always bring out the best in each other, which is how families sometimes are), but overall it was a very good day.
Mom is in remarkably good shape. It seems highly likely that we'll be repeating this routine (hopefully without the sibling bickering) next year.
• • • • •
The Ticker
By Alex Hider
Baseball News : Yesterday the Pirates broke out their “We Are Family” throwbacks for the first time this season. … Since the Pirates' throwback pants don't have belt loops, the MLB logo appears centered on the back of the waistband (from Jerry Wolper). … We had two blue-on-blue games Sunday: Brewers/Cubs and Jays/Rays (from Andrew Carrigan and Derek Marusyk). … Some Astros players wore rainbow-striped socks yesterday — the first time the 'Stros have worn tequila sunrise-inspired socks since the 1970s (from Mike Acosta). … The White Sox wore their own Sunday throwbacks yesterday, and some players had “Sox” on their socks (from Mike Schindler). … A few Brewers wore “Ball-in-Glove” socks yesterday (from Sam Sears). … C Alex Avila wore No. 13 when he played for the Tigers from 2009-2015. Now, he's back in Detroit and wearing No. 31 (from School). … Twins bat boys now have “BB” on the front and back of their jerseys. Also note the accent mark on Miguel Sanó's NOB (from F.K. Yaaj). … The Albuquerque Isotopes wore red jerseys over black pants yesterday (from Scott Kaplanides). … Orange (with camo caps)-vs.-charcoal matchup for Florida and Tennessee yesterday (from Reid Cure). … This site tracks what equipment some of the best MLB players use (from Mike Weston). … The umpires' caps have the New Era logo creep this year, just like the players' caps. But some umps are apparently wearing older caps without the logo.
NFL News : This is apparently the 2017 Draft Day cap for the Lions. Note the new wordmark. The team will be unveiling its new uniforms this Thursday (from Erik Kissel). … Update from Sunday's post: Upon further research, reader Bill Moss now believes that it was not Bruiser Kinard who was wearing No. 0 in that Dodgers/Lions clip from 1939. Bill now believes that the player in question may have been kicker Bill Reissig, who wore the number in 1938-39 for the Dodgers.
Hockey News : Strange move by the Red Wings, who did not wear the “Farewell to the Joe” patch in the final game at the Joe (from Erik Kissel). … Here's a great video that shows how the Maple Leafs' logo and team name were derived from a World War I battle (from Will Leslie). … The Oilers' Connor McDavid had his shirt tucked in for the least part of Saturday's game — which is technically against the rules (form Univers). … Check out the sensor on the back of Jonathan Quick's goalie gear. According to The Goal Net, that'a a “catapult device,” which measures the force of impact from collisions. … Spectacular Soviet-era sweaters for hockey club Izhstal Izhevsk. Wild, right? (From Slava Malamud‏).
Basketball News : Steph Curry has a new pair of sneakers for sale, and just like last year, the internet does not approve. … Super-bright color-on-color game between the Nuggets and Thunder last night (from Ethan Javage). … The Cavs wore white on the road yesterday against the Hawks, who wore their red alts. … Here's a snapshot of UNC coach Roy Williams's championship ring collection, which includes everything from National Championships to conference championships (from Dan Tarrant).
Soccer News : Real Salt Lake had to use an orange ball for visibility during a snowy match against Vancouver on Saturday. More awesome blizzard pictures here (from Wade Heidt). … Louisville City FC of the USL will unveil a new third kit tomorrow (from Josh Hinton). … Per Ian Gerig, at least two members of the Seattle Sounders were missing their championship stars last night. … Yesterday marked the 20th anniversary of Chelsea wearing Coventry's away kits because of color clashing (from Jay Kenney). … Great find by Ray Hunt, who sends along this photo of WWI soldiers playing soccer in 1915.
Grab Bag : Interesting graphic: No Masters winner has worn red on Sunday since Tiger Woods won his last green jacket in 2005 (from Museum of Jerseys). … North Carolina lacrosse went BFBS yesterday (from James Gilbert). … A columnist for the Minneapolis Star-Tribune says jersey changes are one of the “greatest scams in pro sports.” Or, you could just not buy a jersey (from Jimmy Lonetti). … I'm sure we've seen it before, but it's always a good to remind everyone that “Keggy the Keg” is an unofficial mascot at Dartmouth (from Douglas Ford).
• • • • •
Happy Passover to all who are celebrating tonight.
ISLAMABAD, Apr 24 (APP):The government is all set to launch the Economic Survey 2017-18 on Thursday, April 26, to share key economic indicators and the performance of different sectors of the economy during the year.
The survey would highlight the main features of the government's economic policies, which had resulted in macro-economic stability and growth rate of about 5.8 per cent.
The survey will cover the development of all the important sectors of economy, including growth and investment, agriculture, manufacturing, mining, fiscal development, money and credit, capital markets, inflation, debt and liabilities.
The survey will also highlight the performance of agriculture, education, health and nutrition, besides showing the overall population, labour force and employment, poverty, transport and communication and per capital income, sources said.
It will also highlight issues of environment, contingent liabilities, tax expenditure as well as economic and social indicators.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, on May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with his former hairdresser. Greitens said his resignation would take effect on June 1, 2018.
JULIE SMITH, The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP
A day after Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens announced his resignation, St. Louis prosecutor Kim Gardner dismissed one of the criminal charges the embattled politician faced.
Greitens' defense attorneys reached out to Gardner's office Saturday, offering the governor's resignation in exchange for the circuit attorney's office to drop the felony computer tampering charge, said Susan Ryan, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Office's spokeswoman.
The charge was dismissed with prejudice, meaning the prosecutor's office cannot refile the charge.
Ryan said the conditional agreement signed by both sides will be filed with the court soon.
Gardner said at a news conference Wednesday morning that the "most fair and just way" to resolve the situation in light of Greitens' resignation was to dismiss the felony computer tampering charge against the governor.
More: Embattled Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens resigns amid scandals
More: Timeline: Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens' path to resignation
"If Mr. Greitens were convicted of this charge, it would be unlikely that he would be sentenced to prison, given his first-time-offender status and the type and level of the charge he faced," Gardner said. "I remain confident that we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens. But sometimes, pursuing charges is not the right or just thing to do for our city or state. Just as I believe the Mr. Greitens' decision to resign is best for our state, I too, have to consider the totality of the situation."
Attorney General Josh Hawley investigated how Greitens' campaign obtained donor data from the charity Greitens founded, finding probable cause to pursue a felony charge of computer tampering against Greitens. He referred those charges to Gardner.
Hawley described the alleged criminal wrongdoing as “certainly impeachable” offenses, raising the prospect that Greitens could be removed from office involuntarily. Later, lawmakers voted themselves into a special session to consider just that.
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens in April on the computer tampering charge. A grand jury also indicted him in February on a felony invasion of privacy charge, but that has since been dismissed. A special prosecutor could refile the charge.
Gardner said she could not comment on the felony invasion of privacy charge. She said Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker has "complete authority" over that case.
Hours after his resignation, Gardner's office announced it had resolved one of the criminal cases involving Greitens.
Greitens announced his resignation Tuesday afternoon, leaving behind a brief and tumultuous legacy and moving on from his first public office with the continued prospect of criminal prosecution related to his 2016 campaign.
“I know, and people of good faith know, that I am not perfect, but I have not broken any laws nor committed any offense worthy of this treatment," Greitens said. "I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history.”
Greitens said his last day in office will be Friday. He said he is proud of what has been accomplished during his tenure, but it was time to resign.
The state constitution lays out an order of succession in which Lt. Gov. Mike Parson, who was elected separately, will take over for his fellow Republican.
Parson is expected to be sworn in to serve the remainder of Greitens' four-year term.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens resigns effective June 1 Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, on May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with his former hairdresser. Greitens said his resignation would take effect on June 1, 2018. 01 / 13 Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, on May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with his former hairdresser. Greitens said his resignation would take effect on June 1, 2018. 01 / 13
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Frame is known for tapping big name models for one-off capsule collections. Past collabs include one with Lara Stone in November 2016 and another with Karlie Kloss, who designed an extra-long, tall-girl pair of jeans (naturally). The brand's next collaborator, however, comes from an altogether different sphere. Frame founders, Jens Grede and Erik Torstensson have teamed up with a Ben Gorham, a close personal friend and the brains behind cult lifestyle brand, Byredo. The all-male trio has designed a capsule of menswear.
After expanding into luggage, small leather accessories, and sunglasses, this capsule will be the first time Ben has tried his hand at ready-to-wear. He's elected to title the collection “Away From His Hands,” and according to a press release from Frame, the range is inspired by the youth culture that surround rodeos in America. The full line includes structured leather vests, denim jackets with ranch-inspired paisley print linings, and graphic cowboy logos tees—and will be available to shop on Frame's website from tomorrow.
Here, you can catch a first look at the capsule's accompanying campaign, which was photographed by Torstensson and cast by Gorham. It stars Peruvian R&B singer A.Chal. in a series of moody monochromatic poses. Ahead of tomorrow's big launch, Frame said it hopes the imagery conjures up the same "effortless attitude" Gorham channeled while designing the collection.
The Frame x Ben Gorham capsule collection will be available to shop from tomorrow, April 27th at frame-store.com.
President Muhammadu Buhari and the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr. Ibe Kachikwu, are currently meeting behind closed doors at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
This is the first one on one meeting Buhari will be having with the minister since a letter Ibe wrote to the President on the conduct of the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Dr. Maikanti Baru, was made public.
Kachikwu arrived the Presidential Villa at about 11:40 am for the meeting.
The minister had stated in the letter in which he accused Baru of insubordination among others that he resorted to writing the letter after several unsuccessful attempts to meet the President personally since he returned to the country.
More Details later
Microsoft plans to bring a number of new features for users with visual impairment to Windows 10, the company announced in a blog post earlier today. Chief among the updates, which are due out with the next version of the desktop software, are additions to the Ease of Access setting panel.
The updated page will be grouped together by vision, hearing and interaction, which the most frequently used settings listed first. A number of new settings are being added to the page, as well, including the ability to “Make Everything Bigger” and “Make Everything Brighter.”
Narrator, the company's screen-reading app, is being tweaked to be more responsive to keyboard input and offer more continuous control reading. The feature has also been tweaked to offer up more information like “page loading” in the Edge Browser, as well as letting users control text styles with vocal inflections. That means, instead of having to say, “start bold” to bold text, users can adjust the style with the sound of their voice.
Eye control is being improved as well, including the ability to pause eye control for reading and better navigation. Though that feature is apparently still in the beta testing stages. Speaking of, a number of the features are already in preview through Insider builds, for those who want to get an early jump on the action.
Microsoft's also promising additional accessibility features later this year in line with a promise CEO Satya Nadella made back in 2015, to “embrace inclusion in our product design and company culture.”
Pinckney High School Students Evacuated & Sent Home After Gas Leak
May 30, 2018
Following a gas leak earlier today, students at Pinckney High School were evacuated to the school's football field and then sent home for the day.
The leak was thought to have occurred in a roof unit at the school on Dexter-Pinckney Road shortly after class began for the day. Students were evacuated to the school's football field and from there were allowed to return home either by bus or if a parent or guardian picked them up. According to Pinckney Superintendent Rick Todd, as of 11am, all of the school's students were on their way home. Todd said he was proud of how "awesome" the students were throughout the entire process and that they relied on their "flexibility, patience and trust in getting everyone taken care of and more importantly, home safely with a parent or on the bus." Todd added that the local EMS and Livingston County Crisis Response Team, "were a great support as they provided water and made sure any and all health related concerns could be addressed immediately."
Todd also commended the school's staff who he said were instrumental in making sure students felt safe and informed while working with parents/guardians who were there to pick up their student. "The leadership, calmness and compassion they exhibited were vital in making our students feel more at ease and they also were instrumental for the efficiency of the entire process. Given the recent events in our nation, it is expected that both student's and parent's anxiety would be elevated in any type of emergency, but our staff did a wonderful job in helping minimize the worry that comes when unexpected situations like this occur."
Todd said he fully expected that the gas issue will be fixed this afternoon and that school will be in session tomorrow at the high school. (JK)
You are here: Home » The WTTS Blog » WTTS Indy Underground: August 14, 2017
The WTTS Blog
Join Laura Duncan Monday and Saturday Nights at 8 for the best from the independent world of music on WTTS Indy Underground. This week…
A track from The National's upcoming release Sleep Well Beast , out September 8th.
upcoming release , out September 8th. Plus, The Afghan Whigs cover Pleasure Club.
cover Pleasure Club. A new song from Deer Tick's Vol. 2, out September 15th.
Vol. 2, out September 15th. And, a chance at tickets to see Son Little at White Rabbit Cabaret September 26th.
Indy Underground is powered by Karma Records. Indy's Place for Vinyl, CD's and more since 1970.
Watch/Listen
LG Electronics Inc. said Tuesday it plans to expand the number of applications customized for the flagship G6 smartphone, allowing users to better utilize the 18:9 screen and other top-notch features.
The country's No. 2 tech giant said it plans to provide 300 applications optimized for the G6 smartphone through its own app store by next month. There are currently around 200 apps available in the market.
(Yonhap)
The company said the move aims to allow users to better enjoy digital content, such as games and movies through the 18:9 screen of the G6."Compared with conventional 16:9 aspect ratio displays, the 18:9 format offers more viewing space and a more immersive experience when streaming videos and playing games," LG said in a previous statement.LG said the G6 is the first smartphone that supports both Dolby Vision and HDR technologies, which offer "a wider range of color and luminosity, wherein both the darkest and the brightest areas are more vivid." (Yonhap)
Traffic Reminder: Central Scranton Expressway outbound closed today through Thursday
Last-minute tax filers expected to flood IRS with returns WILKES-BARRE — Tax Day is here. Today is the last day to pay taxes or seek an extension without incurring penalties, and the Internal Revenue Service says it expects to receive about 12 million returns this week from last-minute filers. (read more)
Fire destroys young couple's Archbald home ARCHBALD — Mike Kania's home was intact when he left to pick up a friend for Easter dinner. When he returned, it was in flames. (read more)
Holiday temperature record set Sunday Sunday's soaring temperatures scorched a holiday record by 14 degrees, with temperatures for Easter Sunday higher than the last 10 years. (read more)
Libraries to add 3-D printer, 'creation stations' The 3-D printer steadily hummed as it methodically melted plastic and spread the blue material into a thin layer in the basement computer lab at Lackawanna County Children's Library. (read more)
Whatever happened in paradise, it was bad. The Bachelor star Corinne Olympios has spoken out about the event that shut down production on Bachelor in Paradise, in addition to hiring a top lawyer. While originally we were excited to hear that Corinne was in the cast, we're now very concerned about what transpired between her and DeMario Jackson (who recently appeared on Rachel Lindsay's season of The Bachelorette). While various franchise alums have spoken out about the cancellation, allegedly due to "misconduct," Corinne just released a statement on the incident on June 14. Here is the full statement, via her publicist Stan Rosenfield:
"I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened the June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production. As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening."
Host Chris Harrison also released an official statement, but we still don't know exactly what happened on the set.
RAWALPINDI, Dec 11 (APP):The Frontier Corps (FC) Balochistan apprehended six terrorists of banned
Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) during different intelligence based operations
(IBOs) in the province on Monday.
According to an Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) statement issued here, the IBOs
were carried out in Rustam Darbar, Dera Bugti and Killi Deba areas.
Explosives, arms and ammunition including anti personal mines, detonators, communications
equipment were also recovered during the operations.
Meanwhile, in Punjab, Pakistan Rangers Punjab along with police and Intelligence agencies
conducted IBOs in Attock, Rawalpindi and Sargodha and apprehended 12 terrorist
facilitators. A number of illegal weapons and ammunition were also recovered.
The IBOs were conducted as part of the ongoing Operation Radd ul Fasaad.
TRIBUTES have been paid to a Burghfield schoolboy who died in what is being described as a “tragic incident” at The Oracle Shopping Centre in Reading on Monday.
Kaden Reddick, aged 10 and a year six pupil at Garland Junior School, was rushed to hospital with serious head injuries after a display unit fell on top of him at the Topshop store.
Thames Valley Police has launched an investigation to establish the circumstances surrounding his death.
Today (Wednesday), his family said: "Kaden was a loving, cheeky, energetic boy whose death will leave a huge empty hole in the lives of everybody that knew him. Our house feels empty without him.
"Kaden loved family holidays, with swimming being his favourite pastime. He was always the first one in any pool or the sea. It didn't matter how cold it was, he would jump in, trying to get everyone to join him.
"Kaden was a very creative boy, who loved school. He was going to be helping with making the props for the next school play, and he had set up his bedroom as a classroom to play with his siblings, labelling his room Strawberry class. He was also adventurous; loving to play outside on his bike, or with his friends in the woods.
"For us the saddest part of Kaden's death is that he will never be able to fulfil his potential. He was looking forward to driving his older brothers moped, driving a car, becoming a teacher, or visiting impossibly distant countries to him such as China. It is so hard to comprehend he will never do these things.
"Kaden will be forever remembered by us; with him looking down from the stars, and us looking up and smiling at all of our loving memories of him. He was much loved by all of his family and friends, and will be hugely missed by his siblings, and everyone else who was touched by his warmth and love."
His school, Garland Junior, described him as an “energetic young man who enjoyed helping others.”
In a tribute to the youngster, the school said: “It is with deep sadness that we can confirm that one of our pupils, Kaden Reddick, died on Monday.
“Kaden's death has come as a shock to the school community and his loss will be felt by all our pupils, teaching staff and governors.
“Kaden was a pupil in year six and an energetic young man who enjoyed helping others.
“Although the school is on half-term holiday we have contacted the pupils and parents to inform them of the sad news.
“When the new term starts on Monday pupils will be offered support by staff within the school and from other professionals.
“Today we send our heart-felt condolences to Kaden's family and our thoughts will remain with them as they come to terms with his death.
“In time, we will discuss with them how our school can best pay tribute to Kaden.”
A date for a post-mortem has not yet been set.
Det Supt Paul Hayles of Force CID based at Reading police station, said: "This is a tragic incident in which a boy has lost his life.
“We are supporting the boy's family to assist them at this very difficult time.
"We continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding this death, a scene watch is in place at the Topshop store and is likely to be in place for some time.
"Detectives are now working with the local authority and the store owners to gather all of the information on how this incident happened.”
Thames Valley Police were called to the The Oracle at 4.15pm on Monday.
WARNING: This story contains images of stillborn babies.
PHOTOGRAPHER Julieanne Perera spends her workdays being paid to capture life's happiest moments, shooting weddings, happy families and fun commercial campaigns.
But about once a month she receives a request to photograph a family enduring the worst day of their lives - the birth of their stillborn baby - and she does it all for free.
Ms Perera is a member of Heartfelt, a volunteer organisation of 350 professional photographers across Australia and New Zealand who photograph around 150 stillborn babies and their families a month.
Having a set of beautiful photographs of their child can help parents of stillborn babies hang on to precious memories.
"One of the common fears parents have is that they will forget what their baby looks like,"
Heartfelt president Gavin Blue told news.com.au.
"It also helps make it real for their friends and family. If you can have a photographer create some gentle, non-confronting photos, the families are more likely to share that within their community. They can see it was a fully formed baby. They can be a bit more understanding about what they're going through," Mr Blue said.
Heartfelt president Gavin Blue's stillborn daughter Alexandra. Picture: Heartfelt
Heartfelt president Gavin Blue with his wife and stillborn daughter Alexandra. Picture: Heartfelt
Heartfelt's network of photographers communicate via a private Facebook group and text. When a stillborn baby is born and its parents request a photographer, an alert is sent out to members in the relevant state.
"Sometimes we can get a photographer to them in under an hour. In one state we might miss one session a month because we just can get there. It's not uncommon for a member to drive a couple of hours to get to a family. The members are so amazing to get there. It's really gutsy of them to volunteer to go into that space," Mr Blue said.
"We're often the first non-medical people that the parents see, so just the fact that someone is happy to drop everything and come in, that's half the service. When the world has gone to shit, just the fact that someone is willing to do something kind can mean the world."
Most Heartfelt photographers have some personal experience with pregnancy or infant loss, including Ms Perera, who lost a baby at 20 weeks.
While her Heartfelt photography sessions are "incredibly difficult", Ms Perera says it's when she leaves that she realises the impact she has made.
"It's about being able to give a gift that not many people can give. It's totally irreplaceable," she said.
"Sometimes it's a very difficult situation. I've gone into sessions where I've been there for two to three hours and I've been in sessions that last only five to 10 minutes. It's the worst moment of their lives and you have to meet all their needs and have to be thinking on your feet … about what to say, what not to say. It's just about honouring their baby."
What makes such a tough job worthwhile is the messages of support she receives from parents.
"We do get beautiful messages and it's in those moments that I realise what I get out if it.
It took a long time for my family and friends to understand why I was doing something like this. But the parents say they are beyond grateful and that they have no way of repaying us or thanking us," Ms Perera said.
Marianne Cottle with her baby Rosie in a photo taken by a Heartfelt photographer.
Marianne Cottle with her baby Rosie in a photo taken by a Heartfelt photographer.
A stillbirth is defined as the birth of a baby after 20 weeks gestation or weighing 400g or more, who shows no signs of life. About 2000 stillborn babies are born in Australia each year, or about one baby every five hours.
Stillbirth advocates say more research and public awareness is needed to reduce that rate, so a senate select committee inquiry has been set up to report on the future of stillbirth research and education in Australia.
The inquiry is currently calling for public submissions, which close on June 29, and the committee will report its findings next year.
Only eight public submissions have been made so far, but many of those women chose to have their stillborn babies photographed by a Heartfelt volunteer.
"Straight after Franklin was born I had to be taken for surgery," wrote Christine Prosser, who lost her son Franklin in 2014.
"Franklin was brought back to us the next morning when I was awake. He was cold and his skin was dark and delicate. We spent time looking at him and cuddling him and had some more beautiful photos taken by a volunteer Heartfelt photographer."
But not all parents are educated about the various ways they can commemorate their child's life, including having a photographer capturing their last moments together.
Sydney woman Jennie Klohs wrote in her public submission that she only found out about the option to take photographs of her stillborn baby Maddison when it was too late.
"There needs to be bereavement suits in all major hospitals in Australia to help give a little comfort and privacy in such a horrible time. In the suits there need to be resources and information on services that is available to parents such as photography, hand and footprint inking and Angels gowns … most of which I found out about when it was too late," Mrs Klohs wrote.
If you're a professional photographer who would like to volunteer with Heartfelt, visit heartfelt.org.au
If you are looking for more information about stillbirths visit The Stillbirth Foundation or Sands, an organisation supporting those experiencing miscarriages, stillbirths and newborn deaths. Sands has a 24 hour support line on 1300 072 637.
You can make a public submission to the Senate's stillbirth inquiry online. Submissions close on June 29.
If you'd like to share your stillbirth story with news.com.au, email rebecca.sullivan@news.com.au.
UNITED NATIONS, Aug 14 (APP): More than 500,000 people in Yemen are
suspected of having cholera, the United Nations health agency said Monday, warning that the disease is spreading quickly due to a lack of clean water or health access.
“Yemen's cholera epidemic, currently the largest in the world, has
spread rapidly due to deteriorating hygiene and sanitation conditions and disruptions to the water supply across the country,” the UN World Health Organization (WHO) said in a statement.
Nearly 2,000 people have died since the outbreak began at the end of
April, the UN agency added.
It blames a collapsing health system, a lack of clean water, and a
build-up of human waste, which is not being collected in major cities.
Shortages in medicines and supplies is “persistent and widespread,” WHO said, adding that health workers have not been paid in nearly a year.
“Yemen's health workers are operating in impossible conditions,”
Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO Director-General, said. “These doctors and nurses are the backbone of the health response, without them we can do nothing in Yemen. They must be paid their wages so that they can continue to save lives.”
The UN said it is supporting partners to set up cholera treatment
clinics, rehabilitate health facilities, deliver medical supplies, and support national health response efforts.
In his statement, Mr. Tedros called for a political solution to the
conflict in Yemen.
Along the Chari and Logone rivers separating Cameroon from Chad's capital, four flat-bottomed boats, mounted with machine guns, brimming with Chadian and other special forces, round the curve as they approach the riverbank.
Forming an assault force, heavily armed soldiers leap out of the vessels and race up a slope to take up positions while backup forces have their machine guns at the ready.
It's all part of a military exercise that simulates going after a high-value target – a leader from the ISIS-affiliated Boko Haram insurgency, who's taken up residence in a huddle of huts on the far side of the riverfront, a terrorist safe haven. The assault force demonstrates crucial military steps before capturing and eliminating him.
Three weeks of U.S.-led counterterrorism exercises, known as Flintlock 2017, ended last month in Chad, which, along with surrounding countries, has been targeted for the past eight years in deadly violence by Boko Haram. The Flintlock exercises take place each year in a different African country.
Boko Haram's uprising began in northeastern Nigeria, to the west of Chad, and has spilled over its borders, killing thousands of people and driving almost 3 million from their homes across the region. The war left a humanitarian catastrophe in its wake.
The Trump administration's budget blueprint pledges to boost U.S. military spending by 10 percent — but also promises deep cuts in foreign aid. It's not yet clear what that might mean for U.S. counterterrorism efforts here or elsewhere in Africa, though the White House has boosted the U.S. military's authority to carry out strikes in Somalia against al-Shabaab militants linked to al-Qaida.
At the same time, the U.S. — the biggest donor to the United Nations — is making the case for cuts in U.N. funding and wants to see changes in U.N. peacekeeping operations, most of which take place in Africa.
"We need to show results," U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said earlier this month. "We need to find value."
Support for foreign nations' counterterrorism efforts, as opposed to big American deployments, were a key tool of the Obama administration. Last year, the U.S. gave $156 million for military support, training and border security in the region straddling Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon, known as the Lake Chad Basin. The military officer in charge of Flintlock 2017, Brig. Gen. Donald Bolduc, has called this region "Ground Zero" when it comes to fighting extremism in Africa.
Bolduc, the Special Operations commander in Africa, says for now, the U.S. military is continuing to pursue its objectives.
But the prospect of aid cuts worries many, as the region's humanitarian situation risks deteriorating. The U.N. warns there is a risk of famine in Nigeria's northeast, exacerbating a humanitarian disaster that has already seen children, especially those under the age of 5, dying of malnutrition, hunger and starvation.
The U.S. has given more than $321 million since last year to help those in the Lake Chad Basin, including more than $175 million in emergency food aid.
"Our assistance to this area is critical for promoting stability," said Matt Nims of the U.S. Agency for International Development, speaking at a House subcommittee hearing earlier this month.
'The military can't do it by itself'
U.S. special operations troops don't typically deploy in large numbers to help African security forces work together and fight Boko Haram, but local officials say they're useful in serving as the glue that helps everything stick together. For Flintlock 2017, forces from 27 countries took part at seven training sites across west and central Africa.
"Chad, Cameroon, Nigeria, Niger – unfortunately, the entire region, we are facing the same reality," said Cameroonian police commander Gilbert Nagassou, in charge of the border post at Kousseri, just across the river separating Chad and Cameroon. "That's why we must join forces and together confront terrorism."
When it comes to fighting Boko Haram's threats to the Lake Chad Basin, "The military can't do it by itself," Bolduc told NPR in Ndjamena, Chad's capital. "Regionalize all the efforts, work closely together in an effective military construct ... and then bring in the police, the civil administration, religious leaders and include anybody working to bring the stability necessary to the local villages."
A U.S. special forces commander involved in Flintlock, who asked that his name be withheld for security reasons, says the challenges shouldn't be underestimated.
"We have a regional issue of Boko Haram, [which] easily exploits the seams between international boundaries – especially when you have something like a river way that separates two nations," he says. "And they currently use islands in this pretty broad [Chari and Logone] river to hide out in. It's an easy area to have ungoverned and hard to police and patrol."
Members of U.S. military and, for the first time, law enforcement agencies are working with African security forces to enhance their techniques, said Billy Alfano, a special agent with the State Department's law enforcement arm, the Bureau of Diplomatic Security. "Interoperability" – groups and forces working well together — is the current buzzword.
"It's critical for our African partner nations to work together and more and more important for police to collaborate with the military, to conduct joint investigations and to truly counter the terrorism threat in the region, with law enforcement in those communities," Alfano said.
Law enforcement agents are often first responders after an attack, he explained, so training them in forensics and skills like fingerprinting also helps "attack the terrorist network."
Alfano said this year's more broadly focused exercises reflected an emphasis on governance and rule of law, "making a transition from a military-controlled area to training the police to more effectively take over when the military has moved on."
And there was what he called "a mass migration training," to teach rural communities how to respond to potential terrorists who may cross porous borders where large numbers of people are already traveling.
Cross-border cooperation
During Flintlock, training scenarios involved agents from across the region simulating the aftermath of a terrorist bombing, as well as chasing and apprehending hostage-taking terrorist suspects.
"Terrorism knows no boundaries or borders," warned Nagassou, the Cameroonian police commander. Deadly Boko Haram bomb blasts and suicide bombing raids have targeted all four countries battling the terrorist network, he said.
"Boko Haram has pledged allegiance to Islamic State," he said, "so geographic frontiers mean nothing to this group or other terrorist networks and their regional allies. Borders are simply a joke to them — they have connections and communications."
Terrorists, he said, easily slip across.
"If there's intelligence from Nigeria and it's relayed to Chad, then Cameroon must also be made aware," said Nagassou. "And Niger also needs to be informed, so that together we can nip Boko Haram's nefarious plans in the bud and stop them attacking our people."
Battle-hardened Chadian special forces are already familiar with this problem. For the past few years, they've been taking on Boko Haram extremists since violence spread across the border from northeastern Nigeria. They also were a critical force that helped end the occupation of northern Mali by al-Qaida-linked extremist fighters in 2013.
"Chadian military history has demonstrated our experience and know-how. It's not today that the Chadian army is learning how to capture and destroy the enemy. Chadian forces are used to pursue Boko Haram," said Lt. Col. Brahim Mahamat Dahab, Chad's chief of staff for the Flintlock 2017 exercises.
He says the river scenario assault force exercise shows that Chad is capable of working with Americans, Italians "and the military from any given country, as well as our neighbors, reinforcing capacity. That's what we want to demonstrate. We need to share that knowledge with others who are also fighting Boko Haram," Brahim told NPR passionately.
Back on the banks of the Chari-Logone river in the Chadian capital, the assault force exercise ends and the Boko Haram leader is captured. Amid a hail of protective gunfire, the special operations forces head back down toward the boats speed off down the river. Mission accomplished.
For this raid, a textbook success: the same way they hope a real-life operation would end. With the exercise over, the group whoops with satisfaction and relief.
After Naqeebullah Mehsud's murder in a police encounter in broad daylight in Karachi the main suspect SSP Rao Anwaar has conveniently slipped away. He refused to participate in Inquiry Committee of his peers. He distrusts his very own brother police officers. This goes to prove that police officials cannot be trusted. He dreads torture and ugly third degree tactics of police to reach to the truth.
No one knows where he is hiding except the police. Some black sheep in the police force is providing him cover. He is present in Pakistan. Let us see how far he can run as a fugitive of law. The IG Police Sindh A.D. Khawaja has no clue about his notorious fellow officer. He has blamed it on the WhatsApp calls. Sorry man you will have to learn how the gadgets work. Throw away the cell phone if you cannot use it.
Obviously this causes aspersions on the entire administrative system. Where is the Chief Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah? What plans does he have to deal with this awkward/embarrassing situation? He must have some flimsy excuse too. Police search parties have come empty handed. Rao, the centre of all discussions, is missing. Has he disappeared in the thin air or the dense fog of the winter? Has he become invisible or wearing Suleimani Topi? I think the police know where he is and with whom he is? Being a police officer he should consider surrendering and face the consequences of his actions. He is bringing a bad name to the Police.
J BASHIR
Lahore
Related
Sumter Deputies Investigating Hit & Runs
Sumter Co., S.C. (WOLO)– Sumter County investigators are searching for answers in three fatal hit and run incidents spanning three years in the Rembert area
On September 5, 2015, deputies say Elizabeth Lewis, 53, was hit by a car on Richbow Rd. and died at the scene.
On June 18th, 2017, investigators say Dwain, Wright, 56, was struck and killed on Ellerbe Rd.
And on February 10th 2018, Devin Dinkins, 41, was hit on T.B. Wright Rd.
Sheriff Anthony Dennis says, “We will use every resource at our disposal to try to solve each of
these cases. By sharing resources with the Highway Patrol , we have a lot betterchance of bringing closure for the families in each case.”
If you have any information on any of these incidents call the Sumter County Sheriff's Office or Crimestoppers at 1-888-CRIME-SC.
7 Best Suggestions to Fix Inaccessible Boot Device in Windows 10
Inaccessible boot device error is recognized as common death error in form of blue screen. You can face this issue during the startup of Windows if the data cannot be read by Windows from the boot partitions or from a system. Inaccessible boot device error frequently occurs while upgrading your Windows to Windows 10. Sometimes this error is due to the error on the hard disk or often caused by the faulty disk controller device. Here are the few suggestions if you encounter this error with Windows 10.
You should edit the boot options for you think that error occurred due to the faulty boot device. If you added any hardware recently, remove that. You might need to update the disk firmware version to the latest if you find that your current disk firmware version is not compatible with the Windows 10. Restart your computer in case of adding a driver, then enter the menu of Advanced Boot Options, choose the option of Last Known Good Configuration. Here you might need to try Rollback or system restore and boot the Windows into Safe Mode. Run Chkdsk /f /ron the system partition in case of hard disk corruption. Run Chkdsk from the Repair Console or Use Recovery Console and run Chkdsk /r if you are able to boot the Windows. You need to download and use Media Creation Tool in case of error occurs due to Windows upgrade. Download Media Creation Tool in another computer and store it in the flash/USB drive. Run it on your computer by clinking on booting from the USB or click on the Step File. Skip the step if asked about the product keys as Windows 10 will activate it by itself while signing in Microsoft Account. If nothing can work from the above then you need to install previous viz, OS, Windows 7, Windows 8.1, activate it and upgrade to Windows 10, then using ISO clean installation Windows 10.
Source: Cosect.net
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
ZSL Whipsnade Zoo has finished restoration work on the Whipsnade White Lion, a famous chalk image that has overlooked the Dunstable Downs in Bedfordshire since 1933.
CLICK THE LINK ABOVE OR THE ICON IN THE MAIN IMAGE TO VIEW A PICTURE GALLERY OF THE CHALK LION RESORATION
No Caption ABCDE PNL-180319-113333001
Following the donation of more than 800 tonnes – or 50 lorry loads – of chalk, the Zoo was able to start resurfacing the iconic landmark in September 2017. Winter weather and a steep incline made the restoration work challenging, but the final load of chalk was carefully smoothed out over the lion's mane today (Tuesday 20 March).
General manager of ZSL Whipsnade Zoo, Owen Craft said: “We are delighted to have restored this iconic landmark to its original glory. ZSL Whipsnade Zoo is incredibly proud of the Whipsnade White Lion, which has stood proudly overlooking the Dunstable Downs since 1933.
“As a site of Special Scientific Interest, the Whipsnade White Lion and the area around it are cared for by the Zoo all year round, using environmentally-friendly products to protect the native plants and animals. This new coating of chalk has made a huge difference to the eye-catching brilliance of the landmark and I can't wait for all our Easter visitors, as well as our wonderful, local communities, to see it looking so great, as they drive towards the Zoo.”
The Whipsnade White Lion was designed by R.B. Brook-Greaves, and work began to create it in November 1931. By the following April, the rough outline of the 147 metre-long lion was visible on the side of the Dunstable Downs. Ivinghoe Beacon was often used as a vantage point to check the accuracy of the outline. Almost two acres of land had to be cleared to reveal the chalk, and the lion was finally finished in the spring of 1933. During the Second World War, the lion was covered to prevent it from being used by enemy aircraft as a navigation point. In May 1981, as part of ZSL Whipsnade Zoo's 50th anniversary celebrations, the lion was illuminated using 750 lightbulbs.
Owen Craft continued: “This Easter, our family activities at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo centre around celebrating animal superpowers, and what could be a greater symbol of that than a 147 metre-long super-lion!”
Superpowers at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo runs every day from Friday 30 March to Sunday 15 April 2018.
The player: Robin Lehner, 26, G
The terms: One year at $1.5 million with the New York Islanders
Where does he fit in?
With the departure of Jaroslav Halak to the Boston Bruins via free agency, the team was desperate for a veteran complement to Thomas Greiss, the 32-year-old signed through 2020.
Truth be told, they were probably also looking for an upgrade, and it could be argued that Lehner is one. He had a 3.01 goals-against average with a .908 save percentage and three shutouts in 53 games with the Buffalo Sabres last season, going 14-26-9 with the last-place team. His percentage of quality starts (.480) was hired than that of Greiss (.380). Neither of them were better than a league-average goalie facing the same shot volume, but Lehner's minus-6.08 goals-above-replacement was much closer to respectability than Greiss (minus-17.85).
Simply put: Lehner is a starter, having topped 50 starts in each of the last two seasons, while Greiss never has.
But there are downsides to Lehner, of course. The stats weren't good enough to warrant the salary and term he was seeking after the Sabres declined to extend a qualifying offer to him, making him an unrestricted free agent. (A move that was expected, given that he was acquired by former GM Tim Murray rather than current GM Jason Botterill).
Then there's his, ahem, eclectic demeanor, which has been outrageous at times -- even when you consider he's a goalie. In other words, the Islanders just signed a player who claimed on the record last season at the NHL had "predetermined" video reviews would go against the Sabres in a vast multi-sport conspiracy against the city of Buffalo.
Does this deal make sense?
The Islanders had one of the worst weeks in franchise history in losing star John Tavares to Toronto and defenseman Calvin de Haan to the Hurricanes, while insufficiently addressing these losses by acquiring Valtteri Filppula, Leo Komarov and former Islander Matt Martin.
At this point, anything remotely positive should be lauded, and Lehner has the potential to be a positive addition, and he came in cheaper than nearly every goalie on the UFA market (including Halak).
The one-year term is not only a "show me" deal, but a way to ensure that there's space in the crease in case Linus Soderstrom or (Islanders fans pray) Ilya Sorokin are ever ready to take it over.
Overall Grade: B
Sometimes, you take what you can get. That goes for the Islanders in signing Lehner after other options were exhausted, and that goes for Lehner, who saw the carousel spin until it landed on a franchise in more disarray than the last one he played for. At least for Lou Lamoriello, the price is right.
CELEBRANT Sam Dawson wants her son to be able to marry.
CELEBRANT Sam Dawson is looking forward to the day when she can marry her son and his same-sex partner.
The Coffs Harbour-based Marriage Civil Celebrant has taken part in 250 ceremonies to date, including same-sex commitment ceremonies.
Ms Dawson said the demand for her to perform same-sex ceremonies in the area is quite high.
But she said despite being approached countless times to officiate the ceremonies, the desire of the couples to have something more is undeniable.
"I did a ceremony for two women just last weekend. Their ceremony was just like a wedding, it was natural and so beautiful. But when they booked me earlier in the year they had the hope same-sex marriage would be a reality by now,” Ms Dawson said.
"I promised them when it comes through I will officially marry them.”
Australians have until August 24 to enrol to vote in the upcoming same-sex marriage postal vote, with surveys rolling out from September 12.
"Almost every same-sex couple I have done ceremonies for say to be able to marry is a matter of equality.
"My son is gay, and I would be so proud to see him married.”
Federal Member for Cowper Luke Hartsuyker has come forward saying despite his personal beliefs, he respects whatever decision Australians make.
"I have always said that personally I support the traditional definition of marriage,” Mr Hartsuyker said.
"It has been the Coalition's policy that the issue of same-sex marriage should be put to the Australian people by way of a postal vote.
"I am pleased that the postal vote is going ahead. The Government's first preference was to have a compulsory personal attendance ballot conducted by the Australian Electoral Commission, however legislation to enable this was not passed by the parliament.
"Without legislation, there cannot be a compulsory ballot and it must be undertaken by the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
"I will respect the decision of the Australian people in the plebiscite if the answer is yes to changing the Marriage Act and vote accordingly.”
In recent weeks the Advocate has received a number of letters regarding the postal vote and with some residents saying they will vote no.
"As a community elder, seventy-seven this month, I will not support SSM,” wrote Bob Buick.
Zubair Qureshi
Marriyum Aurangzeb, Minister of State for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage, while chairing a consultative meeting on the launch of Children Entertainment Channel here Wednesday, has directed the authorities concerned to enhance share of children content in the programmes of all PTV channels. She asked PTV to submit a detailed and comprehensive time-wise plan for the embedment of children content in the running PTV channels. The Minister of State said that separate children entertainment channel was the need of the hour as no work had been done so far children entertainment and boosting the broadcasting industry. She said that indigenous content was quite imperative to connect future generations with our culture and heritage. Our children need a kind of content that could educate them and build their character by generating feelings, of goodness, modesty and inquisitiveness about the world around them, she added. Marriyum Aurangzeb directed PTV management to utilize all possible resources to produce quality content for kids, which can help to inculcate in them the cultural and religious values as well as makes them aware of the traditions of our society. The meeting also deliberated upon various fast-track options with the least cost for the launch of a dedicated children entertainment channel. The meeting was attended by Secretary IB&NH and senior officials from Ministry and Pakistan Television Corporation.
A 22-year-old man accused of fatally stabbing a teenager on a Sheffield estate has been remanded into custody.
Frank Mvila Kiongaze, 22, of Morland Road, Gleadless, was remanded into custody during a bail hearing at Sheffield Crown Court this morning.
He is accused of murdering 19-year-old Ryan Jowle.
Mvila Kiongaze will appear before Sheffield Crown Court on Tuesday, June 12 for a preliminary hearing.
Mr Jowle died in hospital in the early hours of Wednesday, May 23, following reports he had been stabbed on Tannery Close, Woodhouse at around 11.10pm on Tuesday, May 22.
A post mortem examination concluded Mr Jowle died as a result of a stab wound to his chest.
The investigation into Mr Jowle's death remains ongoing and anyone with any information is asked to report it via 101, or anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111, quoting incident number 1030 of 22 May.
Josephine, the startup that lets people cook meals inside their homes and sell them to neighbors, is sponsoring a recently-introduced homemade food bill in California that aims to legalize the sales of prepared meals and other food from small-scale, home kitchen operations. Assemblymember Eduardo Garcia (D-Coachella) introduced the bill, AB 626, today.
Josephine is sponsoring this bill in part because the startup decided to pause its Oakland operations last May after some of its cooks received cease and desist letters for the illegal sale of food from their homes. Under Cottage Food Law, it's illegal in California to sell homemade food unless they are “non-potentially hazardous foods” — foods that are unlikely to grow bacteria at room temperature — like baked goods (cookies, biscuits, pastries), candy, dried fruit, popcorn and dried pasta. So, there are also wider implications and benefits for street food vendors and small-scale caterers if this bill passes.
“Now, I think there's even a broader political impetus around protecting vulnerable communities,” Josephine Co-CEO Matthew Jorgensen told TechCrunch. “And given that there is a threat of criminal sanctions for preparing and selling food from a home kitchen, which could be punishable by misdemeanor, there is a lot of willingness to clarify the law.”
This is the second time Josephine has sponsored a bill (the first was AB-2593, which was ultimately pulled due to opposition from the California Conference of Directors of Environmental Health in 2016), but the company hopes for a different outcome this time around. That's because it has worked with its opposition, the CCDEH, as well as a group of cooks, legal experts, and food and labor justice organizations.
“[The CCDEH] have agreed to continue collaborations,” Jorgensen said. “They've essentially laid out a number of considerations that if met substantively would allow them to not oppose the bill this year, which is a huge about face when it comes to just regulatory culture change.”
Last year, the bill Josephine sponsored looked to exclude homemade food sales from the food code, and likening the operations of Josephine's cooks to those of a community potluck so that, “below a certain scale, this sort of operations wouldn't be subject to commercial permitting requirements,” Jorgensen said. But regulators still wanted to be involved in specifying requirements around those types of operations, so the bill was scrapped. This current bill, which has the support of the CCDEH, proposes an entirely new permit that requires some specifications around training and sanitation for homemade food sales.
If the bill passes, Josephine would be able to legally resume operations in Oakland and throughout California. The soonest Josephine would be able to kick back up operations in California, Jorgensen said, would be January 2018.
Given that its biggest opponent co-drafted the bill, Josephine is pretty optimistic that the bill will be successful. And if it does indeed pass, Jorgensen thinks it would strengthen Josephine's case in other cities in which it operates and is looking to operate.
“For us, we see it as our first proof point that we can thoughtfully and collaboratively craft legislation that addresses the needs of these cooks, and is respectful and sensible from a public health perspective,” Jorgensen said. “I think that a lot of our conversations in other cities and states — it's been helpful to be able to refer to the fact that we're actively drafting and engaged in this sort of collaborative effort in California because California, in a lot of ways, is considered to be a leader when it comes to public health standards, as well as food systems work, so I think if we're able to pass the law here, it's really going to be a great proof point that this can be done and done safely.”
Featured Image: Josephine
A solder ball, also known as solder bump, is a globe or sphere of solder that provides a contact between the chip package and the printed circuit board. It is used to facilitate the soldering process. The ball is placed by an automated equipment or manually over the flux. This helps the ball to be held in place. The alloy is used to join two metal surfaces through melting so that it forms a thin layer between the surfaces. Solder balls are used in the soldering process to increase contact reliability in packaging. Solder balls or spheres are employed in various applications, ranging from electronics to automotive. They are used in the manufacture of semiconductors for computers, smartphones, automotive parts, and other products. The semiconductor industry has been significantly impacted by globalization. Rise in population, development of nations, and growth in standard of living have augmented the demand for electronics. This, in turn, has propelled the demand for semiconductors and solder balls. Demand for technologically developed products that deliver high level of performance has been rising.
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=31835
Based on product type, solder balls market can be segmented into lead solder balls and lead-free solder balls. Lead solder balls are solder balls that contain lead based alloy, while lead-free solder balls do not contain lead alloy. Examples of lead-free alloys include tin-silver-copper alloy and tin-silver-copper-nickel alloy. Currently, demand for lead-free solder balls is increasing across the globe due to the various side-effects caused by lead solder balls. Lead is a basic constituent in the traditional solder process. It is generally used to lower the melting point of the solder. Lead based solder balls offer high reliability due to their strong mechanical properties. They are used to assembling printed circuit boards in electronics equipment. Lead based products are more economical compared to other alloy types. They also offer high efficiency. However, of late, lead solder balls have been causing environmental issues such as environmental pollution and threat to human health. Thus, its usage has been restricted in electronic products. Lead can cause adverse effects in blood, kidneys, and nervous, immune, and cardiovascular systems in human beings. It is also regarded as a probable human carcinogen. Lead used in solder is included among the hazardous substances by the European Union. RoHS, which originated in the European Union, restricts the usage of hazardous materials in electrical and electronic products. This is estimated to adversely affect the demand for lead based solder balls. Therefore, manufacturers are shifting toward lead-free solder balls.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) published a life-cycle assessment of the environmental impacts of lead-free solder balls used in electronic products. This assessment allows the industry to redirect efforts toward products and processes that reduce solders' environmental footprint, including energy consumption; release of toxic chemicals; and potential risks to human health and the environment.
Request for Customization @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=31835
Key players operating in lead-free solder balls market include Indium Corporation, Matsuo Handa Co. Ltd., Senju Metal Industry Co. Ltd., and Duksan Hi-Metal Co. Ltd.
Karachi
SSGC conducted raids on CNG Stations in Nawab Shah Region and sealed 2 CNG Stations selling gas during the officially off days. SS&CGTO team in coordination with Company's CRD, FIR Cell, along with SSGC Police continued its crackdown against CNG stations where miscreants were found involved in theft of natural gas and running their stations during the off days declared by the SSGC. Task Force sealed m/s Zohaib CNG Station of Doulatpur and M/s Mehran CNG for 48 hours and strongly warned them that if theyl continue this illegal act the duration of closure will be increased to weeks and months and they will be liable to hard punishment under the Gas theft and Recovery Act 2016. SSGC continues to unearth the network of gas thieves and meter tampering miscreants and against such CNG stations who keep their stations open on the off days declared by the Sui Southern Gas Company. Task force also conducted a raid in Clifton area on a restaurant where culprit was using gas direct from the meter point . FIR has been lodged and the claim has been raised against the load. SS&CGTO also conducted raids in Al-Shams and Gulshan Complex in Gulstan-e-Johar Block 18, Karachi where some miscreants were stealing gas from their removed meter points through rubber pipes. All rubber pipes and fittings that were being used for Illegal extension of gas have been removed. CRD Task Force conducted another raid against the culprits involved in gas theft at VIP Flats, North Karachi on May 29, 2018. The defaulter residents were found involved in stealing gas from their removed meter points through rubber pipes.—PR
FAKE NEWS media trying to cover up the COVER UP Video – the Health Ranger / Natural News
The FISA memo release describes a shocking series of criminal abuses of power at the highest levels of the FBI and DOJ — all under Obama.
Video Source
Sharing is caring!
You can now buy digital content on the Play Store with your carrier account.
In a bid to make it easier for customers to purchase digital content in India on the Play Store, Google has rolled out carrier billing to Airtel and Vodafone customers in the country. The company tested the waters with Idea last year, and now Airtel and Vodafone subscribers can buy apps, games, movies, and ebooks on the Play Store and bill it to their prepaid or postpaid accounts.
Paying through carrier billing is very straightforward. Select an app or game you want to purchase, choose payment methods, and tap the carrier option. If your number is set up for mobile payments, you will be able to buy content and charge it to your monthly bill if you're a postpaid user, or use the talktime balance if you're on a prepaid account.
LAHORE, Dec 11 (APP):National Sports Competition 2017 jointly organized by Punjab University, Higher Education Commission of Pakistan and The Educationist begun here at PU New Campus gymnasium on Monday.
Around 1000 players of 100 teams of universities, colleges and schools from different parts of Pakistan are participating in the event.
The five-day competitions include hockey, cricket, football,
table tennis, volleyball, squash, rowing, basketball, badminton,
swimming, athletics, tug-of-war, soft ball and kabaddi.
The inaugural and flag march past ceremony of the competitions
was held at the PU gymnasium in which PU Director Sports Dr Zafar
Iqbal Butt, Institute of Communication Studies Incharge Dr Noshina
Saleem, Assistant Professor Shabbir Sarwar, Deputy Director Sports
Zubair Butt, Director External Relations The Educationist AR Sajid, coaches, managers and a large number of players participated.
Addressing the ceremony, Dr Zafar Iqbal Butt said that our society lacked healthy sports opportunities but such competitions provided
a platform to the players to show their potential. He expressed the
hope that our youth would play important role to highlight positive
image of the country through sports.
In her address, Dr Noshina Saleem said that a large number of participants from remote areas of the country were giving a good
message to show national unity. She said that sports were important
part of our life and it was necessary to promote sports in our
society for healthy mind and healthy body.
Shabbir Sarwar said that sports could play role to eradicate
culture of intolerance from our society because sports help players learn the art of winning and losing and losers do appreciate winners showing high level of tolerance. He thanked Higher Education Commission Chairman Dr Mukhtar Ahmed, PU Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Zafar Moeen Nasir and sports department for extending all-out support for organizing the event.
Earlier, players from Azad Jammu & Kashmir, Malakand, Bhakkar,
Gujrat, Jhelum, Kasur, Islamabad, Pattoki, Sarai Alamgir and Kot Radha Kishan displayed their flags and presented their team delegations on the venue. Special children are also competing normal players in these competitions which would continue until December 15.
Hello it's the fun police! Were you having a nice time engaging in nostalgia about the death of AOL Instant Messenger? Was it fun to look back on your old AIM login, how young you were, KrazyKat99, without a care in the world?
Yes, we at TechCrunch were also tempted to indulge in this requisite millennial nostalgia exercise! I do not blame you, but I will warn you.
Sharing old credentials online is a bad idea. From a security perspective, old AOL logins are a potential goldmine of personal details for anyone trying to hack your accounts. You may think that because your old AIM screen name is ancient that it isn't of use to anyone trying to hack you, but you'd be wrong.
All good things come to an end. On Dec 15, we'll bid farewell to AIM. Thank you to all our users! #AIMemories https://t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM (@aim) October 6, 2017
A lot of the screen names I've seen floating around contain things like pet names, important dates, hobbies and other personal identifying information that we'd be wise not to share in the open online. That kind of stuff, if not implicated in your current or past login/password combos, could be the missing piece for someone cracking a security question on one of your accounts. Particularly because security questions so often ask us things that longitudinally remain true throughout a lifetime, like your best friend's name or your high school mascot. Sure, a hacker might be able to find these personal details a different way, but by sharing your info on Twitter or wherever else, you've just made it searchable within seconds.
Furthermore, your old login information might still be searchable and connected to other online handles and identifying info. Remember that we didn't worry as much about repeating weak passwords and publicizing our login info way back in the glory days of AIM. For example, I searched one of my own AIM screen names from way back when and found pictures of the inside of my freshman year dorm on a message board service that I have no recollection of even belonging to. Creepy. It was a long time ago!
To protect yourself online, we recommend using two-factor authentication (2FA) that uses a local method — not SMS — to let you and only you into your accounts, whenever available. Beyond that, one of the most important things you can do is to shift your way of thinking: It's not a matter of if you get hacked, it's a matter of when. Until that day comes, and it very well already may have, do everything in your power to mitigate the risk.
Islamabad: Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday appeared before a Supreme Court-appointed team probing the Panamagate graft case, becoming Pakistan's first sitting premier to depose before such a panel.
“The day that creates history & sets a much required & welcome precedent for others to emulate,” Sharif's daughter Maryam Nawaz tweeted along with pictures of the PML-N leader and his top aides just before leaving for the Judicial Academy—the Joint Investigation Team's (JIT) temporary secretariat—amid tight security. The JIT chief Wajid Zia had summoned the prime minister to appear before the six-member probe team on 15 June with all documents relevant to the case. The summons were issued to Sharif, 67, after he returned last Saturday from Kazakhstan where he had attended the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Summit.
In its judgement of 20 April in the Panama Papers case, the Pakistan Supreme Court had constituted a JIT and empowered it to summon the prime minister, his sons and any other person necessary, to investigate allegations of money-laundering, through which the four apartments in London's posh Park Lane area were purchased.
Sharif has denied any wrongdoing. The JIT had questioned Sharif's sons—Hussain and Hasan—last month over the family's alleged improper business dealings. His eldest son Hussain was questioned five times while Hasan, the younger son, was summoned twice. The court last year took up the case and issued a split decision over allegations of money laundering when Sharif was prime minister in the 1990s.
On 5 May, the Supreme Court set up a high-level six- member JIT to probe Sharif and his sons' alleged corruption in the Panama Papers case. The JIT is bound to complete the probe in 60 days unless it is granted additional time. It is for the first time that a sitting prime minister is appearing before a high-level probe team traditionally constituted to investigate high-profile criminal cases. It is not yet clear that Sharif will be questioned for once or would be called again like his two sons.
The JIT probing the offshore holdings of Prime Minister Sharif and his children has also summoned his younger brother and Punjab chief minister Shahbaz Sharif, to appear before it on 17 June.
A rebel official told Reuters the demand had been raised during indirect talks with the government in the Kazakh capital of Astana. A second rebel official however dismissed the official statement as a ruse, saying the number of detainees held by Damascus vastly outnumbered the few held by rebels.
The next round of UN-sponsored peace talks are due to be held in Geneva next week, part of a new diplomatic effort backed by Russia and Turkey to end a war that has killed hundreds of thousands of people. Syrian government and rebel delegations held indirect talks in Astana last month in a parallel effort to shore up a ceasefire brokered by Turkey and Russia. Kazakhstan says it has invited Syrian government and rebel delegations to further meetings in Astana on Feb. 15-16. The rebel side has yet to say whether they will attend. Monday's state media report said the Syrian government was always ready to exchange prisoners, “particularly in the framework of efforts made for the coming Astana meeting”. Asked about the report, the first rebel official said any breakthrough would depend on Russian pressure on the government. Moscow is President Bashar Al Assad's most powerful ally. “If the Russians apply pressure in the next two days, something may happen,” said the first rebel official, speaking on condition of anonymity. The second rebel official however said the government was not serious about releasing detainees, saying it appeared to be trying to present a cooperative face ahead of the Geneva talks. “It is a political game,” said the official. This month, in a rare move, the Syrian government and rebel groups swapped dozens of women prisoners and hostages, some of them with their children, in Hama province in northwestern Syria. Amnesty International said in a report this month that the government had executed up to 13,000 prisoners in mass hangings at a military jail near Damascus. The Syrian justice ministry called the report “devoid of truth”. The main Syrian opposition body on Sunday approved its delegation to the Geneva talks that are due to start on February 20. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres praised the opposition for approving the delegation. The talks “are a first step for serious progress in finding a transition that allows for a political solution in which all Syrians feel represented,” he said. More from Syria Syria talks ‘to be held behind closed doors'
Syria calls for prisoner swap with rebels
Erdoğan calls for safe zone in Syria
End goal of Turkish operation is Raqqa–Erdoğan
Amazon has three great options available if you're looking to get started with Alexa in India.
India is a huge market for Amazon, and the retailer is investing upwards of $5 billion in the country toward building out its infrastructure and services. A key part of that vision is Alexa — Amazon's AI platform — so it's no surprise that the retailer has decided to debut its Echo family in the country. India is the first country in Asia to receive Echo products, and Amazon is kicking things off by rolling out three devices: the Echo, Echo Dot, and the Echo Plus.
Echo devices come in varying shapes and sizes, and the functionality also varies among models. Here's what you need to know about the Echo, Echo Dot, and the Echo Plus in India.
What's the same
There are a few things that are common among all three Echo devices. They all feature far-field microphones, which means you can ask Alexa a query from all the way across a room and get an answer. Alexa will also be able to hear you even when there's loud music playing.
As for Alexa itself, Amazon's virtual assistant can do everything from giving you a daily news briefing along with a list of your calendar appointments, traffic and weather information, and much more. You'll also be able to stream music from your favorite services (Saavn and TuneIn are live, Prime Music is coming later this month), and control Hue and Syska LED lights. The Echo devices also have controls at the top for volume playback and to turn off the always-on microphone, and there's also a light ring that indicates the device's status with colors.
All three Echo devices have far-field microphones and volume controls at the top.
And finally, you'll be able to order products on Amazon using your voice (how cool is that?). We'll have to wait and see how the feature works, because unlike the U.S., transactions in India need a second factor of authentication either via an OTP or your internet banking password. With Amazon getting into the payments game with Amazon Pay, it is possible the retailer will use the balance from your wallet when placing orders through Alexa.
Another feature all three Echo devices have in common is the ability to hook into Alexa's skills, through which you can personalise your experience by connecting the virtual assistant to third-party services. Skills allow Alexa to expand its functionality, and the virtual assistant can help you with everything from hailing a cab on Uber or Ola to checking the status of your flight, ordering food on Zomato, looking up cricket scores, getting the latest news headlines, and so much more.
Amazon has teamed up with several service providers in India, including the likes of NDTV, Times of India, Zomato, Saavn, Ola, Uber, Freshmenu, Byju, Sportskeeda, Cricinfo, Jet Airways, Hue, Syska LED, and more. For instance, you can say, "Hey Alexa, ask Uber to book a cab," and the assistant will do just that.
Echo
The second-generation Echo is the speaker that has the most design flair among the Echo products. Amazon switched out the tall cylindrical design for a more homely form factor that's shorter and stouter.
The Echo has Wi-Fi ac, Bluetooth A2DP, 3.5mm out, and a 2.5-inch woofer paired with a 0.6-inch tweeter. You'll get 360-degree sound thanks to the down-firing woofer, and the speaker is tuned by Dolby. Given the design and the price — the speaker costs ₹9,999 — the Echo is the most sensible purchase for the Indian market.
You'll be able to customize the look of your Echo thanks to interchangeable fabric shells, with three color options available in India: Charcoal, Heather Grey, and Sandstone. Amazon has a few wood veneer options, but they're not available in the country yet.
See at Amazon
Echo Dot
The Echo Dot is the entry-level variant in the Echo family, and it's available in India for ₹4,499. The device itself resembles a hockey puck, and it does a decent job of blending into the background.
The Dot is essentially a miniature version of the first-gen Echo, with the speaker offering a single 0.6-inch tweeter. You're not going to have a lot of fun streaming tunes directly on the device, but you can hook it up to external speaker via the 3.5mm output jack.
See at Amazon
Echo Plus
The Echo Plus is the most powerful speaker of the lot, and at ₹14,999, it is also the costliest. The speaker is tall, cylindrical, and has an integrated ZigBee connected home hub, allowing it to connect to hundreds of products like LED bulbs and sensors that use the ZigBee protocol. It has Wi-Fi ac, Bluetooth A2DP, and a standard aux port.
The Echo Plus has a robust soundstage thanks to a 2.5-inch down-firing woofer and an 0.8-inch tweeter. The audio is tuned by Dolby, and Amazon says the Echo Plus will be able to deliver 360-degree omni-directional sound. The speaker weighs 954g, and comes in at 235 x 84 x 84mm.
See at Amazon
Amazon's introductory offer
All three products will be available in the country from the last week of October, but they're up for pre-order right now. To incentivize the launch, Amazon is offering a stellar deal on all three Echo devices, with a straight 30% discount along with a 12-month subscription to Prime. And if you're a Citibank customer, you can get an additional 10% off via cashback.
When you factor in all the promotions, you're looking at a whopping 60% discount on the Echo Dot, a 47% discount on the Echo, and 44% off on the larger Echo Plus. Here's what the effective price of each Echo device comes out to, when you throw in ₹999 for an annual Prime membership and the 10% Citibank cashback:
The drawback with the introductory offer is that it's invite-only. To get a hold of an Echo device, you'll need to go to its product page and hit the Request invite button (you'll need to be signed in to your Amazon account). Once you do that, you'll get an email from Amazon confirming your eligibility. The email should take roughly around 15 hours to hit your inbox after you've requested an invite. Once you get the email, you can buy the Echo device of your choosing.
Deals like this don't come around often, particularly for Echo devices. So if you're looking to see what Alexa is all about, hit up the link below to request an invite.
See at Amazon
Which Echo device are you looking to purchase? Let us know in the comments.
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of — The rival Koreas on Wednesday began two days of friendly basketball games in Pyongyang in their latest goodwill gesture amid a diplomatic push to resolve the nuclear standoff with North Korea.
Players from North and South Korea were mixed into two teams that competed against each other at the North Korean capital's Ryugyong Jong Ju Yong Gymnasium.
A capacity crowd of 12,000 at the arena applauded as the two women's teams — dressed in white jerseys that read "Peace" and green jerseys that read "Prosperity" — marched onto the court holding hands. Team Prosperity defeated Team Peace 103-102, with North Korea's Ro Suk Yong scoring 18 points, according to pool reports. The game between the men's mixed teams that followed ended in a 102-102 tie.
The South Koreans will play against the North Korean men's and women's teams on Thursday before returning home on Friday.
The games precede a visit to North Korea by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for meetings over the future of the North's nuclear program.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, a noted basketball fan, didn't appear at the gymnasium on Wednesday. It wasn't clear whether he would attend on Thursday.
"Once they started playing, the players showed quick chemistry and I was proud of them," said Lee Moon-kyu, the head coach of South Korea's women's team, who will also lead a combined Koreas team at the Asian Games next month in Indonesia. Lee, who plans to bring two or three North Korean players to the Asian Games, said he was impressed with "No. 9 and No. 7 on Team Peace," referring to North Korea's Ri Jong Ok and Jang Mi Kyong.
North Korea's sports minister, Kim Il Guk, said in a speech that the games reflect the "revered determination of the leaders of the North and South to bring forward the future of a self-reliant unification."
The South Korean delegation, including 50 players and government officials, arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday on two military aircraft.
"It feels like the first time I came here all over again," said Hur Jae, head coach of South Korea's men's national team, who previously visited Pyongyang for a joint game in 2003. Hur, a former guard whose two sons are among the players who travelled to the North, talked about his friendship with retired North Korean player Ri Myong Hun, a 7-foot-9 (2.35-meter) centre who anchored the country's national team during the 1990s and early 2000s.
A second Instagram page where Bristol motorbike thieves brag about what they have nicked has been set up.
Police stated they were attempting to close down the ‘Bristolbiketaker' account where shameless criminals shared pictures of bikes stolen from across the city.
But another similar account, under the name BristolstoveCS, has appeared, also showing motorbikes being set on fire and driven dangerously in the city.
(Photo: Bristolstovecs / Instagram)
Whether the second Instagram page is run by a different group is not known.
But the two accounts follow each other and share some of the same pictures and videos.
Last week police said they were calling on the social media giant to remove ‘offensive' posts shared by the Bristolbiketaker.
There is thought to be a gang of 15 people operating in north Bristol targeting motorbikes and then bragging about it on its Instagram page that has more than 7,000 followers.
(Photo: bristolstovecs / Instagram)
Motorcyclists from across the city have become increasingly angry after discovering their stolen bikes on the page and have been calling on the police to do more to stop them.
A dossier naming 15 people that were allegedly part of the gang was released online by a group of angry bikers.
The second Instagram page, BristolstoveCS, has nearly 1,000 followers.
It brags: “Lock It Or Lose It.
“If I die on a bike just know I died smiling.
(Photo: bristolstovecs / Instagram)
“We.steal.your.pride.and.joy.com.”
The second page was set up last year, but has begun posting more frequently over the last month.
On one of its posts, BristolstoveCS, added: “Pigs can't handle it, we will just keep making new accounts.”
One biker, who has discovered his stolen bike on the BristolstoveCS page, said: “My motorbike was stolen the day after I moved to Bristol. I'd heard about this Instagram group and I've been checking it every few days to see if my bike would turn up.
“When I saw they had posted a picture of it I felt sick - it wasn't big or expensive but it was my first bike and I loved it.
“It was a wreck when I bought it took me a year to save the cash to fix it up. I don't drive so it was also my only way of getting to work.
“It's probably a burnt-out wreck at the bottom of a quarry now.
(Photo: bristolstovecs / Instagram)
“I'm amazed at how incompetent the police look. Apparently half a million quid's worth of bikes have been stolen in Bristol lately. You can find out the names of the kids behind this gang with about five minutes of Googling.
“What are the police doing? These kids are laughing at them and their biggest response so far has been to ask Instagram to take down the account.”
A police spokesman told the Bristol Post last week the force had written to Instagram about the Bristolbiketaker account but was still waiting for a response.
Police said they had also made arrests in connection with the reported thefts but have been unable to give the Bristol Post any further details about the people they have taken into custody.
(Photo: bristolstovecs / Instagram)
Victims say the gang are behind around £500,000 worth of motorbikes over the past years.
A police spokesman previously said: “We are acutely aware of the frustration that it is causing to motorbike owners and the wider public.
“We have made arrests as part of our actions and have also written to Instagram requesting the offensive posts are removed. We are still awaiting their response.
“We would also like to thank members of the public for the help, support and information they have provided to us as part of this operation. We would urge them to continue to be our eyes and ears and continue to report sightings and incidents so that positive action can be taken.
(Photo: BristolstoveCS)
“Because robust action can be taken we have to ensure that we have information and evidence which will ensure any criminal prosecution can be successful.”
“When I was out there, I wasn't really thinking about where I was at on the leaderboard, I was just trying to get through. From a mental standpoint it was actually kind of beneficial,” he said Monday. “Physically obviously I would have liked to have been healthy, but I kept my mind in a pretty good spot.”
He said focusing his health rather than his score actually helped him.
DeLaet said he was competing despite suffering from an ongoing back injury that flares up a couple of times a year, but the 35-year-old rallied to shoot 68 and 69 over the tournament's final two rounds, the same weekend score as Thomas.
DeLaet, of Weyburn, Sask., finished Sunday's final round tied for seventh at Quail Hollow golf course in Charlotte, N.C. It was his best result in one of golf's four majors and just four shots back of winner Justin Thomas.
A sore back left Graham DeLaet unsure if he'd even be able to tee off at the PGA Championship. Instead, he recorded one of the best performances of his career.
Canadian Open record-tying 62 puts Garrigus in happy place: Feschuk
Although DeLaet was in one of the final groups Sunday at a major for the first time in his career, he felt as though he belonged.
“There was a weird calmness about me, even on Saturday night,” he said. “If I could shoot 5 or 6 under, which was possible, but difficult (on Sunday), I would have had a chance to win a major. Even knowing that, I felt good.”
Physically, DeLaet felt better thanks to the efforts of Dr. Craig Davies, a Canadian conditioning coach and trainer who is based out of Orlando and has been working with DeLaet since 2011.
Davies said they did some acupuncture, dry needling, cupping, muscle adjustments, soft-tissue work and applied a new product called a Luminas patch that uses electrons from natural anti-pain compounds, prior to Thursday.
“Truth of the matter is, all of what we did would have been for not if it wasn't for the fact that Graham has this playoff-hockey mentality where he can play through a lot of pain that a lot of players wouldn't be able to play through,” said Davies.
“And if they could play through it, they wouldn't have played at the level he could. It's a massive testament to Graham.”
DeLaet, who withdrew from the Barracuda Championship two weeks ago, said this season has been solid overall with six top-10 finishes.
Still, as younger countrymen Nick Taylor, Mackenzie Hughes, and Adam Hadwin have all captured PGA Tour victories in the last few seasons, DeLaet wants more.
“I wouldn't say I'm disappointed to not have a few more chances, but it's tough,” he said. “It's tough to get into that position and when you are, it's harder to play well and finish it off. Obviously, I've never done it yet,” he said.
“That's always the goal. It's been good, but I feel like that really, really high finish is what's missing on the year.”
DeLaet has been buoyed by the support of his wife, Ruby, and being a new dad. He said playing for his twins — daughter Lyla and son Roscoe, born in 2015 — is something that's always in the back of his mind.
“Ruby was watching (the PGA Championship) on TV and they knew it was me on the TV, which was cool, but I still don't think they quite get it,” said DeLaet. “A couple more years for them to understand what I do, but that's a motivator for sure.”
DeLaet will head to the family's home in Idaho this week to rest up prior to playing the FedEx Cup playoffs starting next week at The Northern Trust in New York.
He said the week at the PGA Championship wore him out physically and mentally, and he's eager for a break.
“It really took its toll on me,” he admitted. “But I hope this week will give me just enough to get back to where I need to be.”
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
ISLAMABAD, JAN 2 (APP): Finance Minister, Senator Mohammad
Ishaq Dar Monday said the government was determined to promote
digitalization all across the country for increasing outreach and access of financial services to people for sustainable development.
The minister was speaking at the signing ceremony between Universal
Service Fund (USF) and Ministry of Information Technology here for laying optic fiber at Awaran and Lasbela areas of Balochistan, contract of which had been provided to Ufone.
He said the government was working for technical and financial
inclusion to provide better services to the people all across the country.
He said it was due to effective policies of the government that economy
was turned around within a short period of two and a half years while special focus was put on energy projects to end darkness by prevailing upon the long legacy of loadshedding.
He said due to the prudent policies, the country's economy moved
from negative to stable and then to positive ranking.
The minister said the national exchequer earned as many as
Rs160 billion through six transparent auctions of telecom spectrums, adding the earning from the spectrum was expected to reach Rs200 billion.
He said earlier, only Rs50 billion were estimated from the auction
of the telecommunication spectrum, however with diligence and transparency mechanism, there had been multi-fold increase in the earnings.
Senator Dar reiterated government's resolve to provide internet and mobile access across the country, adding, even the remote areas would also be covered in the network to promote digitalization.
He said the villages having even population of just 100 people
would also be covered under the network. Although it was not financially viable, but providing these services and facilities to the common people was the duty of the government, he added.
The finance minister said the government had been focusing to build
infrastructure so attention was on developing telecommunication, highways and railways to ensure proper connectivity.
He said for the sake of better connectivity, the government kick
started Multan-Sukkhar project despite the fact that it was not financially viable.
He said the dream of being among 18 biggest economies by 2050 could be materialized in a half time as had been done in case of macro economic stability, which was targeted in five years but achieved in just two and half years.
He said the merger of all stock exchanges of Pakistan into Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) on January 11, 2016 was bearing fruits as it had been declared 5th fastest performing exchange now.
Senator Dar said due to the untiring efforts of the government, the loadshedding had been curtailed to three hours in cities and four hours in rural areas. Earlier, when this government assumed the power in 2013, the power outages of 14 hours in cities and 17 hours were recorded in rural areas.
“The darkness would be completely vanished by 2018,” he remarked.
Earlier, Minister of State for Information Technology and
Telecommunication, Anusha Rahman gave a detailed presentation on over all performance of telecommunication sector.
It's hard to fathom that the work of Reverend Thomas Bayes is still coming back to drive cutting edge advancements in AI, but that's exactly what's happening. DARPA-backed Gamalon is the latest carrier of the Bayesian baton, launching today with a solution to help enterprises better manage their gnarly unstructured data.
The world of enterprise is full of unstructured data. This includes product codes, SKUs, and text from sources not formally cataloged in spreadsheets. Organization opens doors for businesses to extract new insights from existing resources and processes.
Gamalon is releasing two products today for AWS, Azure and Google Cloud customers to help them with this problem. The first, Structure, converts paragraphs into structured data. The second, Match, duplicates and links these data rows.
The underlying technology powering these solutions differs from many typical machine learning approaches in the way it approaches prior knowledge. One way to think about this sort of Bayesian framework is in the context of a medical diagnosis.
Let's say someone asks a doctor what they make of their cough. The doctor contemplates and decides that the person could either have a cold or lung cancer. After all, people suffering from both typically exhibit a cough. The missing information however is that very few people walk around with lung cancer while many more have colds.
Bayesian frameworks let us take that extra dimension of information into account and update it as new data is created to build models of the world — an ideal way to think about drawing conclusions with data. An oversimplified deep learning model might just use the symptom data of thousands of hospital patients and try to extrapolate the given ailment. The reality is that the two approaches aren't quite this opposed, but the metaphor gets the idea across.
The result for Gamalon is a system that promises developers a clearer view of how models work. In contrast, deep learning models give us conclusions about data without much detail on what drives the analysis. Even still, both approaches have their ideal use cases — but historically the later has been given a lot more attention.
According to the company's founder Ben Vigoda, Gamalon is writing neural networks as probabilistic programs, building sub-routines within neural nets to combine them with other trained models.
Collections of models can be easily combined to produce better results. This modularity enables a lot of problems to be solved with fewer data. The company is capitalizing on all of this by equipping computers to build models by themselves, a differentiating factor with respect to startups like Geometric Intelligence. Ideally humans and machines can work hand-in-hand. Fortunately for the humans, this ultimately places more value on domain knowledge and less value on pure mathematical prowess.
With the competitive advantage figured out, Gamalon next turned its head to commercialization. The startup trained a version of its framework on enterprise data and gave it a home in the cloud. Beta customers can use the system self-service and Gamalon will offer some professional services if necessary. Typical early customers have been e-commerce and manufacturing businesses that have massive amounts of unstructured data originating from a wide variety of places.
“Understanding unstructured data is a problem for 90 percent of enterprise companies,” asserted Aydin Senkut, a partner at Felicis Ventures. “A ton of audit money and human time is wasted looking for anomalies that a program could learn to find.”
To date, Felicis Ventures, Boston Seed Capital and Rivas Capital have lined up alongside angels like Adam D'Angelo, Andy Bechtolsheim, Steve Blank, Ivan Chong and Georges Harik to pour $4.45 million into the company. This comes on top of $7.7 million in government R&D contracts from DARPA for a total of $12.15 million in financing.
Featured Image: Paul Taylor/Getty Images
© Tom Tingle-USA TODAY Sports
Last week's video sensation has a hero.
“I just ran after it,” Caleb Wadnan told KNBC in Los Angeles – whose staff corroborated his story based on his clothing and photographic evidence taken at a vet's office.
“I had a lot of faith in me at the time being. And so I was just focused on the life at hand rather than the flames around me.”
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says she developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having her kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
She said she was told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but her lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because she waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
She said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, she said, she was not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of her service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on her right kidney and she was referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
He ordered a series of tests. Based on those, he concluded she had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and her ureter be surgically removed, to which she agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told her the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that she had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” she said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery she had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
He added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, she said, several people encouraged her to launch a lawsuit, but she declined.
It was only when she was applying for a disability pension, she said, that she read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told her and her husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of her concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before her kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that he should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and he maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. He also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to his diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said she left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When she underwent a medical exam as part of her release from the military later in 2000, she talked about the misdiagnoses as part of her reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that she was capable of commencing legal action, she said, which is why she waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MAHANOY CITY — The borough is taking steps to improve its codes and a public meeting on the matter will be held, Mahanoy City Councilwoman Diane Rachuck said at the council's August meeting Tuesday.
Recently, borough representatives met with Michael Peter, an account manager with General Code Codification Division, Rochester, New York, about the project.
“We want to revamp some codes in our code book. Now with the help of the people we're working with, the Act 47 people, they're bringing a firm in from Rochester, New York,” Rachuck said while delivering her monthly community development report.
The “Act 47 people” she was referring to were individuals the borough worked with to develop an Act 47 grant application to the state Department of Community and Economic Development in the amount of $145,000.
At 6 p.m. tonight, DCED will hold a public hearing at borough hall regarding that grant application.
Borough Manager Daniel L. Lynch said about $15,000 of that has been earmarked for the code project.
“The gentleman was here last Thursday to give us an example of what goes on with going over the code book and making new codes and updating present codes,” Rachuck said, referring to Peter. “We're going to have some meetings. And next month at our council meeting, we're going to announce when we're going to have a public meeting for anyone that's interested to come and give us some ideas of how we can improve our codes or to enter new ones. This is going to be a special meeting just for codification.”
“Good,” council President Thom Maziekas said.
“They're going to digitize it too so you can access it online,” Councilman Scott Kline said.
In other matters at Tuesday's meeting, the council bought a Western MVP 3 snow plow at a cost of $4,150 through the Pennsylvania State Contract/COSTARS program.
“It attaches to a one-ton truck,” Lynch said.
The plow will replace an older one the borough had been using. The money is coming from the borough's street fund, Lynch said.
Meanwhile, the borough council is continuing its search for a new police chief. In June, representatives of the Pennsylvania Economy League, Wilkes-Barre, and the Pennsylvania Chiefs of Police Association, Harrisburg, offered to help with the search at no cost.
“They have closed the applications. And the chiefs association is currently reviewing the applications. We had 14 applicants. They're going to review the applications then give us recommendations to narrow it down,” Lynch said.
Borough Police Chief John C. Kaczmarczyk retired in April 2016. A month later, the council appointed full-time Officer Charles Kovalewski as officer-in-charge.
The borough has two full-time officers and nine part-time officers, Kovalewski said Tuesday.
In other matters, Mahanoy City Fire Chief Daniel J. Markiewicz said he has smoke detectors available. People interested in receiving one can contact him through the borough office.
“We received approximately 60 smoke detectors to give out. We gave out 36 at our National Night Out. And I got a call and installed two on Friday,” Markiewicz said.
Contact the writer: spytak@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6011
BUFFALO, N.Y. — The Buffalo Sabres have signed Victor Olofsson to a two-year contract after he scored a Swedish Hockey League-leading 27 goals last season.
Olofsson was selected by the Sabres in the seventh round of the 2014 draft. The forward has spent the past three seasons in the SHL, collecting 50 goals and 49 assists in 150 regular-season games. Overall, Olofsson had 60 goals and 117 points in 200 games.
He is coming off a career-best season in which he finished with 43 points in 50 games during his second year with Frolunda HC.
The 22-year-old is listed at 5-foot-11 and 173 pounds.
The RSPCA is calling for bull riding events to be banned in South Australia after a bucking bull snapped its leg while being ridden at an Adelaide rodeo.
The organisation has launched an investigation into the incident, which occurred in front of a sell-out crowd on Saturday night.
Footage of the break was captured by a spectator at the Adelaide Entertainment Centre where Australia's No.1 professional bull rider Cody Heffernan was competing.
A bucking bull snapped its leg while being ridden at an Adelaide rodeo. Photo: Facebook/RSPCA South Australia
The vision shows the bull bucking frantically before its back leg snaps as it falls to the ground while rodeo clowns continue to run circles around it, pulling its tail.
The animal then hobbles out of the arena trying to put weight on the dangling limb. It is not known if the bull has been euthanised.
"This bull's injury was unnecessary and could have been avoided," RSPCA South Australia said in a statement on Sunday.
"We will gather a team of senior legal counsel to investigate what can be done to change laws to make bull riding and rodeos illegal across the state.
"Bull riding is clearly not family entertainment - you would never forgive yourself if your children had to witness such a distressing scene."
According to Heffernan, "seriously good bucking bulls" can be sold to the organisers of the weekend's event, Professional Bull Riders, for between $4000 and $8000.
RSPCA South Australia has also launched a petition calling for Adelaide Venue Management Corporation, which manages the Adelaide Entertainment Centre, to cease hosting rodeos or bull riding events.
"Staging such events at Adelaide's iconic entertainment facility is inhumane, unethical and outdated, making Adelaide appear backward when compared with contemporary attitudes towards animals and their welfare," a representative said.
The campaign attracted more than 440 signatures in a number of hours.
Fairfax Media has reached out to Professional Bull Riders Australia for comment.
with AAP
As far as the ‘it' factor goes, this 10-year-old most definitely has it.
JD McCrary was at a Los Angeles Clippers NBA game over the weekend (Dec. 9) when he was called down to the court to play a round of “finish the lyrics.”
Related: Will Elton John and Beyoncé Update ‘Lion King' Classics for Remake?
Not only did McCrary know every note and word to the Jackson 5's version of Smokey Robinson's classic, “Who's Lovin' You,” but his vocals were incredible.
McCrary is set to star as Simba in the upcoming live-action version of The Lion King movie alongside stars like Beyoncé and Donald Glover. McCrary has worked with Glover before, appearing on the song “Terrified” from Childish Gambino's Grammy nominated album, Awaken My Love.
Seeing the young star in action gives us high hopes for the new Lion King.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 7:58 pm |
Going Green: Man Keeps Title of Kale-Eating Champ
HAMBURG, N.Y. – When it comes to chowing down on kale, Gideon Oji is once again the top dog, gulping down 22 16-ounce bowls in eight minutes during Sunday's Kale Yeah! Competition, The Associated Press reported. The kale was served raw with oil and vinegar at the contest billed as the world's healthiest eating competition.
Donor Funds Repair of Vandalized Food Truck
PEARL RIVER, N.Y. – A couple whose food truck used to support Wounded Warriors was vandalized received an offer of up $10,000 to fix it by an anonymous benefactor, WCBS reported. The donor, a retiree, says she read the story about Ricardo Salazar's truck and decided to donate her vacation money.
West Point Gets First Black Woman to Lead Cadets
WEST POINT, N.Y. – Simone Askew made history Monday as the first black woman to lead the Long Grey Line of basic training at the U.S. Military Academy, The Associated Press reported. The 20-year-old Virginian attained the highest rank in the cadet chain of command.
Crane Climber Arrested After Scaling Skyscraper
NEW YORK – A thrill-seeker was arrested Sunday for climbing to the top of a 71-floor construction crane and videotaping himself, The Associated Press reported. Andrew Liu, 25, faced charges of burglary, reckless endangerment and criminal trespass for his Friday escapade.
Teens Arrested for Roaming Unfinished Tappan Zee
TARRYTOWN, N.Y. – Three teens were arrested after they posted a video show of them trespassing on the Tappan Zee Bridge that's under construction, the Journal News reported. The trio roamed around for about five minutes.
PORTLAND, MAINE—Officials with the U.S government say it's time to consider the possibility that endangered right whales could become extinct unless new steps are taken to protect them.
North Atlantic right whales are among the rarest marine mammals in the world, and they have endured a deadly year. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has said there are only about 450 of the whales left and 17 of them have died so far in 2017.
The situation is so dire that American and Canadian regulators need to consider the possibility that the population won't recover without action soon, said John Bullard, the Northeast Regional Administrator for NOAA Fisheries. The high year of mortality is coinciding with a year of poor reproduction, and there are only about 100 breeding female North Atlantic right whales left.
“You do have to use the extinction word, because that's where the trend lines say they are,” Bullard said. “That's something we can't let happen.”
Bullard and other NOAA officials made the comments during a Tuesday meeting of the regulatory New England Fishery Management Council. Mark Murray-Brown, an Endangered Species Act consultant for NOAA, said right whales have been declining in abundance since 2010, with females hit harder than males.
The problem that the world faces today is the rapid growth of drug addiction. Drug addiction is the most horrifying evils of any society. It hampers the development and destroys the future of the youth. The drug addicts use drug to cut themselves from others and forget the realities of life. They want to run away from their responsibilities and escape the difficulties and challenges of life. Drugs are rampantly being used in our city Turbat where young people use them without any fear of being caught and punished. I request the government to solve the problem of drug addiction by taking a serious action against all those involved in any way.
SOHELA SHAH BAIK
Turbat
Related
Built in 1974 by the Marinette Marine Corporation of Marinette, Wisconsin for the United States Navy, this 107 foot long tug was purchased from the Navy in 2002 by McAllister Towing and Transportation of New York, and named Daniel McAllister. In 2015, she was purchased by Great Lakes Towing and renamed Huron. She arrived Duluth to join the Great Lakes Towing Twin Ports fleet on January 2, 2017.
More pictures and information here
Robyn Hitchcock rocks out on his new, self-titled album, restoring some electric zing to his guitar playing without any loss of melody.
Hitchcock's prolific career since The Soft Boys has often alternated between acoustic albums and electric ones but it's been a while since he plugged-in this convincingly.
He's lived in Nashville for a few years and there are distinctively Music City U.S.A. touches on some tunes — the tongue-in-cheek Johnny Cash tribute “I Pray When I'm Drunk” or the pedal steel guitar on “1970 in Aspic.” Most of the rest, however, have that indelible stamp of Englishness Hitchcock expresses in such an unforced, if decidedly eccentric, way.
Hitchcock uses some Richard Thompson-like guitar tremors on “Virginia Woolf” for a visually raw take on her and Sylvia Plath's similarly self-inflicted demises. He empathizes without condoning — “Sometimes it hurts where you don't wanna hurt.”
Advertisement
The Kinks once did the soundtrack for “Percy,” a film based on a book by Hitchcock's father, Raymond. So it completes the circle that there are echoes of former Kinks frontman Ray Davies on “Raymond and The Wires,” Hitchcock's heartfelt homage to his dad by way of a shared 1964 trolleybus ride.
“Autumn Sunglasses” has a psychedelic feel, its swirling backing vocals, strings and backward guitar all at the service of loopy lyrics and a Lennonesque melody.
Gillian Welch, Grant-Lee Phillips, Emma Swift and Wilco's Pat Sansone contribute vocals and Brendan Benson's crisp production boosts the guitar-centricity.
As for Hitchcock himself, well, the album's dynamic opener is “I Want To Tell You About What I Want.” Auspiciously, he makes no concessions on the other nine songs, either.
The death of Stephen Hawking – the man who defied the ALS disease for several decades – has created a vacuum that can never be filled. The remarkable physicist work shaped modern cosmology. His work was popular among millions of people around the world. Although the wheelchair-bound scientist lost his ability to speak a few years after he was diagnosed with ALS, he kept giving lectures to a large number of audience by using speech synthesizer. His books that are written on complex and difficult concepts of space and time are often called layman's guide to cosmology.
Stephen Hawking was a giant of theoretical physics who bridged the divide between science and popular culture. We have indeed lost a genius whose science was matched with humanity and humour. Hawking was a remarkable man who never let his disability define him but managed to rise above physical disabilities to become one of the world's intellectual geniuses of the 20th Century. He helped change the way we all perceive disabled people. He will perhaps be remembered best as the man with the brilliant mind trapped in a broken body.
Jubel D'Cruz
Mumbai, India
Related
The “runner's high” effect is the reThe “runner's high” effect is the re sult of the brain naturally produc ing opioids after exercise. Physical activity is known to be good for our health, but can as little as a single exercise session have positive effects on the brain? New research investigates. The new study, which is published in the journal Brain Plasticity, investigates the effect of acute exercise – defined as a single session of physical activity – on human mood and cognition. The research was carried out by scientists at the Center for Neural Science at New York University (NYU) in New York City. As the authors of the new study explain, although research has already been carried out on the effects of acute exercise on cognition and mood, fewer studies have focused on the neurobiological underpinnings of these effects. Focusing on the effects of a single session of exercise is important because it helps researchers to gain a better understanding of how sustained exercise over a longer period of time may add up to create long-term changes in the brain. Besides summing up the existing findings, the new review also focuses on the cognitive and behavioral changes that take place in both humans and rodents after an intense single session of exercise. The review also points out the strengths and limitations of the current literature, identifying directions for future research. Lead investigator Wendy A. Suzuki, Ph.D., a professor of neural science and psychology in the Center for Neural Science at NYU, explains the context of the new study: “Exercise interventions are currently being used to help address everything from cognitive impairments in normal aging […] to motor deficits in Parkinson's disease and mood states in depression. Our review highlights the neural mechanisms and pathways by which exercise might produce these clinically relevant effects.” The review mainly examines the effects of a single session of aerobic exercise, lasting approximately 1 hour. Prof. Suzuki and her team reviewed information available from brain imaging and electrophysiological studies. The existing research shows that physical activity may protect against neurodegeneration and other aging-related forms of cognitive impairment. The authors report several key findings. Firstly, across all of the studies reviewed, acute exercise consistently resulted in three main effects: better executive function (the mental processes that help us to plan, focus, and multitask); better mood; and lower stress levels.
Related
CAMBRIDGE — Cambridge resident and York University student Jessica Rumboldt has been awarded the Lieutenant-Governor's Visionaries Prize for her research on Indigenous female offenders.
Earlier this week, Rumboldt was one of six to be awarded $2,500 and a write-up in The Walrus magazine at a ceremony held at Queen's Park.
The PhD student said "it was an absolute joy" to participate in the competition process and to have her research recognized.
The Visionaries Prize was created by Ontario's Lt.-Gov. Elizabeth Dowdeswell in 2016 as a platform for creative thinkers to address — and offer solutions to — challenges facing the province and country over the next 50 years.
​Mobile phone technology firm​ ​​Filtronic ​has announced a second significant defence related contract worth £4.8m of sales over three years.
​Analyst Adrian Kearsey at Panmure Gordon said t​he deals ​with ​a major​, unnamed​ European defence equipment manufacturer​ ​highlights the success of the Leeds-based group's initial defence contract and further diversifies both the customer base and revenue profile.
Filtronic Broadband​ will supply specialist high frequency transmit and receive modules for ​the​ defence related aerospace application.
​Filtronic said production of the modules will take place at ​its​ certified​,​ highly automated manufacturing facility in Sedgefield and is expected to commence in ​the first half of 2018. The agreement provides for additional volumes should ​Filtronic's​ customer secure follow-on project wins with its end-customers.
Rob Smith, Filtronic's CEO​,​ ​said​:​ “We are delighted to have been selected to work on this project.
​"​This is Filtronic Broadband's second major business win in the defence and aerospace sector and along with other smaller contracts, demonstrates our commitment to diversify the customer base and markets we serve, to become a major supplier of advanced communications components and sub-systems to this and other adjacent markets.”
​Mr Kearsey said: "Due to client confidentiality​,​ Filtronic has provided limited details on the contract. However, the move is clearly significant. Firstly, the defence deal adds further momentum to the Broadband segment of the business, highlighting the broadening scope of the product offering. Phasing of shipments will commence soon, with completion due within three years. ​Alt​hough there is a probability that completion will be within two years.​
​"​Following the ​full year results we expressed our excitement for the growing momentum within the group but highlighted that we were mindful that Filtronic needed to convert the pipeline to drive sales materially higher.
​"​Today's announcement represents another important step forward in achieving this pipeline conversion. The transformation of Filtronic ​- ​both operationally and in terms of product positioning​ -​ is clearly taking important steps forward.​"
He said that​ ​o​ver the coming months, ​he expects this will be reflected in the ​group's ​share price as investor​s​ recognise the increasing value of the technology and the opportunities to broaden the client base.
5 unlikely names who may challenge for a WWE world title in 2018
Could one of these men become world champion before we reach 2019?
Harry Kettle FEATURED WRITER Top 5 / Top 10 31 May 2018, 01:04 IST 2.71K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Walk with the champ?
While WWE has certainly evolved over the last few years in terms of the quality of the roster, we haven't seen all too many new faces stepping up to the world title scene. While many guys have been challenging for the belt following a gradual build, the habit of rematches as well as Brock Lesnar winning the Universal Championship has hampered the consistent rise of many upper midcarders.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
Still, that doesn't mean we won't get to see a change in that dynamic over the next few months, and while it seems odd to say out loud, we honestly believe that these five guys are capable of making some waves in the main event scene. We aren't necessarily suggesting that they should win the strap, but they should certainly be in the conversation.
With that being said, here are five unlikely names who may challenge for a WWE world title in 2018.
#5 Kofi Kingston
Could it finally happen?
We've spoken about Kofi Kingston's potential as a main event superstar quite a lot over the last few years but now feels like the perfect time for WWE to officially pull the trigger on it. Kingston has been enjoying a gradual progression alongside his New Day teammates, but there's a reason why Xavier Woods and Big E always refer to Kofi as an all-time legend in this business.
He has the moveset necessary to rise up the card, he can do great work on the mic when given the chance, and he's a proven commodity as one-third of the hottest faction in years. If Kofi is somehow able to win the Money in the Bank ladder match, then the door would be wide open for him to challenge for the WWE or Universal title before 2018 is done and dusted.
1-Octanol belongs to the family of alcohols. It is also known as octyl alcohol. It is usually present in colorless liquid state and is insoluble in water. The vapors of 1-octanol are heavier than air. This causes irritation in nose, eyes, and respiratory system if inhaled. In order to increase the shelf life, 1-Octanol is stored in a ventilated cool and dry place in tightly sealed containers protected from heat and light. Its physical characteristics make it useful as wetting and defoaming agent due to its slight viscous nature. 1-Octanol is used in various other applications. It acts as solvent for waxes, protective coatings, and oils.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/1-octanol-market.html
1-octanol is also used as raw material for the manufacture of plasticizers. Human exposure to this chemical can either be caused through skin contact or inhalation of fumes. Short term exposure can cause irritation to skin, respiratory tract, and eyes. If swallowed in large quantity, it can cause aspiration in the lungs and pneumonitis. 1-octanol is also employed as food preservative in low quantity, so that it does not cause toxicity when consumed by human beings. It is used as synthetic flavoring substance in food, alone or in combination with other flavoring substances. Based on end-use, the market for 1-octanol can be segmented into personal care products, agriculture products, plasticizers, paints & coatings, fuels & fuel additives, and building & construction etc.
The market for 1-octanol is niche, but is anticipated to witness promising growth during the forecast period owing to its increased usage in end-user industries. Increase in awareness among consumers regarding the therapeutic effect of lotions, creams, and conditioners is primarily driving the personal care market. This, in turn, is augmenting the demand for 1-octanol. The market is also expected to benefit from product innovation and product development of new lotions and creams. Increase in recognition of novel brands and rise in awareness among consumers to use prestige brands instead of common brands are poised to boost the 1-octanol market.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20633
The use of 1-octanol as penetration enhancer in transdermal drug delivery in the pharmaceutical industry is estimated to fuel the market during the forecast period. Ability of 1-octanol to permeate skin efficiently and safely without any hazards is the factor driving its demand in the pharmaceutical industry. The fuel & fuel additives segment held promising share of the 1-octanol market in 2015. Its share is projected to increase in the next few years owing to its usage as aluminum rolling lubricant and plastic lubricant, among others.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
It was a tough day at the office for Kyneton agents when they mustered and sold 900 cattle at their monthly store sale on Friday.
Assembling one of their best quality yardings in many months which included a healthy display of spring-drop weaners, bids were hard to find from the outset with no feeder or no volume buyers present to support a rather reluctant group of local area restocker buyers waiting for the winter to pass.
The market across the board was cheaper with steer portion of the penning selling mostly in a 260-290c/kg range while heifers met a particularly tough market sold between 200 and 240c/kg.
The cow and calf market also found the going tough with most lots sold between $1200 and $1675 per outfits.
Tough going for Kyneton cattle Simon O'Donnell, Kilmore, Jonathon Sutherland, Elders Bendigo and Bob McMahon, Melton watched the action in the steer sale at Kyneton
Brendan Coxon, Elders, searched for additional bids on a yard of Angus cows and calves sold at $1200
Greg Dwyer, Landmark-Dwyer client Gerrad Noonan, Malmsbery who sold Angus-Hereford heifers, with calves at foot for $1360
Luke Taylor, Bullengarook, Bob McMahon, Melton and Bill Hickey, Trentham watched the action in the heifer sale
These Lemah Park Hereford Simmental steers, 306kg made $890 a head on the day Tweet Facebook of
The story Tough going for Kyneton cattle first appeared on Stock & Land.
Marvel has a strong presence at New York Comic Con 2017, and the highlight is undoubtedly the Runaways booth, which acts almost like a set laid out for fans to interact with. It looks as though the lockers on display belong to "Atlas Academy," which we assume is the school the kids attend in the #MCU series. Each of the lockers belongs to one of the stars, providing fans with a unique sense of the characters. Nerdy Alex's locker features a PS4 controller and a book on calculus, sporty Chase's includes a lacrosse hoodie, and Nico's includes a photo of Nico with her sister. But the real twist is in Karolina's locker...
The Gibborim Are Confirmed To Appear
The villains of Marvel's Runaways are a criminal group known as the Pride, who have been blessed with wealth and power by inter-dimensional entities known as the Gibborim. Their name comes from a Biblical term used in Genesis 6: 4, which refers to a mysterious race known as the Nephilim. Inspired by this concept, writer Brian K. Vaughan turned the idea on its head to create a demonic race known as the Gibborim. They granted the Pride wealth and honor in return for human sacrifices, and promised that their children would be spared when the Gibborim destroyed the world. Doctor Strange considered the Gibborim to be liars, so we can be confident they never intended to keep their word.
We've long wondered how Marvel would adapt this concept for the series, not least because the show promises to be remarkably comic-book-accurate. Surprisingly, Karolina's locker offer us with the first clues as to how the Gibborim will play into the show.
As reported by MCUExchange, Karolina's locker include two references to the Gibborim. Firstly, there's "The Book of Gibborim," which purports to be written by one David Ellerh. There's also a sticker on Karolina's locker showing her support for the "Church of Gibborim," with the O stylized in a manner reminiscent of the creatures' mystic weaves in the comics.
It looks as though the TV series is subtly rewriting the Gibborim, turning them into the objects of worship for some sort of cult. Karolina's family may well be the most loyal members of the Pride, given her locker is the only one containing these markings, and it's even possible that Karolina herself has been brought up under Gibborim teachings.
The Book of Gibborim ultimately played a major role in Vaughan's first arc, with the children stealing it from their parents to work out exactly what was going on. As with many cults, we can assume leaders have access to secret knowledge that's hidden from the 'rank and file.' If that's the case, we can safely presume that a copy of the Book of Gibborim which is kept in a school locker won't contain details on rites of human sacrifice!
Just how faithful will Marvel's Runaways be? With Brian K. Vaughan involved, we're expecting a tremendously accurate take on the comic-book series. This time round though, it looks as though the plot will contain added depth. After all, the kids aren't just learning that their parents are bad guys. They're also going to be questioning the cult in which at least one of them was brought up...
(Source: MCUExchange)
The mega-extravaganza of the tech world in Las Vegas is showcasing an array of new devices that get smarts from computer chips, sensors and artificial intelligence, but go further by opening doors to augmented or virtual realities.
The Consumer Electronics Show, which begins with a series of media events Tuesday will offer trade professionals a look at new robotics, connected cars and a dizzying assortment of gizmos from connected sneakers to drones.
This year's show will see results of a boost in computing power from artificial intelligence, which can help power things like autonomous cars, and deliver new experiences such as augmented or virtual reality.
“Virtual reality is changing the game for a variety of industries including health care, agriculture, manufacturing and business,” said Gary Shapiro, president of the Consumer Technology Association that organises the annual show, in a Reddit chat.
“Doctors are using VR to enhance traditional therapies, architects use VR to design stronger buildings and travel agencies are using it to simplify vacation planning.”
CES will celebrate its 50th anniversary at the gathering, and organisers promised it would have the largest showcase of VR technology ever.
One CES panel discussion will examine how virtual reality is transforming television, movies and even news with immersive forms of video.
A host of virtual reality experiences will entice attendees at the trade-only show.
Cars will feature virtual reality displays to provide a better sense of the environment around them, while similar technologies will be showcased for smart glasses, medicine and beauty makeovers.
Robin Raskin, who heads the Living in Digital Times centre of the show, said augmented reality is catching on with try-and-see beauty apps, in-store virtual mirrors and toys.
Augmented reality, she said, “lets us look at the real world and add valuable, entertaining and immersive information to it.”
Analyst Jack Gold at J. Gold Associates said that despite the potential benefits of virtual and augmented reality in business or industry, “gaming is where it is going to take off first,” because that's where people are spending money.
“The issue is not whether it has the potential to transform things, but whether you can put it into space where consumers can afford it and give enough additional information so people are able to use it,” Gold said.
CES is among the world's biggest trade shows, and last year drew 177,000 attendees over exhibit space of 2.47 million square feet (230,000 square meters). This year, 150 countries will be represented.
It will include big industry names such as Sony, LG and Samsung in electronics, with the perennial battle to have the sleekest most gorgeous television screen.
Meanwhile, in attendance will be more than 600 startups from 33 countries, including first-time participants — the Czech Republic, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Ukraine.
Auto-industry titans including Ford and BMW are increasingly using CES to show off technology packed into vehicles for efficiency, safety, entertainment and navigation.
The show will feature demonstrations of autonomous or semi-autonomous vehicles, including one from Japan's Honda said to be equipped with an artificial intelligence “emotion engine” that aims to better understand its occupants.
Electric car startup Faraday Future, one of the several manufacturers taking on Tesla, is expected to unveil its first production car a year after showing a prototype.
Renault-Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn has promised to discuss “a major technological breakthrough in the realisation of a zero-emission, the zero-fatality world for everyone,” according to a statement from CES organisers.
The show is also expected to feature advances in robotics, with more human-like robots and the public debut of “Professor Einstein” from Hanson Robotics.
Getting a boost from artificial intelligence, some new robots at the show will keep an eye on the kids, play chess or help with homework.
Gold said he expects to see a large number of drones looking for a slice of a surging market.
“This is really the year of the drone, and everybody is trying to get into this market,” he said.
But he added that the strongest potential for drones may be with businesses, with uses including aerial photography.
On the smartphone front, South Korea's LG will show a range of new “mid-range” handsets and China's Huawei has a smartphone event scheduled. TCL, the Chinese firm which owns the Alcatel brand, will unveil new BlackBerry handsets following its deal for the troubled Canadian brand.
The show floor will see a host of new and improved connected home technologies that manage everything from light bulbs to refrigerators.
“We're pretty close on things like the smart home, where we're going to get up one day and everybody is going to speak to their refrigerators,” said NPD analyst Stephen Baker.
Carolina Milanesi of the consultancy Creative Strategies said 2016 “has seen material progress” in some new technologies that will result in products hitting the marketplace, even though not all will be hits.
“In some cases, it's because the consumers weren't really asking for it,” she said.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Detroit won the game, but lost a key contributor. With a month until the season starts, the team has to figure out where it's going to get its pass rush. Justin Rogers, The Detroit News
Rookie Jarrad Davis (Photo: Daniel Mears / Detroit News)
Indianapolis — It was just a small taste, a nibble really, and it left Detroit Lions rookie linebacker Jarrad Davis wanting more.
“It was definitely nice,” Davis said. “I didn't play too much today, so I still have a little taste for it right now. Hopefully next week, I'll be able to feel that and do some more.”
On the first snap against the Indianapolis Colts, Davis was in the mix, helping stop a run for a short gain. And on third-and-3, when the Colts looked to extend their initial possession by targeting tight end Jack Doyle, Davis was in tight coverage and denied the completion.
“It let me know I can do this, I can play out here,” Davis said.
He only played a handful of defensive series before taking a seat for the night, but it was a good initial impression for the man expected to start in the middle of Detroit's defense for years to come.
And even though it was one play, it was promising seeing his ability to cover a tight end, given the defense's struggles in that area the past few years. Last year, in a season-opening win over the Colts, tight ends caught three touchdowns against the Lions.
With his first game in the books, Davis has already turned his focus to getting better. Consistently praised for his passion for the game and his work ethic before the draft, that football character was on display minutes after the final whistle when he was thoughtfully processing his performance, even without the benefit of film, digging for nuanced ways to improve when the Lions host the Jets next week.
“Everything was going pretty good, just little, small things — different kinds of movements you do pre-snap or right at the snap of the ball,” he said. “Maybe I'm stepping off my outside foot or my inside foot, different things like that, something I can really focus on in practice to make each practice more interesting and push myself even more.”
jdrogers@detnews.com
Twitter: @justin_rogers
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
A 10-member trade delegation, led by Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) President Malik Tahir Javaid, Saturday left on a 10-day visit to Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand to explore new avenues for Pakistani merchandise.
Before leaving, the LCCI president said that the main objective of the delegation was to secure economic benefits for the country by exploring new opportunities for trade, investment and joint ventures. Promoting soft image of Pakistan is also one of the prime priorities of the delegation, he added.
Malik said that during the visit, the delegation would visit the Federation of Indonesian Chamber of Commerce and Industry & Trade of Indonesia.
LCCI delegation would also have meetings with Parts Manufacturers Association, Paper & Pulp Manufacturers Association, Pakistan's Ambassador in Jakarta, Ministry of Trade, Republic of Indonesia, Honda Trading Company and Perdana Group in Indonesia.
In Malaysia, he continued, they would have meetings with High Commissioner of Pakistan, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysian International Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Associated Chinese Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Foreign Office, Malaysia-Pakistan Business Council, Kuala Lumpur & Selangor Indian Chamber of Commerce & Industry.
Malik Tahir said that during the visit of Thailand, delegation would have briefing with Pakistani embassy in Bangkok, Thai Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Thailand-Pakistan Business Council, Federation of Thai Industries and Thai Pakistan Chamber of Commerce.
Other members of the delegation are: Shahid Nazir, Awais Saeed Piracha, Muhammad Wasim, Haseeb Khawar, Shabbir Bhatti, Malik Muhammad Islam, Muhammad Farooq, Mian Faisal Majeed and Muhammad Arshad Bhatti.—APP
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Maddie Martin scored 16 points as No. 1 Dunmore clinched the Lackawanna League Division III girls basketball title with a 52-28 win over No. 8 Mid Valley on Tuesday.
Victoria Toomey had 12 points for the Lady Bucks and Gianna Delfino added 11.
Erica Haefele had 14 points for No. 8 Mid Valley.
Dunmore (20-0, 5-0) — M. Martin 6 2-2 16, V. Toomey 5 0-0 12, G. Delfino 4 1-2 11, L. Tallo 3 0-0 6, E. Bistran 2 0-0 4, M. Borgia 1 0-0 2, K. Quinn 0 1-2 1, B. Frable 0 0-0 0, J. Walsh 0 0-0 0, K. Hopkins 0 0-0 0, N. Haggerty 0 0-0 0, M. Cruser 0 0-0 0. Totals: 21 4-6 52.
Mid Valley (13-8, 2-3) — E. Haefele 5 1-2 14, A. Holt 2 2-3 6, L. Owens 2 2-4 6, E. Morano 0 2-2 2, B. Laboranti 0 0-0 0, K. Laboranti 0 0-0 0, K. Kausmeyer 0 0-0 0, M. Bialy 0 0-0 0, K. Williams 0 0-0 0, L. Medric 0 0-0 0, M. Haefele 0 0-0 0, L. Williams 0 0-0 0, M. Maceyko 0 0-0 0, L. DeSanto 0 0-0 0. Totals: 9 7-11 28.
Dunmore 17 16 9 10 — 52
Mid Valley 4 13 4 7 — 28
3-point goals: M. Martin (DUN) 2, G. Delfino (DUN) 2, V. Toomey (DUN) 2, E. Haefele (MV) 3. JV: Dunmore, 28-19 (DUN: Haggerty 10; MV: Morano 6).
Riverside 46, Carbondale Area 41
At Carbondale, Jess Millan had 16 points and 15 rebounds to lead No. 9
Riverside.
Amelia Zazzera scored 13 points for No. 6 Carbondale Area and Anna Totsky had 11.
Riverside (12-9, 2-3) — J. Millan 7 2-2 16, S. Slaboda 3 5-6 11, L. Spindler 4 0-0 9, N. Sottile 3 0-0 6, H. Tilberry 1 1-1 3, J. Antoniacci 0 1-2 1, B. Olanovich 0 0-0 0. Totals: 18 9-11 46.
Carbondale Area (13-8, 3-2) — A. Zazzera 4 4-4 13, A. Totsky 3 4-5 11, M. Artone 4 0-0 8, C. Carachilo 2 1-1 5, K. Savage 1 0-0 2, A. Artone 1 0-0 2, E. Wall 0 0-0 0, M. Rosetti 0 0-0 0. Totals: 15 9-10 41.
Riverside 10 12 8 16 — 46
Carbondale Area 11 11 10 9 — 41
3-point goals: L. Spindler (RIV), A. Totsky (CAR), A. Zazzera (CAR). JV: Carbondale Area, 36-32 (CAR: Wall 8; RIV: Walters 11).
Old Forge 39, Lakeland 37
At Old Forge, Kierstyn Breig scored 13 points to lead the Lady Devils.
Madison Harding scored 16 points for Lakeland.
Lakeland (11-10, 1-4) — M. Harding 7 1-1 16, B. Estadt 3 0-0 7, K. Retzbach 3 0-0 7, H. Clauss-Walton 2 1-2 5, J. Flynn 1 0-0 2, C. Dippre 0 0-0 0. Totals: 16 2-3 37.
Old Forge (6-15, 1-4) — K. Breig 5 3-7 13, A. Nocera 3 3-6 10, L. Welsh 4 0-0 10, J. Regan 2 0-0 4, M. Florovito 1 0-0 2, J. Kuckla 0 0-0 0. Totals: 15 6-13 39.
Lakeland 5 15 11 6 — 37
Old Forge 8 12 13 6 — 39
3-point goals: K. Retzbach (LAK), M. Harding (LAK), B. Estadt (LAK), L. Welsh (OF) 2, A. Nocera (OF). JV: No game.
Scranton 64, Abington Heights 59
At Abington Heights, Ciaira Loyd hit four 3-pointers and scored 31 points to lead No. 2 Scranton to a Division I win.
Kristen Hart added 13 points for the Lady Knights.
Hannah Kowalski scored 20 points for Abington Heights and Alessia Brunori had 13 points and nine rebounds.
Scranton (16-5, 12-0) — C. Loyd 11 5-6 31, K. Hart 6 1-2 13, S. Glogowski 3 0-1 9, E. Barrett 1 2-4 5, C. Mulderig 2 0-0 4, S. Funchess 1 0-1 2, V. Yatko 0 0-0 0. Totals: 24 8-14 64.
Abington Heights (11-11, 9-4) — H. Kowalski 5 7-8 20, A. Brunori 6 1-2 13, G. Evans 4 0-0 12, O. Baker 2 1-2 5, M. Tully 1 2-2 4, N. Getz 1 1-1 3, E. Albright 1 0-0 2, P. Koehler 0 0-0 0, N. Nealon 0 0-4 0. Totals: 20 12-19 59.
Scranton 19 16 13 16 — 64
Abington Heights 17 17 12 13 — 59
3-point goals: C. Loyd (SCR) 4, S. Glogowski (SCR) 3, E. Barrett (SCR), G. Evans (AH) 4, H. Kowalski (AH) 3. JV: Abington Heights, 36-29 (AH: Terrinoni 8; SCR: Chandler 16).
Mountain View 31
Susquehanna 27
At Mountain View, Sydney Newhart hit 3 of 4 free-throws in the final two minutes to seal the win for the Lady Eagles in Division IV.
Erika Freely had 13 points for Mountain View and Newhart finished with 11 points and 14 rebounds.
Mackenzie Steele had seven points and
10 rebounds for No. 10 Susquehanna.
Susquehanna (12-10, 4-1) — M. Steele 2 3-4 7, B. Maby 2 0-0 6, T. Huyck 2 1-1 5, T. Williams 2 0-0 4, S. Wilson 0 3-4 3, L. Soden 1 0-3 2, E. Lawrenson 0 0-0 0, K. Trynoski 0 0-0 0, M. Rhone 0 0-0 0, M. Heath 0 0-0 0. Totals: 9 7-12 27.
Mountain View (2-18, 1-4) — E. Freely 3 6-10 13, S. Newhart 2 7-10 11, A. Neri 1 0-1 2, L. Adams 1 0-0 2, J. Barhite 1 0-0 2, S. Jones 0 1-2 1, D. Burney 0 0-0 0, M. Bell 0 0-0 0. Totals: 8 14-23 31.
Susquehanna 5 5 6 11 — 27
Mountain View 7 10 6 8 — 31
3-point goals: B. Maby (SUS) 2, E. Freely (MV). JV: No game.
Montrose 27, Lackawanna Trail 19
At Lackawanna Trail, Annalise Ely scored 10 points to lead Montrose.
Laurelann Penn had eight points for Lackawanna Trail.
Montrose (9-12, 5-1) — A. Ely 4 2-6 10, G. Smith 2 0-0 5, R. Vaiciulyte 2 0-0 4, B. Warner 2 0-0 4, H. Andre 1 0-0 2, H. Rapisardi 1 0-0 2, B. Spence 0 0-0 0. Totals: 12 2-6 27.
Lackawanna Trail (1-20, 1-4) — L. Penn 2 4-6 8, L. Kwiatkowski 2 0-0 5, S. Weisenfluh 1 1-1 3, S. Baltrusaitis 0 3-6 3, M. Stuenzi 0 0-0 0, A. Decker 0 0-2 0, C. Fauquier 0 0-0 0. Totals: 5 8-15 19.
Montrose 6 10 9 2 — 27
Lackawanna Trail 6 3 4 6 — 19
3-point goals: G. Smith (MON), L. Kwiatkowski (LT). JV: Montrose, 28-13 (MON: Reeves 11; LT: Kryzwicki 4).
Wallenpaupack 37
Western Wayne 34
At Wallenpaupack, Olivia Scartellia scored 10 points to lead the Lady Buckhorns to a Division II win.
Gracie Guarino had 13 points for Western Wayne.
Western Wayne (5-16, 2-10) — G. Guarino 5 3-7 13, J. Berger 3 3-4 11, C. Henneforth 1 4-6 6, M. Lombardi 1 0-0 2, H. Roedel 1 0-0 2, C. Mousley 0 0-0 0, S. Collins 0 0-0 0. Totals: 11 10-17 34.
Wallenpaupack (13-9, 6-7) — O. Scartelli 4 0-1 10, E. Worzel 3 2-6 8, O. Gregory 3 0-0 7, M. Guerrieri 1 3-6 6, T. Boyd 1 2-2 4, R. Tirjan 1 0-0 2, H. Smith 0 0-0 0, E. Sloane 0 0-0 0, B. Denniston 0 0-0 0. Totals: 13 7-15 37.
Western Wayne 3 6 9 16 — 34
Wallenpaupack 7 4 13 13 — 37
3-point goals: J. Berger (WW) 2, O. Scartelli (WAL) 2, O. Gregory (WAL), M. Guerrieri (WAL). JV: Western Wayne, 20-16 (WW: Swoyer 7; WAL: Montalvo, Jones, 6).
North Pocono 49
Delaware Valley 22
At North Pocono, Rachel Lewis scored a career-high 10 points and had seven steals, seven rebounds and five assists to lead the seventh-ranked Lady Trojans.
Chloe Pehanick also scored 10 points for North Pocono.
Shelby Brittain scored eight points for Delaware Valley.
Delaware Valley (3-19, 1-12) — S. Brittain 2 3-6 8, H. Gallagher 3 0-0 6, J. Pacella 1 0-0 3, F. Fucetola 1 0-0 2, S. O'Grady 1 0-0 2, E. Bobo 0 1-2 1, A. Recksiek 0 0-0 0, H. Lee 0 0-0 0, E. Woolley 0 0-0 0, B. Cavallaro 0 0-0 0, T. Randazzo 0 0-0 0, E. Anderson 0 0-0 0, C. Cavallaro 0 0-0 0. Totals: 8 4-8 22.
North Pocono (15-7, 10-3) — C. Pehanick 5 0-4 10, R. Lewis 4 2-2 10, S. Kaneski 3 3-3 9, B. Ruby 3 1-2 7, I. Pehanick 3 0-0 6, J. Montana 1 1-2 3, L. Gaughan 1 0-0 2, M. Carney 1 0-0 2, J. McDonough 0 0-0 0, I. Elia 0 0-0 0, E. Pipcho 0 0-0 0, S. Kamla 0 0-0 0, S. Polk 0 0-0 0. Totals: 21 7-13 49.
Delaware Valley 14 5 3 0 — 22
North Pocono 13 13 12 11 — 49
3-point goals: S. Brittain (DV), J. Pacella (DV). JV: North Pocono, 42-21 (NP: McDonough 10; DV: Bobo 8).
Holy Cross 70, Blue Ridge 37
At Holy Cross, Abby Anderson scored 18 points to lead the fourth-ranked Lady Crusaders to a Division III-IV crossover win.
Abby Sempa added 10 points for Holy Cross.
Kalynne Myers had 18 points for Blue Ridge and Isabella Cosmello scored 16.
Blue Ridge (12-9) — K. Myers 6 6-12 18, I. Cosmello 7 1-6 16, D. Goff 1 0-2 2, M. Brulla 0 1-2 1, H. Vaughn 0 0-0 0, C. Wyatt 0 0-0 0, E. Mangel 0 0-0 0, G. MacConnell 0 0-0 0. Totals: 14 8-22 37.
Holy Cross (16-5) — A. Anderson 7 3-4 18, A. Sempa 4 1-1 10, H. Bestrycki 3 1-2 9, L. Walsh 3 3-4 9, M. Burda 2 5-5 9, A. McGee 1 2-2 4, E. Pica 2 0-1 4, G. Calciano 1 0-3 2, C. Kranick 0 2-2 2, L. Torre 1 0-0 2, M. McGoff 0 1-3 1, A. Pezzuti 0 0-0 0, N. Gillette 0 0-0 0, A. Malinoski 0 0-0 0, T. Dutter 0 0-0 0. Totals: 24 18-27 70.
Blue Ridge 11 13 3 10 — 37
Holy Cross 27 16 17 10 — 70
3-point goals: I. Cosmello (BR), H. Bestrycki (HC) 2, A. Sempa (HC), A. Anderson (HC). JV: No game.
Sudan, World's Last Male Northern White Rhino, Dies
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AP STR/AP
Sudan, the world's last male northern white rhinoceros, died in Kenya Monday, leaving his species one step closer to complete extinction, even as a group of scientists undertakes an unprecedented effort to try to keep this animal from vanishing entirely.
Sudan was 45 years old and his health had deteriorated in recent weeks after a severe leg infection. In a statement, the Ol Pejeta Conservancy said his condition worsened and he was no longer able to stand up, so his veterinary team decided to euthanize him.
Sudan was captured in Sudan in 1975, when he was just two years old, and was taken to Dvůr Králové Zoo in the Czech Republic. But as that zoo fell into financial troubles and rhinos failed to breed, Sudan was relocated in 2009 to the Ol Pejeta Conservancy, in Laikipia County, Kenya, along with two northern white rhino females named Najin and Fatu.
The thinking was that in a place closely resembling their homeland, they would thrive. Northern white rhinos used to be found in an area spanning Uganda, Chad, southwestern Sudan, the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Some 2,000 existed in 1960, according to the World Wildlife Fund, but war and the poaching that funded the fighting drove them to extinction in the wild.
Joseph Thaida, who took care of Sudan at the conservancy since 2012, remembers him as an affectionate and gentle rhino who had his picture taken with tourists and served as the centerpiece of publicity stunts. The most famous was when Sudan got his own Tinder profile last year, to bring attention to the plight of his sub-species and direct donations to the Ol Pejeta Conservancy for research on assisted reproductive technologies for rhinos.
"Whenever he hears people talking, he loves to come close, because he knows he's gonna be scratched," Thaida told NPR last year.
Thaida remembered when Sudan arrived at the conservancy, watching him as he studied the southern white rhinos already there. Sudan learned how to sharpen his horn using a tree. He began to graze and wallow in mud like his genetic cousins.
After years in captivity, Sudan finally learned to become a rhino at this conservancy, Thaida believed. But he and the two females never reproduced.
Dr. Steve Ngulu, the veterinarian who was in charge of Sudan, said the animal's death is sad and shocking — and a testament to human failure.
"But then, as far as their propagation is concerned, we are happy that at least we collected some sperm from him and the other males," Ngulu said.
One of the huge hurdles facing scientists is that the two remaining female northern white rhinos cannot gestate the next generation — one is sterile and the other is not physically capable of carrying a calf full term.
"So, natural reproduction cannot take place, artificial insemination is not possible, so the only other option that we have to have a pure northern white rhino baby is to retrieve or to do something we call ovum pick-up, collect eggs from the females," Ngulu said.
Those fertilized eggs would then be implanted in a southern white rhino, who would carry the calf to term. Taking eggs from a rhino, though, has never been done. If and when scientists take that risk, there's a chance that the females could perish — bringing the species to extinction.
Gov. Rick Snyder is ordering all state government facilities to provide recycling services within a year.
An order signed Friday instructs the Department of Technology, Management and Budget to provide all state departments with information about recycling.
Snyder also announced an initiative called Re:Source, which will promote use of recycled materials, partly by helping businesses connect with companies that buy and sell recycled paper, metal, glass, and plastic.
The initiative will include a public education campaign and a push to update Michigan's solid waste laws to discourage wasteful practices such as building landfills instead of increasing recycling.
It also calls for the state to set an example by boosting recycling opportunities at state parks, rest areas and other sites.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
By Martha B. Jacob –
Each academic quarter the students of RULH Middle School gather in the gym for a morning assembly to honor and congratulate those students who have shown themselves to have the 3 AAAs: academics, attitude, and attendance, according to music teacher, Jessica Kahrs.
Justin Birchfield, advisor for the RULH Middle School student council, emcees the event each quarter and his student council members recognize individual students from each grade for their academics, citizenship, leadership, and athleticism.
“This is always an event that highlights the great effort that goes into learning and building the school community at RULH Middle School,” Mrs. Kahrs said, “There's always a bit of fun thrown into these assemblies as well.
“The middle school students are throughout the school year, awarded JAYS Bucks for good behavior, acts of kindness and exceptional character, and academic effort.
“The JAYS Bucks can then be redeemed for rewards that include, being able to wear a hat to school, a Blizzard ice cream from our local Aberdeen Dairy Queen, and extra outside free time for an entire class.”
Kahrs added that students can even purchase the chance to duct tape a teacher to a chair. For 250 JAYS Bucks, a student can make a staff member kiss a goat! The larger rewards don't often get redeemed, but at a recent assembly, that was not the case.
“This is my second year teaching music to all of the students in the building,” Mrs. Kahrs said, “The kids have given me the nickname “DJ Curly J” for after my work as an acting DJ for all the school dances and assemblies. Unfortunately for me, I was chosen as the target for the Goat Kissing reward by several of my 5th grade students: Clay Phillips, Emily Adams, Jersey Fulton, Sara Schwierling, Ellaina Hutchinson, and Kenlee Finn.”
Mrs. Kahrs said that she had previously been duct taped to a chair so this was not her first time being asked to do something embarrassing for her students.
“I'm usually pretty willing to look stupid for these kids,” she said with a smile, “I love teaching them and getting to know and love all of them. They are worth the embarrassment for sure.”
Stardust the Goat arrived early one morning, brought in by owners John Paul and Christy Haitz, whose daughter, Maci is a 7th grader at RULH Middle School. He waited patiently for his new companion outside the building while the rest of the ceremony took place.
“So, with a little mental preparation,” Mrs. Kahrs said, “Stardust the Goat got his smooch, much to the pleasure of the cheering crowd of onlooking middle schoolers.
“Who knows what next quarter's assembly will bring!”
Yes, we have seen nothing but sunshine today, but our temperatures have been less than desirable. Unfortunately, that cool trend will continue the next few days.
Tonight
Skies will be mainly clear across Mid-Michigan tonight. The exceptions will be closer to the Lake Huron shoreline where we'll see a little more cloud cover. Our issue tonight will be the chilly temperatures. Lows will bottom out in the low 20s which doesn't seem terrible, however winds will still be breezy out of the northeast at 10 to 20 mph. When you combine both the temperature and the wind, it will end up feeling more like it is in the teens and even the single digits in some spots. To see what the wind chill is like in your area, check out our Feels Like Map.
Tomorrow
Tuesday is the first day of spring, but somebody forgot to tell Mother Nature. Highs will be just as chilly as today, if not a little cooler in the low to mid 30s. Winds will be breezy again out of the northeast at 15 to 25 mph and that will make it feel like it is in the low 20s in most spots and even in the teens in some spots. If there is a silver lining, it's that we will still see some sunshine. This time around skies will be partly cloudy instead of mostly sunny.
Mid-Week
There will be improvement as we make it toward the end of the week. High temperatures will still be in the mid 30s on Wednesday, but will rise into the low 40s on Thursday. One thing is for sure and that is we won't see any rain for another few days. We will have mostly cloudy skies on Wednesday as a low pressure passes us to our south. Once we make it to Thursday, skies will be mostly sunny once again.
Stay up to date with the latest First Warn 5 7 Day Forecast.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Naveed Aman Khan
THE China-Pakistan Economic Corridor is solidifying relations between the two nations but the project faces multiple security and political challenges. Traditionally, China and Pakistan have cooperated closely at the strategic and political levels. Now the two nations are making efforts to expand their bilateral collaboration economically as well. The construction of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) is a milestone that signifies this shift.
At its core, the CPEC is a large-scale initiative to build energy, highway, and port infrastructure to deepen economic connections between China and Pakistan. This initiative has been well received in both countries, although it is not without its problems. Nevertheless, China and Pakistan regard the CPEC as a new source of potential synergy between their respective national development strategies which may help the two countries translate their close political cooperation into multifaceted economic cooperation, attain mutual benefits and achieve a win-win outcome. For the economic corridor to reach its potential, however, there are security and political challenges in Pakistan that must be addressed timely and properly.
China first proposed the corridor project in May 2013. Chinese President Xi Jinping then visited Pakistan in April 2015, and both sides agreed to elevate their relationship to an all- weather strategic partnership. During President Xi's visit, the two countries signed fiftyone agreements at an estimated value of $46 billion initially. The CPEC has now moved into the implementation phase. On May 6, 2016, an opening ceremony was held in Sukhur. It is constructed on a section of highway between Sukhur and Multan. It is part of a network of highways connecting the cities of Peshawar and Karachi. This network is a major component of the CPEC's plans for infrastructure expansion, which highlights the progress the two nations have achieved in transportation. In addition, on November 13, 2016, the first large shipment of Chinese goods went through the Gwadar Port
China considers these development initiatives a potential source of stability and prosperity for the two countries. From a Chinese perspective, cooperation in the areas of security and economics are closely intertwined, and improvements on one side can improve the other. Security and economics are two separate wheels of the same vehicle, and both spin things forward. China believes economic development can strengthen Pakistan's internal stability reinvigorating the latter's economy through investment in infrastructure projects as well as the construction of oil and gas pipelines. China hopes this will create a certain level of stability within Pakistan and in turn stabilize China's western periphery, particularly the province of Xinjiang undoubtedly.
The CPEC has to be understood in the context of China's strategic interests in East Asia and the way the United States has challenged them. Faced with such difficulties, China hopes it can expand its strategic space by heading west. Pakistan serves as a crucial bridge between China and Central Asia, South Asia, and the Middle East. Security and stability in Pakistan will make it possible for China to exercise greater influence in these regions and to ensure security at home. This is why China is willing to pour vast amounts of resources into the economic corridor—based on the logic of improving security through economic development.
Likewise, Pakistan has realized that no other country places such high strategic importance in its economic relationship with Pakistan as China does. Pakistan also greatly values the economic corridor and views it as mutually beneficial in terms of politics and economic development. Pakistan aims to advance from being a lower-middle-income nation to an upper-middle-income nation by 2025. To achieve this goal, Pakistan hopes to attract increasing amounts of foreign investment. The country is working to improve its overall economy by constructing energy projects and other forms of infrastructure, to create employment opportunities and to improve its governance.
The logic behind this strategy is that fundamentally improving Pakistan's economy will help alleviate the challenges posed by political extremists and radicals. China and Pakistan share the belief that economic development can help stabilize Pakistan and improve its domestic security situation. However, China also recognizes that the security, political, and cultural risks and uncertainties facing the economic corridor cannot be overlooked. The first of these risks is terrorism, which has long affected Pakistan's internal security and stability. The security threat posed by terrorism remains ongoing, despite the economic benefits that the CPEC can offer Pakistan. The corridor aims to enhance the well-being of people throughout the country and bring long-term prosperity and stability. The Pakistani authorities, meanwhile, have promised China they will do everything possible to ensure the safety of Chinese nationals.
Second, Pakistan's domestic politics is also important to the CPEC's success. The country's political system has never been particularly stable. Political power oscillates between military and civilian leaders. General Pervez Musharraf's resignation as President in 2008 ended the latest period of military rule, and from that point onward, the military has been pushed from centre-stage. In the 2013 election, the Pakistan People's Party lost power after the Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz defeated it. The successful completion of this election, as well as the smooth transition of power that ensued, was the first time in Pakistan's history that a civilian government was able to serve out its entire term. This was a sign of improvement for Pakistan's democracy.
On the other hand, Pakistan's traditional political culture, which is almost feudal in nature, also continues to play an important role. Powerful families based in different provinces, such as the Bhuttos and the Sharifs, have typically held political power. Behind the party politics are local interests groups associated with these families. Various parties within Pakistan have disagreed a lot about how CPEC transportation routes should be mapped out. The competing parties are primarily interested in how the cake should be divided, so to speak. To strengthen its respective standing among the electorate, each of Pakistan's political parties hopes the CPEC will pass through the region it represents, allowing its local community to enjoy the corridor's benefits. China and Pakistan have taken positive measures to help set up the CPEC for success ahead.
Share on: WhatsApp
2016-17 Ranji Trophy- Semi-finals, day 2: Tamil Nadu-Mumbai evenly poised; Gujarat inch ahead after late strike
Mumbai trail Tamil Nadu by 134 runs with 6 wickets in hand at the end of day 2.
@MadridistaSays by Vignesh Ananthasubramanian Report 02 Jan 2017, 17:16 IST
RP Singh took three wickets for Gujarat
Honours were shared on day 2 of the Ranji Trophy semi-finals between Mumbai and Tamil Nadu at Rajkot as the defending champions end the day on 171-4, trailing TN by 134 runs with 6 wickets in hand.
After dismissing TN for 305, Mumbai lost their teenage opener Prithvi Shaw, who is making his debut for Mumbai in the very first over for just 4. To everyone's surprise, Suryakumar Yadav walked out to bat ahead of Shreyas Iyer as the latter was unwell. Surya looked comfortable right from the start as he took the attack to the opposition. He was severe on Aswin Crist and reached his 26th first-class fifty in quick time. Along with opener Praful Waghela, he threatened to take the game away from TN as Mumbai were cruising at 125-1. It was when Vijay Shankar dismissed Surya for 73 and that triggered a mini batting collapse.
Soon after, it became 128-3 when Waghela was run-out by TN skipper Abhinav Mukund for 48. Two balls later, Siddesh Lad was caught by Mukund off Aushik Srinivas without troubling the scorers. Skipper Aditya Tare and Shreyas Iyer played cautiously and made sure that there were no further hiccups in the day.
Earlier in the day, TN lost their overnight batsman Vijay Shankar right after the all-rounder scored his fifty. Aswin Crist scored some crucial runs before they were dismissed for 305. Mumbai's Abhishek Nayar and Shardul Thakur were the pick of the bowlers as they ended with 4 wickets each.
In the other quarter-final match at Nagpur, Gujarat inch ahead after a late strike by RP Singh that had the dangerous Ishan Kishan walking back to the pavilion. At stumps on day 2, Jharkhand were trailing Gujarat by 176 runs with Ishank Jaggi and Rahul Shukla still at the crease.
Also read: MS Dhoni in Nagpur to cheer for Jharkhand in the semis
Resuming from the overnight score of 283/3, Gujarat lost the leading run-scorer in Ranji Trophy this season, Priyank Panchal for 149. They lost wickets at regular intervals and were dismissed for just 390. RP Singh scored a valuable 40 coming in at no. 9 while Rajiv Shukla and Ajay picked 3 wickets apiece for Jharkhand.
RP Singh struck early with the ball as he removed Sumit Kumar early before accounting for Pratyush Singh for 27 soon after. Virat Singh and Saurabh Tiwary tried their best to pull things back before they were sent back for 34 and 39 respectively. Jaggi and Kishan put on a 92-run and were looking good to see through the day. In the penultimate over of the day, Jharkhand lost Kishan for 61 and that turned the match in favour of Gujarat, who are the favourites to take the first-innings lead. Jaggi is still unbeaten on 40 while RP Singh took three wickets in Jharkhand's 214-5.
Brief scores:
At Rajkot: Mumbai 171-4 (Suryakumar Yadav 73, Praful Waghela 48, Vijay Shankar 1-14) trail Tamil Nadu 305 by 134 runs.
At Nagpur: Jharkhand 214-5 (Ishan Kishan 61, Ishank Jaggi 40*, RP Singh 3-48) trail Gujarat 390 by 176 runs.
Adam McGinnis, who also lives in the neighbourhood, says he was reading on his back porch Sunday night when he heard what sounded like a large gun blast. He says he figured it must have been a transformer that blew and didn't realize it was a bombing until his wife told him Monday morning.
Authorities say they believe all four blasts are the work of a serial bomber. The attacks have killed two people and injured four others.
___
12:10 p.m.
An FBI investigator says he hopes the latest bombing in Texas' capital city isn't the bomber's way of reaching out to law enforcement.
Authorities have been calling on the person or people behind this month's string of bombings in Austin to let them know the reasons for the attacks.
Christopher Combs, the special agent in charge of the FBI's San Antonio division, told The Associated Press on Monday that investigators are looking for a dialogue with the bomber. He notes that the stakes "went up a lot" on Sunday with the bomber's use of a tripwire. Two men were seriously injured.
Combs, who is investigating the Austin attacks, says, "The bomber has obviously shown us that he has the ability to make more complex devices, to hurt more people, to be more random. And that's not good. That why we need to talk to the bomber about what is going on."
___
11:45 a.m.
Authorities say the latest bomb to go off in the Texas capital of Austin was anchored to a metal yard sign near a hiking trail and equipped with a fishing line-thin tripwire.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, said at a news conference Monday that the wire or filament that detonated the bomb Sunday night would have been very difficult to see.
Two men received significant injuries in the blast. Authorities say that although it is different from the three package bombings that killed two people and injured two others elsewhere in the city this month, they believe they are all the work of a serial bomber or bombers.
Milanowski says investigators have received more than 500 leads since the first bombing on March 2 and they are looking at several persons of interest.
___
11:20 a.m.
Austin's police chief says officers have completed a sweep of the neighbourhood where the latest in a string of bombings occurred and deemed it safe, but he asked those who live there to remain indoors until 2 p.m.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although officers didn't find anything suspicious while canvassing the southwestern Austin residential neighbourhood of Travis Country, investigators are still collecting evidence.
Authorities say that although Sunday night's bombing differed from three earlier this month, they believe they were the work of a serial bomber or bombers. Two men received significant injuries in Sunday's attack. It apparently involved a bomb placed alongside a fence and a tripwire that the men triggered while walking their bikes between the fence and a street.
The first three attacks used package bombs left on people's doorsteps. Those attacks killed two people and injured two others.
___
11 a.m.
Authorities are urging the public to provide surveillance video that could assist in the investigation into the string of bombings in the Texas capital of Austin.
During a news conference Monday, police Chief Brian Manley asked homeowners and others to forward video to investigators that might offer insight into the bombing Sunday night or three earlier this month.
The latest explosion injured two men in their 20s who were riding or walking their bicycles through a neighbourhood in southwestern Austin. The earlier blasts killed two people and injured two others and happened in other parts of the city.
Authorities say the device that detonated Sunday featured a tripwire and was left near a road, while the prior bombings involved packages left on people's doorsteps.
___
10:50 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the four bombings that have killed two people and injured four others in Texas' capital city this month is believed to be the work of a serial bomber.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that Sunday night's explosion that injured two men marks a "significant change" from the first three because it was triggered by a tripwire that would have hit any random person walking by it. The first three attacks were carried out with package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Manley says as investigators search for a pattern in the attacks, they will try to determine if there is a specific ideology motivating them.
The attack Sunday happened in a southwestern Austin residential neighbourhood that isn't close to the sites of the first three attacks.
___
10:25 a.m.
Authorities have called on the person or people behind the bombings in Austin, Texas, to reach out to the police to let them know why they're setting off the explosives.
Police Chief Brian Manley said Monday that it's too soon to say whether Sunday night's bombing that injured two men could have been a response to his call for those behind the bombings to reach out.
Manley says investigators see "similarities" between Sunday night's bomb and three others this month that killed two people and injured two others. But he says Sunday's differed in that it involved a tripwire whereas the others were package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, says the latest bomb is "more sophisticated" because it used a tripwire.
___
10:15 a.m.
Authorities say investigators see "similarities" between the latest bomb to detonate in Texas' capital city and three bombs that went off earlier this month.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although the bomb that injured two men Sunday night seems linked to the three previous ones, the latest bomb involved a tripwire and those three were package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, says the latest bomb is "more sophisticated" because it used a tripwire.
Manley says the two victims are men ages 22 and 23 and that they are hospitalized in stable condition with significant injuries.
Both men are white, as opposed to the victims of the three prior bombings, who were black or Hispanic. Those attacks killed two people and injured two others.
___
9 a.m.
Austin's mayor says growing anxieties are "legitimate and real" following the fourth bombing in the city this month.
Mayor Steve Adler told The Associated Press on Monday that residents shouldn't think twice about calling 911 if they see anything suspicious. A blast occurred Sunday night in a neighbourhood far from the sites of the three package bombings in Austin this month.
Police haven't confirmed the latest explosion, which injured two men who were riding or pushing bikes, is related to the first three, but they're looking into the possibility.
Authorities say Sunday's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed a different level of skill from previous blasts. Adler says the concern now is that "the methodology has changed."
___
8:30 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the two men injured in the most recent bombing in Austin were riding or pushing bicycles when the explosives detonated.
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Monday that Sunday night's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed "a different level of skill." The attack differed from three earlier blasts in Austin this month, which were caused by package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
The men injured in Sunday's blast were white, unlike the victims of the first three bombings, who were black or Hispanic.
Authorities have cordoned off the neighbourhood where the bomb went off Sunday night and have warned residents to remain indoors while officers check for anything suspicious.
___
8:20 a.m.
The University of Texas' campus police force is warning students returning from spring break to be aware of the four recent bombings to hit Austin, saying, "We must look out for one another."
In a tweet Monday, UT Austin police said, "When you get on campus this morning ASK your friends if they've heard about the bombings. TELL them about the incidents."
It also urged students to report suspicious items to the authorities. Classes were resuming Monday after a week off.
A blast triggered by a tripwire in a residential neighbourhood Sunday night injured two men. Three previous package bombs detonated in different parts of the city since March 2, killing two people and injured two more.
None of those incidents were close to the university's sprawling campus near the heart of Austin.
___
8 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the latest bombing to hit the city was detonated by a tripwire, "showing a different level of skill."
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Monday that both of the men injured in Sunday night's blast are white, unlike the victims in the city's three previous bombings this month, who were black or Hispanic.
Sunday night's explosion happened in the southwestern Austin residential neighbourhood of Travis Country. The three previous bombings happened two-plus weeks in residential neighbourhoods east of Interstate 35, which divides the city.
Authorities have warned Travis Country residents to remain indoors until 10 a.m. as police scour the area for anything suspicious.
___
7:25 a.m.
Police have warned residents near the site of the latest explosion in Austin to remain indoors and to call 911 if they need to leave home before 10 a.m.
Authorities say Sunday night's explosion in the Travis Country neighbourhood in southwestern Austin injured two men and may have been triggered by a tripwire. The police chief repeated his warning to residents not to touch or approach suspicious packages.
Investigators are trying to determine whether the blast is related to three package bombings this month in other parts of the city that killed two people and injured two others.
Austin's school district announced that buses wouldn't be going into the Travis Country neighbourhood.
Authorities had already offered $115,000 in rewards for information leading to an arrest in the first three bombings.
By The Associated Press
×
2018 Cross Country Open House
Greg Miller of BIC Alliance visits with (from left) Ryan Gelbaugh, Greg Orlando and Kavish Desai of Cross Country Infrastructure Services at their 2018 Cross Country Open House & Crawfish Boil on Feb. 1, 2018. The company was giving tours of its 10-acre facility they moved into last summer. Both Cross Country's clients and vendors were treated to some great food, live music and a chance to win a raffled prize.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's safe to say Ousmane Dembele is on the radar of more than a few clubs.
The French forward, who made 52 appearances for Borussia Dortmund last season, scoring 11 times, is part of France's 'golden generation' - he's just one of a number of talented youngsters turning the nation into, potentially, a serious force for the future.
Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris recently name-dropped the 20-year-old as one of three players he believes would be sensational in the Premier League, alongside Thomas Lemar and the very highly rated Kylian Mbappe.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Barcelona is just one club interested in the France forward, and appear to be targeting him amid Thomas Tuchel's Westfalenstadion exit.
And although Dembele has recently claimed to be happy at Dortmund, Man United fans will be slightly excited by his recent social media activity.
(Photo: Reuters)
Now as every United fan will know, the club recently confirmed Victor Lindelof's £30million transfer from Portuguese giants Benfica.
But it wasn't just those in Manchester who apparently approved of the signing.
The Dortmund forward was keeping his eye on proceedings and even gave confirmation of his transfer a quick 'like' when it popped up on Twitter.
Make of that what you will. We're sure United fans will.
T-Mobile will donate $10,000 for every home run during the MLB postseason, as well as $1 for tweets using #HR4HR.
Mother Nature can be truly terrifying at times, and this point has been reinforced beyond belief with the recent hurricanes of Harvey, Irma, and Maria. The devastation caused by these natural disasters will have an impact on our world for years to come, but in an effort to speed up the recovery process, T-Mobile has announced its #HR4HR relief fund.
T-Mobile's #HR4HR stands for Home Runs for Hurricane Recovery, and T-Mobile is using its sponsorship with the MLB to pledge $10,000 donations for every postseason home run that's hit throughout the year. T-Mobile has already raked in $140,000 worth of donations thanks to 14 home runs that were hit during the Wild Card games for the MLB's American League Division Series, and the carrier says that it hopes to give a minimum of $1 million once all is said and done.
$1 will be donated for every tweet using #HR4HR.
In addition to the $10,000 pledge for each home run that's hit, T-Mobile also says that it'll donate $1 for every Tweet that's sent out using the hashtag #HR4HR. Donations sent in with these tweets will go up to $500,000, and that's on top of any money donated through baseball players' home runs. And, along with its own efforts, T-Mobile also wants to remind people that you can still text MARIA, HARVEY, or IRMA to 90999 to make a $10 donation to the American Red Cross.
Per T-Mobile's CEO and President, John Legere:
Puerto Rico, Texas, and Florida are home to some of the biggest baseball fans in the world, and they need our help. So we're stepping up. Plus, throughout the MLB Postseason, we're turning the biggest moments of the game into moments that really matter with every home run worth $10,000 – and every fan's tweet with #HR4HR adding to the relief effort.
In addition to the money it'll be giving through #HR4HR, T-Mobile also hopes that it'll be able to create awareness for hurricane relief outside of its own program as well.
How your phone can help before and during a hurricane
RCSD honored by S.C. House and Senate
Columbia, S.C. (WOLO) – The Richland County Sheriff's Department was honored today (4/22) with resolutions by both the S.C. House and Senate highlighting the contributions the agency has given to the area and how participating on LivePD has helped demonstrate transparency in law enforcement.
The resolutions expressed gratitude for the “legacy of professionalism the members of the department have showcased and for the prestige this has brought to our great state.”
The S.C. House of Representatives also presented ceratin deputies who participate in LivePD with individual honors.
Doug Storum
FORT COLLINS — Colorado State University on Thursday said Public Service Credit Union has secured the naming rights for the school's one-year-old on-campus stadium for $37.7 million.
The agreement, which when added to the $20 million given in 2016 to name the playing surface Sonny Lubick Field, brings the total naming rights revenue for the stadium to $57 million. The agreement with the credit union is for 15 years and includes annual escalator clauses for inflation, as well as a signing bonus. PSCU has assets in excess of $2.3 billion and has more than 230,000 members
PSCU agreed to become the title sponsor of the new stadium as part of an overall rebranding initiative and planned public rollout of a new name, which will be unveiled in the coming weeks.
The playing field will continue to be named for the Rams' legendary head coach Sonny Lubick, who also happens to serve as vice president of community outreach for the credit union.
Learfield's Rams Sports Properties and its Campus+ business brokered the agreement.
This is comparable to the recently announced $69 million United Airlines Memorial Coliseum at University of Southern California and the $41 million Alaska Airlines Field at Husky Stadium at the University of Washington.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 6:37 pm |
Aircraft carrier USS Nimitz. (Reuters/Mike Blake/File)
(The Washington Post) - An Iranian drone made several passes by the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz in the Persian Gulf on Sunday, the second such incident in a week and described by the Navy as unsafe, unprofessional and dangerous.
The unmanned aerial vehicle made the passes by the Nimitz while the aircraft carrier was in international waters and carrying out operations with jets on its flight deck, said Navy Lt. Ian M. McConnaughey, a service spokesman in the Middle East. The drone, an Iranian QOM-1, moved in despite the Navy making repeated radio calls to establish communications, and it came within 1,000 feet of U.S. aircraft, he said.
“The failure of the Iranian UAV to utilize standard, internationally-mandated navigation lights during a nighttime approach of a U.S. aircraft carrier engaged in flight operations created a dangerous situation with the potential for collision, and is not in keeping with international maritime customs and laws,” McConnaughey said in a statement.
The incident came five days after another QOM-1 drone came within 100 feet of an F/A-18E Super Hornet flying off the Nimitz. In that incident, the drone nearly collided with the Navy jet while it was in a holding pattern and preparing to land on the Nimitz, the Pentagon said. The Super Hornet maneuvered out of the way, creating lateral separation of about 200 feet and vertical separation of about 100.
The drone is called a Sadegh-1 by the Iranians and was unveiled in 2014. It can carry up to two missiles, but U.S. military officials said the aircraft was unarmed in the first incident last week. The Pentagon did not immediately disclose whether the drone was unarmed again Sunday.
McConnaughey said Monday that there have been 14 incidents between U.S. and Iranian aircraft this year in which the U.S. military labeled something the Iranians did as unsafe and unprofessional. But the QOM-1 drones have only become a problem recently, officials said.
“While the use of UAVs has become more prevalent in the region, these two occurrences are the only UAV-related unsafe and unprofessional interactions that we are tracking,” McConnaughey said.
There also have been several altercations between the United States and Iran at sea. Most recently, a Navy patrol boat, the USS Thunderbolt, opened fired in July with two machine-gun bursts near an Iranian Revolutionary Guard vessel as it made a quick approach in the Persian Gulf, Pentagon officials said. The Iranian craft got within 150 yards of the Thunderbolt.
Here at TechCrunch, we tend to pay close attention to the earnings reports of the big companies. And for good reason! It gives us some insight into major technology trends and some signals that can help us not only predict what products are going to be around in a few years (not mentioning any names), but also directionally what kinds of startups might be successful.
But!
Sometimes these reports can be dull. And sometimes these reports can be quite boring and fall directly in-line with what Wall Street and everyone else expects. We have a couple new entries this quarter like Snap, but since we're here, we might as well have a little bit of fun. So we're going to set out some of the odds of some of the fun, stupid and interesting things that might happen this earnings season.
NOTE: WE ARE NOT GOING TO PAY OUT THESE BETS. WE DON'T HAVE THE MONEY OR RESOURCES. OUR PARENT COMPANY JUST BOUGHT YAHOO FOR SOME REASON.
Twitter
Anything bad happens because it's 4 A.M.: 3/2
Jack Dorsey says he's still running both companies: 3/1
Twitter's ad business shrinks: 2/1
Twitter talks about its great new executive team: 5/1
More Twitter layoffs: 50/1
Jack Dorsey accidentally calls Twitter “Square” and has to apologize: 25/1
Square shares go up after Twitter falls for some reason: 3/2
Apple
Apple grows revenue and/or iPhone sales: 5/1
Over/under on “Customer Sat” mentions on the earnings call: 3
Apple breaks out Apple Watch numbers: 100/1
Apple services revenue breaks $9 billion: 10/1
Self-driving car mention: 15/1
Tim Cook says services revenue will be “size of a fortune 100 company” in 2016: 3/1
Someone mentions augmented reality: 15/1
Apple stock rises more than 3%: 7/1
Over/under on number of Qualcomm lawsuit mentions (analyst or otherwise): 3
An Apple executive actually names Qualcomm on the call: 7/1
Greater China revenue shrinks: 4/1
Someone says something about the Apple car: 15/1
Apple TV is called a “hobby”: 25/1
Alphabet
Line on Other Bets loss: $900M
Larry Page shows up to earnings call: 40/1
The Waymo lawsuit is mentioned in some fashion: 20/1
Someone actually mentions Uber by name: 50/1
Alphabet breaks out cloud revenue: 25/1
Alphabet cost-per-click grows: 50/1
Alphabet declares a regular dividend: 3/2
Alphabet shares go up more than 3%: 6/1
Someone mentions currency fluctuations: 7/1
Yahoo
Yahoo discloses another hack: 25/1
Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg says something about his USA tour: 3/2
Instagram is fully broken out: 100/1
Analysts ask about fake news: 5/1
User growth stalls completely: 50/1
A Facebook executive actually addresses fake news: 15/1
The number of stories posted to Instagram is mentioned: 3/2
Someone says anything about GIFs: 10/1
Facebook stock goes up by 3%: 8/1
Snap
Snap somehow discloses some number that's beating Instagram: 50/1
A Snap executive actually mentions Instagram by name: 75/1
A Snap executive actually answers the inevitable question regarding Instagram Stories DAUs with some clarity: 45/1
Snap actually beats expectations enough to warrant its current revenue multiple: 25/1
Snap announces some new corporate governance method to share control with public investors: haha yeah right
Snap stock goes up by 3%: 4/1
Snap breaks out Spectacles revenue: 10/1
Microsoft
Microsoft discloses last quarter's Windows Phone sales: 100/1
Microsoft breaks out Surface Studio sales numbers: 75/1
Microsoft breaks out Azure-specific run rate: 25/1
Google Cloud or AWS is actually mentioned: 30/1
Satya Nadella quotes some poetry: 35/1
Microsoft shares go up 3% or more: 9/1
IBM
Some ominous mention or signal of additional future layoffs: 5/1
Amazon
Amazon actually breaks out Kindle sales numbers in absolute terms: 15/1
Amazon makes money by some accident: 5/1
AWS hits a $12B annual run rate: 8/1
Amazon shares go up at least 3%: 3/1
Media is mentioned for some reason: 4/1
An Amazon executive mentions the number of Alexa skills: 3/2
Over/under on number of Alexa skills if mentioned: 7,000
Box
Box returns to negative free cash flow: 5/1
Over/under on mentions of “cohort analysis” during earnings call: 2
Box stock goes up 3% or more: 6/1
Verizon
Verizon apologizes for calling it “Oath”: 100/1
TechCrunch shoutout: 200/1 (come on Tim!)
Netflix
Netflix somehow beats expectations for domestic subscriber growth: 7/1
Netflix original series The 3% is mentioned: 8/1 (great show by the way)
Over/under on 2017's content spend if mentioned: $6.5 billion
Iron Fist is mentioned by an executive or analyst: 5/1
Paypal
PayPal's stock goes up 3% or more for some reason: 4/1
PayPal actually has some breakout of Venmo: 5/1 (💪💪💪)
Qualcomm
Apple is actually mentioned by name with regards to the pending lawsuit: 15/1
Over/under on number of mentions or questions regarding the Apple lawsuit: 5
Fitbit
Fitbit's market cap falls below GoPro after its report: 3/2
Over/under on gratuitous vanity metrics mentioned: 7
Tesla
Tesla is GAAP profitable: 7/1
Tesla actually beats expectations for car shipments: 5/1
Tesla says it will raise more money with a stock sale: 25/1
Discussion concerning the raising of new external capital: 5/1
Over/under for the number of analyst questions regarding SolarCity: 4
Pandora
Someone says Pandora is “exploring strategic options”: 5/1
Cisco
Something interesting enough that's worth mentioning happens: 50/1
GoPro
GoPro's stock hits another all-time low: 7/1
Something dumb happens: 3/1
Square
Another minor beat: 3/1
Be sure to check out TechCrunch in the coming weeks for its coverage of earnings for major tech companies.
Alex Wilhelm, editor-in-chief of Crunchbase News, contributed to this post.
Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images
The cost utes such as the Ford Ranger (left), Mazda BT-50 (centre) and Toyota HiLux (right) would go up under proposed emissions standards, as would most cars and SUVs in the Top 20. Picture: Joshua Dowling.
The cost utes such as the Ford Ranger (left), Mazda BT-50 (centre) and Toyota HiLux (right) would go up under proposed emissions standards, as would most cars and SUVs in the Top 20. Picture: Joshua Dowling.
AUSTRALIA'S top two selling cars - the Toyota HiLux and Ford Ranger, and most other cars in the Top 20 - would go up in price if the Federal Government adopts stricter carbon-emissions standards.
The Australian newspaper has reported today that a vehicle emissions target of 105g of CO2 per kilometre is a "live option" for the Federal Government, which aims to pitch the move somehow as a "win for motorists".
Vehicles which use more fuel and exceed this emissions level - most of the popular cars, SUVs and utes sold in Australia today - would be penalised by an emissions tax, pushing prices up.
The carmakers would pay the penalty but the costs would be passed on to consumers.
The idea is that the regulation forces car companies to prioritise the sale of efficient cars and discourage the purchase of bigger, thirstier vehicles with higher emissions, such as SUVs and utes.
Is the cost of our two top-selling vehicles — the Ford Ranger and Toyota HiLux — about to go up? Picture: Joshua Dowling.
Other countries have stricter emissions rules than Australia, which is about six years behind the latest European standards.
However, the car industry argues it is almost impossible to meet more stringent standards on Australia's comparatively low grade fuel, which typically has up to 150 parts per million of sulphur versus 10 ppm overseas.
The petroleum lobby argues better fuel would increase the price of petrol at the pump - and increase the cost of cars.
However the cost of cars that can run on clean fuel would not go up because they are already developed for overseas markets.
Indeed, the opposite is true: the cost of certain cars could go up if Australia does not bring its fuel quality into line with Europe because the car companies need to modify their engines to run on our poorer quality fuel.
UK-based vehicle emissions expert, Andrew Fulbrook, invited by the Australian car industry lobby group to speak at its annual general meeting and gala dinner in Canberra last week said: "I can't see an argument to say the vehicle would get more expensive if better quality fuel were to become available in Australia".
He added: "The poor quality of Australian fuel in fact makes it more expensive to recalibrate (engines) to meet standards here".
A list of the Top 20 cars sold in Australia and their emissions output. It varies depending on individual models. Graphic: The Australian newspaper.
Already some car companies are dropping certain models or will no longer import selected variants because of the cost of the extra recalibration required - which costs millions of dollars.
For example, Volkswagen will stop importing the manual version of the Golf GTI from October this year and won't import the manual version of the Polo GTI, despite the obvious appeal of manual transmissions in the hot hatch market.
The Australian newspaper reported that Minister for Infrastructure Paul Fletcher, who is leading the government's Ministerial Forum on Vehicle Emissions with Energy Minister Josh Frydenberg, said the government was yet to finalise the policy, but "any decision will place ¬savings for Australians front and centre".
"Under a fuel efficiency standard, the average motorist in Australia could save up to $500 a year in fuel costs," he said.
The savings would be made only if motorists switch to newer, more economical vehicles.
However, according to industry experts, the savings in better fuel economy would largely be negated by the increased cost of the cleaner petrol at the pump.
LAHORE, Jan 2 (APP)- Pakistan Tennis Federation will organize 1st Lobbing Love Tennis Ten Tournament from January 4 at Syed Dilawar
Abbas PTF Tennis Complex Islamabad.
The tournament shall be played for boys & girls 10 & under and 8 & under players, said ,Secretary,PTF, Muhammad Khalid Rehmani on Monday.
“Modified green & Orange ITF balls will be used for tournament, 10 &
Under will be played on full court and 8 & under on half court as per ITF specifications,” he said. The competition will start at 10 am in the morning Davis Cupper Shah Mehmood is the organizing secretary. Sara Mansoor ITF qualified coach and Pakistan No One Woman player is the Coordinator of this event, he said.
Khalid said PTF has given All Lobbing Love Tennis Series national ranking points and will also hold these tournaments in other cities of country.
“President PTF Salim Saifullah Khan has asked all affiliated units to
hold Tennis ten series provincial and local ranking events to attract the players in the age of six to ten years of age,” said PTF official.
He said these competitions will go a long way in promoting tennis at
grass root level besides identifying new talent to broaden the base of the game.
It is pertinent to mention that PTF has already made mandatory to hold 10 & under events in every national tournaments with green Dot 75 percent pressure balls.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) -- A 23-year-old man who was "out for blood" when he attempted to detonate what he believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building, authorities said Monday.
During a meeting with undercover FBI agents in June, Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, said he held "III% ideology" and wanted "to start the next revolution," a reference to the "Three Percenters" patriot movement -- begun in 2008, galvanized by President Barack Obama's election -- and that has rallied against gun control efforts and pledges resistance to the federal government over the infringement of constitutional rights.
Federal officials arrested Varnell early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Varnell is charged with attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce.
Varnell made an initial appearance before a federal judge Monday afternoon and remains in the custody of federal marshals. Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney.
U.S. Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma, a member of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, said the allegations are a somber reminder that Americans must remain vigilant about home-grown extremism and radicalization in local communities.
A III% group said Varnell had joined their group less than a year ago but was never active and has been removed from its membership rolls. In a statement, III% United Patriots spokesman Dylan Hunter says the group condemns Varnell's alleged acts.
"His claim about following the III% ideology are blatantly false as we do not condone acts of terrorism," Hunter said.
On Saturday, a rally by white nationalists and others opposed to a plan to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a Charlottesville, Virginia, park turned violent and led to the death of a 32-year-old woman who was struck by a car allegedly driven by a man into a crowd of people protesting the rally. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale police response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town and both troopers on board died.
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and "that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation."
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more.
In a series of text messages with the FBI's informant, Varnell "claimed to have a bunker for when the world (or United States) collapsed" and indicated he was trying to build a team, the complaint states.
"I'm out for blood," the complaint quotes Varnell's texts. "When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team."
But an undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and the device used was actually inert, authorities said. Varnell's actions were monitored closely for months as the plot developed.
"There was never a concern that our community's safety or security was at risk during this investigation," said Kathryn Peterson, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
The undercover agent met face-to-face with him on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing, the complaint states.
Varnell indicated at the meeting that he had previously made homemade explosives and that he "was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement," the complaint says.
"Something needs to be done," Varnell said, but killing a lot of people was not a good idea, according to the complaint. During text conversations in July, Varnell stated he wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast, it says.
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what he believed was a stolen van. Shortly after midnight on Saturday, Varnell drove the van by himself from a storage unit in El Reno, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from the bank in Oklahoma City, and dialed a number on a cell telephone that he believed would trigger the explosion. The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m.
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was "retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people" and "an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions."
Both of Oklahoma's Republican U.S. senators said the alleged plot could have rivaled the devastation caused by the Oklahoma City bombing 22 years ago.
"It is chilling to think that a sympathizer of Timothy McVeigh would want to act on hate, as a tribute to the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil before September 11," Lankford said.
Sen. Jim Inhofe said law enforcement authorities "successfully prevented a hateful act of domestic terrorism."
If convicted, Varnell faces between five and 20 years in prison.
By TIM TALLEY, Associated Press.
Good afternoon!
Well here we are again, back in Lancashire for this Sky Bet League Two clashes.
Thankfully - after last month's problems - this match is on, but the pitch looks very heavy indeed and rain continues to pour.
It'll be interesting to see who Joe Dunne plays, with a whole raft of injuries and the development side playing list night.
Morecambe, on the other hand, are desperate for the points. Indeed, if they win this, they're probably safe and will be seven points above Barnet. If not, there's only four points with two games to go...
Anyway, as ever, we'll be here right the way through until about 10.30, so stay tuned for all the build-up, action and reaction.
Rawalpindi
On the directions of Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif, Managing Director Tourism Development Corporation Punjab Ahmar Malik has announced special 50 % discount on tickets of Patriata Chair Lift and Cable Car Safari Train for tourists in connection with celebrations of Independence Day..—APP
Related
We might never know why Shohei Ohtani chose the Los Angeles Angels. He might not know exactly why, but even if he does, he spent his press conference Saturday being frustratingly vague about it. "A connection," he said, and left it at that. Asked later to explain, he replied, in Japanese, "It's hard to explain." And left that at that.
Most of his answers were brief, sometimes quippish, but there was one answer that seemed to carry a lot of meaning. It doesn't tell us why he chose the Angels, necessarily. But it says a lot about Major League Baseball, and what its most valuable asset is as an industry.
"In Japan," the questioner asked, "and also in the United States, sometimes you're referred to as the Japanese Babe Ruth. What are your thoughts on that?"
"I'm honored to be compared to Babe Ruth, but in no way do I think I'm at his level," Ohtani said, through a translator. "Today is actually the real starting point for me."
Editor's Picks Which Shohei Ohtani is the most FUN Shohei Ohtani? The Japanese star could be a great pitcher or a not-so great pitcher in MLB. As a hitter, he might have a similar range. We mix and match the projections to find the most entertaining Ohtani.
Shohei Ohtani and why being Babe Ruth isn't all it's cracked up to be The Japanese sensation has teams dreaming of an elite pitcher and an All-Star slugger wrapped into one. But there's a catch: Two-way stars might hurt more than they help. 1 Related
Today is actually the real starting point for me.
If you were the commissioner of Major League Baseball, what would you say the league's most valuable asset is? Maybe its billion-dollar broadcast contracts, guaranteeing huge revenues even in recessions? Or its 30 stadiums, creating a virtual impenetrable barrier against an upstart baseball league challenging its monopoly? Its anti-trust exemption, or the pages of free marketing it gets in every day's sports section?
Those are part of it. But the answer, I think, is something along the lines of gravity.
Gravity, of course, is that "force of attraction that exists between any two masses, any two bodies, any two particles." It's relentlessly strong, right? It would exhaust you to climb 25 flights of stairs -- to fight the earth's gravity for a mere 15 minutes -- while it just effortlessly sits there holding down all the world's objects 24/7/365. What a thing, gravity. Gravity isn't just important to earth; the earth, as an entity, is nothing but a gravitational construct.
Major League Baseball has gravity, and the force of attraction is not so much the broadcast deals or the ballparks as it is the players. It isn't that Major League Baseball has the majority of the best players in the world. It's that it has all of the best players in the world -- at least the best few dozen, and maybe the best 100. You might argue statistically that Nippon Baseball is (making numbers up here) 90 percent as good as the majors, and that Triple-A is 80 percent as good, and KBO 75 percent and the Pacific Association 30 percent, but all those numbers would really be good for is putting Nippon and Triple-A and KBO in context with each other. There is no comparison between any of them and the majors. Those leagues are incredibly fun, honorable, and stocked with fantastic ballplayers, but the majors are where every great player -- almost literally every single one -- eventually goes, and has for decades.
Japan's biggest star, Shohei Ohtani, left tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars on the table to come to America two years early. That's the gravity of playing on the world's biggest stage, and with the world's greatest player. AP Photo/Jae C. Hong
For Major League Baseball, this gravity is an asset in somewhat cynical ways -- it's why the league can implement wage-suppressing draft and international-bonus systems without worrying that any of those young players are going to go play somewhere else. But it's also an asset for purer reasons than that. It's the reason we watch, and why, when we do watch, there's no tickle in the back of our minds wondering whether there might be some better baseball players playing somewhere else. We know there aren't. If there were, the world's best players wouldn't all funnel into the majors.
Today is actually the real starting point for me, Ohtani said. If you are an elite baseball player, you can never truly be tested without playing Major League Baseball against major league players. At least, that's what Ohtani seemed to say Saturday, and it's what he seemed to say when he made the decision to sign this winter instead of waiting two more years.
You might have read in the past few months that Ohtani cost himself "hundreds of millions of dollars" by coming to the United States this year. That's not really hyperbole: Because of baseball's international signing rules, he couldn't get a signing bonus more than, roughly, the $2.3 million the Angels will give him; he won't get paid more than the major league minimum this year or next; and he won't get paid his full market value until he hits free agency in six years, when he's quite possibly already past his physical prime. At any point in those six years he could get hurt or run into some other career-altering obstacle, so he carries the risk all the way through those six years. But if he'd waited just two years he could have come as an unrestricted free agent, and most likely scored a contract guaranteeing him $200 million or more. (In the meantime, he'd have been paid more in Japan than he will make in his first years with the Angels.) My own estimate is he probably cost himself around $90 million, and with a lot more risk.
MLB Offseason From Keith Law's free-agent rankings to all the big moves, we have the MLB offseason covered.
• Complete MLB hot stove coverage »
In other words, Ohtani actually created a real-world valuation of what it means to play in the majors, against the very, very best players in the world. The value of it is not less than $90 million. And, keep in mind, he would have come to the majors in two years anyway. But waiting for that opportunity was the risk he wasn't willing to take. Risking his first nine-figure fortune for an extra four years, sure. Risking his chance to play in the majors, at not just the highest level but the only truly high level, no way. He has reached the top of Maslow's pyramid, and the only path to self-actualization for a great baseball player in the year 2017 goes through the majors. This, I would argue, is Major League Baseball's greatest asset.
Great baseball players exert gravity on other baseball players. The very best exert the strongest gravity, to the point of near irresistibility. I believe that, if baseball salaries were taxed at 99.9 percent, and baseball players had to have second jobs to pay for their baseball habits, and the games were televised on tape-delay at 3 a.m. on the Ocho, all the league's rosters would lose about four players. Ohtani is my latest evidence.
It still doesn't answer why Ohtani chose the Angels, but maybe it hints at it. The Angels didn't obviously have a lot to attract Ohtani. They're not the World Series favorites, and it's not entirely clear they're even a very good team, in the short term. They aren't a team with a particularly rich history or international reputation, or a team that will max-out his fame and marketability. The Angels seem eager to use him as a two-way player, but it's sort of an awkward fit, with a prohibitively stuffed outfield and an extremely highly paid and injury-prone DH who will now have to survive first base. And their manager is one of the strongest -- some have said stubborn -- leaders in the game, which means Ohtani's leverage to dictate his role is probably weaker now than it would have been in any other organization. (For now, that's not a problem, because Mike Scioscia seems to be in agreement. But ... )
And yet "he felt a strong connection," his agent said. The Angels "felt a unique connectivity," the team said. Maybe he was, indeed, simply charmed by a very persuasive and motivated general manager. But, in the absence of a better, clearer explanation, the attractive force of Mike Trout -- the very best player in the world -- is a satisfying one. Trout called him up. Trout told him he wanted to play with him. "I took those words to heart and I'm here," Ohtani said Saturday. I don't know if Trout's the reason Ohtani signed with the Angels, but I'd bet almost anything he wouldn't have signed with the Angels if Trout were on a different team.
He said his goal was to be the "top" player in the world. Maybe there's no better way to prove it than by doing it right alongside the incumbent top player in the world, Mike Trout. Of course, when it comes to value added, Trout's got quite a head start: Not just the 9-WAR seasons he routinely produces but, arguably, the superstar free agent his gravity might have just attracted.
Time is marching on — sometimes at an alarming rate — and we're quickly approaching TechCrunch's annual huge conference in San Francisco.
TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2017 is less than a month away at 48 Pier in San Francisco. This year's lineup includes a stellar group of speakers, including Pinterest's Ben Silbermann, Golden State Warriors superstar forward (and also investor) Kevin Durant, Forerunner Venture's Kristen Green and Udacity co-founder Sebastian Thrun.
We'll be tackling a lot of huge topics at Disrupt this year — a lot of which have exploded in just the past year or so. From the future of ICOs to AI bleeding into every piece of technology you touch, TechCrunch Disrupt SF features some of the best minds in the industry that spend their days neck-deep in the future of technology. We'll also have the always awesome Startup Battlefield, where some of the best new companies compete. Early bird general admission tickets are still available for one of the best shows of the year.
Here's a glimpse at some of the speakers that will be joining us:
Morphing a digital collage into a wildly successful home for inspiration
Ben Silbermann, CEO of Pinterest: Pinterest has gone from a simple collage app to one of the go-to apps for planning for the future. Slibermann went from an advertising product specialist at Google to founding one of the most fascinating new products that can drive a different kind of user behavior than you would find anywhere else on the Web, and it's now worth more than $12 billion. That's caught the eye of advertisers as a product that could offer some kind of unique customer base that has a totally different behavior than those on Facebook and Google. And it's for good reason — people come to Pinterest to become inspired, to dig deep into topics (like cars or weddings) and then finally figure out what they want to do. And they go to Pinterest to get inspiration from things they might not have even realized they would find interesting.
Mapping out the human genome
Anne Wojcicki, CEO of 23andMe: With the hope of making the human genome searchable — just like the Internet — Wojcicki and her team founded 23andMe in 2006. Her story is not only one of innovation and science, but also navigating the complex regulatory ecosystem. The company hit a major snag when the FDA blocked the company's ability to basically do what it set out to do. Then four years later, 23andMe finally got the green light to once again start giving patients information about their genomes and the kinds of diseases they are at risk. It's the tale of a lot of work over a long period of time for the startup that's raised hundreds of millions of dollars.
Turning jaw-dropping home design photos into a massive business
Adi Tatarko and Alon Cohen, co-foudners of Houzz: If you haven't already opened Houzz, you're in for quite the ride. While Houzz could just be a guilty pleasure for many, with its curated photos of interior (and very lavish) home designs, it's also a massive business. Whenever you ask about Houzz, people in the valley would say they were quietly building their business — until the company announced its astounding $400 million financing round at a $4 billion valuation. Tatarko and Cohen have one of the quietest success stories in the Valley, and we'll get to know a little more from the married co-founders.
A look at online education beyond the U.S.
Cindy Mi, VIPKID: You probably know about Udemy, Coursera and plenty of other online education courses. You might not have heard of Cindy Mi, whose longtime focus on teaching English has morphed into a $100 million startup. VIPKID connects Chinese students with native English speakers to help them pick up the language — especially as they look to work in an increasingly global economic environment. That platform has ballooned into one that has more than half a million students, all while navigating the complex market for online education abroad.
Be sure to stay tuned for more information about speakers, sessions and various entertaining and educational programs at TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2017. See you in September!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WOODSON TERRACE, MO (KPLR) – A strong weather system blew through the St. Louis metropolitan area Wednesday afternoon, leaving damage in its wake in a north St. Louis County municipality.
The winds were so strong they knocked a large tree into two homes in the 9400 block of Muriel in Woodson Terrace.
The American Red Cross of St. Louis is helping nine people in both homes who are affected by this incident with emergency assistance of food clothing and shelter, but those families still have a ways to go.
CLAIM
Anonymous seized the domain of white supremacist site Daily Stormer and announced its imminent demise.
UNPROVEN
RATING
UNPROVEN
ORIGIN
After the neo-Nazi web site The Daily Stormer mocked a woman who was killed at a 12 August 2017 white supremacist rally in Virginia, the domain host GoDaddy announced that it would no longer host the site:
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. — GoDaddy (@GoDaddy) August 14, 2017
GoDaddy published the tweet at 10:24 PM Eastern Standard Time on 13 August 2017. Less than a day later, a post appeared on Daily Stormer claiming that the domain had been seized by the decentralized international activist collective Anonymous:
END OF HATE: ANONYMOUS NOW IN CONTROL OF DAILY STORMER #TANGODOWN THIS SITE IS NOW UNDER THE CONTROL OF ANONYMOUS WE HAVE TAKEN THIS SITE IN THE NAME OF HEATHER HEYER A VICTIM OF WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM FOR TOO LONG THE DAILY STORMER AND ANDREW ANGLIN HAVE SPEWED THEIR PUTRID HATE ON THIS SITE … THIS EVIL CANNOT BE ALLOWED TO STAND IT TOOK A UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS FROM AROUND THE WORLD TO BREACH THE SYSTEMS AND THE FIREWALL WE HAVE HAD THE DAILY STORMER IN OUR SITES FOR MONTHS NOW THE EVENTS OF CHARLOTTESVILLE ALERTED US TO THE NEED FOR IMMEDIATE ACTION WE WANT YOU NAZIS TO KNOW: YOUR TIME IS SHORT WE WILL ALLOW THE SITE TO REMAIN ONLINE FOR 24 HOURS SO THE WORLD CAN WITNESS THE HATE THEN WE WILL SHUT IT DOWN PERMANENTLY HACKERS OF THE WORLD HAVE UNITED IN DEFENSE OF THE JEWISH PEOPLE YOU SHOULD HAVE EXPECTED US
The Twitter account@YourAnonNews, which, while not official, is widely viewed as the most accurate source for known Anonymous action, had indicated a response to the events in Virginia was forthcoming shortly before the post appeared:
This is just getting started. Browse the images of the Alt-Reich at Charlottesville and see if you know anyone. #OpDomesticTerrorism — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
However, shortly after the post began grabbing headlines, the account pointed out several reasons to be skeptical that the collective had taken over The Daily Stormer. For one thing, the window cited by GoDaddy (24 hours) was identical to the timeframe provided in the “Anonymous” post:
We have no confirmation that “Anonymous” is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host. https://t.co/ikXXRBfC5p — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
We find claim that it took a “UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS” to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing. — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
If the CMS was compromised and under control by an activism motivated attacker, why leave up the old content? Easy enough to delete. — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
Look at the cliche script of the site. It will give them a cute claim later that we're part of the “Jewish Conspiracy” they rant about it. — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
In a separate response, @YourAnonNews noted that the nature of the collective made the claim difficult to discount, but they remained highly skeptical:
Anything's possible. But if that were the case, we'd probably have received a communication about it. — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
We are 99% confident that this is a completely false stunt by DS derps. Still not anyone taking credit, despite feelers. — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
By contrast, the account appeared to confirm that members of the group had shut down the Charlottesville city web site using a denial of service (DDOS) attack. The action came as part of what the group is calling #OpDomesticTerrorism, and was a protest against perceived inaction by Charlottesville police:
Not all of us support targeting public resources, nor do we all agree with DDOS. But the article's author communicated with valid sources. — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
Although the decentralized nature of Anonymous (as explained by @YourAnonNews) makes it difficult to fully debunk the claim Daily Stormer was downed as part of #OpDomesticTerrorism, we are highly skeptical that the claim is true. No faction of Anonymous claimed credit, other objectionable content on the site was left intact, and most damningly, the window cited in the “hacked” post was identical to GoDaddy's provided timeframe for Daily Stormer's shutdown.
The “Anonymous” post on Daily Stormer also failed to mention Heather Heyer, the woman killed at the rally who The Daily Stormer later mocked. However, the post did succeed in providing the condemned web site a flood of traffic.
Beginning at 8 a.m. Monday, lanes will be reduced on Walnut between 20th and 23rd for concrete repairs. Both the northbound and southbound lanes will remain open but lanes will be narrowed. The repairs are estimated to be completed by Friday, Dec. 22, weather permitting.
Signs will be in place to direct the traveling public. The traveling public should use caution and avoid driving in the area if possible.
A year ago this week, the artist Prince was found dead at Paisley Park, his home, studio, and party space in the Minneapolis suburb of Chaska. Today, a series of search warrants and affidavits from the criminal investigation of Prince's accidental opioid overdose were made public by the Carver County District Court in Minnesota. Dated between April and September 2016, these documents were part of the investigation into how and where Prince obtained a fatal dosage of fentanyl. They also give some insights into the day on which the legendary musician passed away and the circumstances of the weeks leading up to his death on April 21, 2016.
Throughout Prince's residence, including in the laundry room and in Prince's bedroom, investigators discovered controlled substances that "were not contained in typical prescription pill bottles but rather, were stored in various other containers such as vitamin bottles," according to the documents.
Much of the investigation appears to focus on Kirk Johnson, a bodyguard and friend of Prince's since the '80s and, according to the investigators, "one of the few people who had unrestricted access to Paisley Park." The investigation also delved into Dr. Michael Schulenberg, who had begun treating Prince on April 7, 2016 — just weeks before his death. (Prince was said to not have a regular doctor; according to investigators, "his managers would set up for him before a show so that Prince could receive a B12 injection' to 'feel better' before performing for a show.")
Johnson had contacted Schulenberg to help treat Prince's hip pain. One affidavit states that the doctor met with Prince and prescribed him three sedatives: clonidine, hydroxyzine pamoate and diazepam. However, the prescriptions were made in Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy, Johnson told investigators. A day before Prince's death, on April 20, Johnson picked up the prescriptions under his name; he told county investigators that "this was the first time he had ever done something like that for Prince." Schulenberg was at Paisley Park, dropping off test results, when police arrived there on the morning Prince's body was found.
Schulenberg also told investigators that on April 15, he had prescribed Prince oxycodone, also in Johnson's name. That was the same day that Prince's plane, on a flight to Minnesota following a performance in Atlanta, had made an emergency landing near Chicago. According to The New York Times, Judith Hill and Kirk Johnson were the only other passengers besides Prince on that flight.
Prescription medications written to Johnson and dated April 7, 2016 were found in a suitcase with the name tag of 'Peter Bravestrong,' which singer and friend Judith Hill confirmed to investigators was an alias Prince would use while traveling. The medications included acetaminophen/oxycodone hydrochloride, an opioid painkiller. Investigators also noted that the 'Peter Bravestrong' suitcase contained handwritten lyrics for Prince's song "U Got the Look."
A computer found near that suitcase in Prince's bedroom was initially overlooked by investigators, until they learned through interviews that Prince did not use a cell phone. Instead, the artist communicated only through email and a landline telephone after his cell phone had been hacked and its information leaked.
Jason Kamerud, chief deputy for the Carver County Sheriff's Office, told NPR this afternoon that "no one has been charged, and the investigation is ongoing."
SALT LAKE CITY — Sedrick Barefield led five Utah starters in double figures with 17 points and the Utes hit 14 3-pointers en route to a 95-71 victory over LSU on Monday night in the first round of the NIT.
Utah scored the first four points of the game and built a 21-point first-quarter lead after a 19-2 run — with eight points from Barefield. The Utes' lead reached 27 points in the second quarter before LSU closed the half on an 8-0 run to pull to 47-30. Utah shot 63 per cent from the field in the half, including 7 of 14 from 3-point range.
Justin Bibbins added 16 points, hitting four 3-pointers, for Utah (21-11). Gabe Bealer added three 3s and 13 points
Freshman Tremont Waters had 19 points, eight assists and four steals for LSU (18-15). Skylar Mays added 16 points and senior Aaron Epps scored 12.
6 easy to do and equipment free leg workouts for men at home
Leg workouts need not be restricted to the gym. Try these out at home and see the results.
Malavika Kanoria CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 20:29 IST 670 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Fitness Expert Deckline Leitao Demonstrating Exercises
All the fitness buffs know the feeling of flexing those calf muscles and looking at yourself in the mirror. And why just that, it is the thighs, quads, glutes, and hamstrings that boost your confidence. After all, who doesn't mind strong and toned legs?
It is a fact that getting rid of the fat on your legs can be a challenge but it does not make it impossible. Consistent and motivated workouts can help you in the long run.
It is a myth that you can achieve that only by using barbells and weights. We bust it by listing out a few extremely effective exercises that will help you achieve those strong legs that you've always wanted.
These exercises can be done at home and require no equipment as it uses your body weight to do the job.
There is one similarity between all the workout routines. Your body will get used to it with time and you might have to alter it a little. You can choose to increase the time and sets or incorporate newer exercises. Some more exercises that you can work on include, Bulgarian split squats, lateral walk, calf raises, walking lunges etc.
Legs are a difficult part of the body and toning them can take some time. Stay focused and work out. Once you start seeing the results, you will know what we are talking about. But always remember, overdoing the routine can harm you and a perfect balance must be maintained.
Remember, ‘the only bad workout is the one you didn't do'.
Having said that, let us now look at the exercises.
#1 Squat Jump
You will feel a burn initially but it is just those muscles working. Continue, do not stop and keep thinking of the end result that you want to achieve. Go as high as your body allows and do not overdo it. You can hurt yourself if your landing is rough.
Keep your feet apart and maintain the hip width. Squat down such that your thighs are parallel to the ground. Jump as high as possible, bending your knees to a 45-degree on landing. Stay in the squat position for 2 seconds and repeat. Do this exercise for 1 minute.
CHEYENNE, Oklahoma: On Saturday, February 18th, 2017 at 7:00 a.m., bird watchers of all ages are invited to count birds to create a real-time snapshot of where birds are and how many. Join Park Rangers Richard & Sydney at the Washita Battlefield National Historic Site Overlook on Hwy 47A with binoculars in hand.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
SEDENTARY older adults who start exercising may not reduce their risk of becoming frail, but they may experience less disability, a new study suggests. Researchers randomly assigned 1,635 adults ages 70 to 89 to participate either in a structured exercise programme or in health education workshops. The exercisers did up to 150 minutes a week of walking and activities to improve strength, balance and flexibility.
After two years, people who were not frail at the start of the study were no less likely to become frail with exercise than without it, the study found. But with exercise, they were less likely to lose their ability to rise from a chair, one component of frailty, Health news reported. “The benefits of physical activity in terms of preventing physical disability still persist in older adults who are already experiencing symptoms of frailty,” said senior study author Roger Fielding of Tufts University in Boston.
“Nearly all older adults can benefit from a regular structured programme of physical activity including those who are frail,” Fielding said by email. “In non-frail older adults, exercise may reduce the risk of developing specific components of the frailty syndrome like losing the ability to rise from a chair.”
At the start of the study, participants typically had some functional limitations, but they could walk 400 meters (0.25 miles) in 15 minutes or less without assistance. About 6 percent of the people in the exercise group and 5 percent in the health education group were already considered frail. People were considered frail if they could not rise from a chair 5 times without using the arms, had lost a significant amount of weight recently, and felt like they had no energy.
Two years later, about 19 percent of the people in the exercise group and 21 percent in the health education group were frail. The difference between the groups was so small that it might have been due to chance. The inability to rise from a chair was the only frailty criterion that was influenced by the exercise programme. The percentage of participants who could not accomplish this task was about 3 percent to 6 percent lower in the exercise group than in the health education group. One limitation of the study is that researchers did not have data to show which individual components of the exercise program might have influenced frailty or disability.
Still, the results suggest that most elderly people can benefit from exercise, said Dr. Rebecca Brown, author of an accompanying editorial and a geriatrics researcher at the University of California, San Francisco, and the San Francisco Veterans Affairs Medical Center.
Related
The premier told aides it was a deep-seated response “by people who felt that decisions were being made about their lives by other people who knew nothing about their lives,” Wynne said in an interview this week.
Like Rob Ford before him, Trump had tapped into a powerful protest movement that conventional politicians had tuned out. Still “shocked” by the political earthquake in America, Wynne's first impulse was to warn her top aides about aftershocks closer to home.
Up until the vote, she'd written him off. But as the results rolled in, Wynne realized how much she had underestimated Trump — not just his unexpected hold on power, but his unlikely path to power.
Destructive for government. And fatal for politicians in power who, like Wynne, face re-election.
She recalls her “deep realization that the anger that was being expressed during the campaign . . . could be very, very destructive.”
The more she heeds people's pocketbook concerns — ruling out road tolls, expanding rent controls, easing hydro bills — the more she plays politics like a conventional politician. Which means she may continue to disappoint some of her early supporters who imagined her as a leader who would do politics differently, but now see her in a different light.
Politicians must walk a fine line between listening and leading. Now, with an election looming, Wynne is trying to reposition her politics.
“We have to understand what the role of government is,” she said in her Queen's Park office. “I'm one who believes that government has a more important role to play right now than 30 years ago.”
But to get there, she first needs to persuade people she's on their side. The question is, which side?
Some Ontarians are convinced she just can't feel their pain — on hydro rates, for example. Others think she's too quick to appease — or pander — by buying off voters with their own money (or borrowed money to lower those electricity bills).
Wynne said she is seeking her own third way: Not only using the government's taxing power to help people, but using its regulatory power to empower people.
She rattled off a list of do-good government: free tuition for eligible college students; 100,000 new child-care spots; pharmacare for those up to age 25; a hydro discount of 25 per cent.
Beyond that, she pointed to new measures that aren't bankrolled by the provincial treasury but will leave more money in people's pockets (albeit at the expense of business): broader rent controls; a $15 minimum wage by 2019; fair pay for part-time workers.
But when asked about the perception that she is out of touch, the mere question left the premier looking — and sounding — wounded.
Despite aides urging her to give up constituency work after becoming premier in 2013 — Wynne gets extra staff to deal with routine duties — she heeded the advice of former PM Jean Chrétien to continue calling and meeting voters in her riding personally.
“I said to my staff, ‘Well, if Jean Chrétien can do it, then I can do it.' So it has always been critical to me that I stay in touch with people and that I listen to them. It pains me that there are people who don't know that.”
Beyond being out of touch, there's another view of Wynne that she wrestles with. According to internal Liberal research, many early supporters thought Ontario's first woman premier would be unlike any other — more consensual, less partisan, and consequently not as competitive as her male predecessors.
Hence her honeymoon, which propelled Wynne to an unexpected majority government in 2014. But the more that voters saw Wynne mixing it up with her opponents, the more they viewed her as just another politician.
Which, of course, she is — except that she is being held to a higher standard, or a double standard, Wynne counters. Beyond the haters (my mailbox overflows with people calling the premier “bitch”), even her own supporters are perhaps conflating gender with generosity and collegiality in unrealistic ways.
“Was there something that was expected of a female, a woman as the premier, that wasn't expected of men?” she asked. “It's an interesting question for young girls . . . . Was there something going on in their perception of a woman and how she would behave?”
Wynne nods her head as she is reminded of that research showing people expected her to be more consensual.
“And not as competitive.”
It is perhaps an unexpected — and unrealistic — expectation in the world of politics, where nice guys (and women) finish last. Winning requires competing, for which Wynne makes no apologies.
“Yeah, I've been running in races my whole life. I started competing in track when I was 12. I love crossing the finish line first,” she said, growing animated in her chair as she described the track meets she aced as a teenager. “It is a great feeling — the ribbon on your jersey is a great feeling.”
As it is winning elections. If there are any more for her to win in the era of post-Trump protest votes.
Marcelo,Casemiro led by Ronaldo touch down in Munich in the most dramatic way ever to face Bayern Munich
About the Author: Dan Soko
Dan Soko is a short story author and web content editor. He has work appearing or forthcoming in over a dozen venues, including GhanaScoop, Nigeria Daily News and CapitalBay. When he's not frightening strangers with his post and writing, he's most likely frightening his wife Mimi and their two mischievous cats: Buttons and Snaps. You can visit him at www.ghananation.com/author/webby.
WWE News: Roman Reigns fires back at detractors
Roman Reigns fires back at 'dumb ass marks'. The Big Dog issued a stern response to his detractors in the Internet Wrestling Community.
@johny_payne by Johny Payne News 15 Jun 2017, 00:21 IST
Roman Reigns has never been one to shy away from confrontation.
What's the story?
Reigns took to Twitter to fire back at a few of his detractors online after they stated that he had been handed everything to him by the WWE, rather than having to earn it like other WWE Superstars.
And your sorry ass was positioned at the top thanks to family.
You were handed your position. You never earned it.
BELEEDAT — Jean Loss Fap (@servinfools) June 13, 2017
Yea I guess working my butt off 5 days a week while being away from my wife and kids for the last 7 years is being "handed" it. #DumbAssMark https://t.co/1SlLhPdEjf — Roman Reigns (@WWERomanReigns) June 13, 2017
How about the other guys that work their butt off and get away from their wife and kids for years too and still jobbing? — Androctonus (@FX7scorpion) June 13, 2017
Oh yea, I forgot they are "jobbing" for free! Clueless #DumbAssMark. BTW all our schedules and responsibilities aren't the same. #B2R https://t.co/tbx5BW7Yvl — Roman Reigns (@WWERomanReigns) June 13, 2017
In case you didn't know...
Roman Reigns, whose real name is Leati Joseph Anoa'i, is a former professional Football player best known for his stint with the Edmonton Eskimos in the CFL (Canadian Football League).
The 32-year-old then made the transition to the WWE, performing in the promotion's developmental territories from 2010 and making his main-roster debut as part of The Shield in 2012.
The heart of the matter
Roman Reigns went on to gain global notoriety during his time alongside Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins in The Shield. He then earned the honour of winning the WWE World Heavyweight Championship as well.
It's intriguing to note that Reigns is related to several other top former and current professional wrestlers including Rosey, Yokozuna, Rikishi, Umaga and The Usos.
Several critics of The Big Dog claim time-and-again that the WWE has shown favoritism toward Reigns because he comes from a highly respectable family of professional wrestlers. After being accused by fans who regularly attribute his success to nepotism in the industry, Reigns finally seems to be firing back at his critics, albeit on social media.
Also read: 5 possible announcements Roman Reigns can make on Raw next week
What's next?
Roman Reigns presently performs on WWE's Raw brand and is set to make a major announcement regarding his career, his plans for SummerSlam in particular, on next week's episode of Monday Night Raw.
Author's take
Roman Reigns is good, period. I'd like to request the professional wrestling community to look at the work this man has put in the ring day-in-and-day-out ever since he ascended to the top of the WWE food chain.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
ISLAMABAD, August 13 (APP): The ambassador of Ukraine in Islamabad,
Volodymyr Lakomov, felicitating the government and people of Pakistan on its Independence Day, highlighted the need to create more favorable conditions for building up mutually beneficial business cooperation between two countries.
“Congratulations to friendly and brotherly Pakistani people on the
occasion of 70th anniversary of independence day. And wish all our Pakistani people, prosperity, good health and peace in the country, peace in their families and peace within.”
In an exclusive interview with APP on the eve of Pakistan Independence
day, he said, “We hope that Pakistani Ukrainian friendship will grow by getting more comprehensive relations, covering all other areas, not only business, culture but people to people cooperation.”
“We see (Our relations with) Pakistan even during my stay as Ambassador
for five years or less, getting stronger, more beautiful and more distinctive. What they are trying to achieve in politics, in their lives, in economics and whatever, we wish success to our brotherly Pakistani people to fulfill all their plans and goals.”
Replying to a query, he said primarily, the two sides needed to
take the relations to next level was to intensify the political contacts, formation of a proper legal base for cooperation in the spheres of trade, investments, finance, transport, launching productive inter-regional, across-industry cooperation.
The relations between Ukraine and Pakistan were likely to get more dynamics with signing of various new agreements, conventions and setting up of commissions, he said, adding these efforts would not only bring both the countries closer but would also assist in making them close partners to achieve economic prosperity and stability.
Very soon, ‘despite the obstruction of Moscow, the Free Trade Agreement with the EU will enter into force and will be fully implemented, that can bring new benefits for Ukraine-Pakistan trade.
He said it would open up new avenues for the investors of the two countries and offer to Pakistani products outreach to European market through Ukraine.
The volume of trade between Ukraine and Pakistan in the year 2014 reached its historical maximum of 498 million US dollars (52.4% increase compared to the year 2013). Export of Ukrainian goods to Pakistan amounted to 397.5 million U.S. dollars, imports of goods 100.8 million U.S. dollars, with positive trade balance for Ukraine 297 million U.S. dollars.
Through a survey, he said, we asked the students of important universities in Ukraine to identify Pakistani products in their nearest super stores and found that Pakistani basmati rice, Kinno, Mango and textile products were available in every super store. This reflected that our people were familiar with Pakistan and its products, he added.
Ukrainian businessmen are also working on opening up super stores in major cities of Pakistan to introduce Pakistani consumers with Ukrainian products.
Responding to a query, he said that Ukrainian machinery and engines were of high quality and cheaper than other competitors.
Ukraine specially appreciates an outstanding cooperation with the Islamic Republic of Pakistan in the military and technical field, which will proceed and will actively develop in future.
“IDEAS – 2014” International Defence Exhibition and Seminar in December of 2014 was marked by a distinguished high-level meeting of the Head of the State Concern “Ukroboronprom”, Roman Romanov with the then Prime Minister of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, Muhammad Nawaz Sharif in Karachi.
The stall of the Ukrainian defense industry at “IDEAS –2014” was declared one of the best and was awarded, he said.
He said the Ukrainians, assisted to develop the key industries and national economy of Pakistan in 1960-70's.The Karachi Steel Mills, which remains largest in Pakistan, a number of powerful hydro stations in Tarbela and others were built in this period, as well as the large pack of Ukraine agricultural machinery and trucks was delivered to Pakistan.
After getting Independence on the 24th of August 1991, the Islamic Republic of Pakistan officially recognized Ukrainian State on the 31st of December, 1991, and both the Sides established Diplomatic Relations on March 16, 1992.
For two decades there has been political dialogue between Ukraine and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan that has become regular, he said.
Urgewald tracks coal plants around the world and reports there are 1,600 new plants in development in 62 nations, more than a dozen of which don't have any coal-fired plants now.
The report lists six Canadian financial companies among the top 100 investors in new coal plants in the world. Together, Sun Life, Power Corporation, Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, Royal Bank of Canada, Manulife Financial and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board have pledged $2.9 billion towards building new coal plants overseas.
Friends of the Earth Canada joined with Germany's Urgewald to release a report looking at the top 100 private investors putting money down to expand coal-fired electricity — sometimes in places where there isn't any coal-generated power at the moment.
OTTAWA—Canada's national pension fund manager is among a group of Canadian companies that are undermining the federal government's international anti-coal alliance by investing in new coal power plants overseas, an environmental organization says.
While Environment Minister Catherine McKenna is claiming to be a global leader on phasing out the dirtiest of electricity sources, private investors are “undermining that commitment,” says Friends of the Earth senior policy adviser John Bennett.
Canada and the United Kingdom last month teamed up to launch the Powering Past Coal Alliance, trying to bring the rest of the world on side with a campaign pledge to phase out coal as a power source entirely by 2030 for the developed world and 2050 for everyone else.
Twenty national governments and at least seven subnational governments — five of them from Canada — signed onto the alliance last month. The hope is to grow the number to 50 by the time the United Nations 24th climate change conference takes place in November 2018.
McKenna will meet with leaders and officials from the alliance this week in Paris, where French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting a climate change meeting to mark the two year anniversary of the Paris climate change accord. This meeting is largely focused on international climate finance as the world tries to meet the goal to have $100 billion a year to invest in climate change mitigation and adaptation projects in the developing world by 2020.
The accord commits the world to keeping the average global temperature from rising more than 2 C over pre-industrial levels by the end of the century. To do that, scientists suggest global carbon emissions have to start dropping in less than three years, and the only way that is going to happen is by shutting down coal plants.
Coal is responsible for almost half of global carbon dioxide emissions.
McKenna's office did not respond to a request for comment.
Last week, McKenna was in China where she said she was talking about phasing out coal. While China is trying to cut its own coal use, it uses more coal to make power than the rest of the world combined. Hence, McKenna said it's currently impossible to expect China to commit to eliminating it.
McKenna said she wasn't planning to raise the issue of China investing in new plants outside its borders. Urgewald's data show Chinese-owned companies are behind about 140 new coal plants in development outside China.
Turns out Canadian money is also financing international coal plants, through private investors.
Dale Marshall, national program manager for Environmental Defence, said the Paris meeting this week has a lot of work to do trying to figure out how national governments can increase their commitments but also leverage more from the private sector.
Erin Flanagan, director of federal policy for the Pembina Institute, said Canada can do more to discourage Canadians from investing in coal and encourage investments in clean energy. That could include a national requirement for investment companies to include climate change risks when publishing decisions about investment opportunities.
•follow @mrabson on Twitter.
OTTAWA — The Supreme Court of Canada says records detailing the abuse of former residential school students can eventually be destroyed.
The 7-0 high court ruling Friday brings clarity to an issue that pitted the privacy of victims against the importance of documenting a dark chapter in Canada's relations with Indigenous Peoples.
For over a century, tens of thousands of Indigenous children were required to attend residential schools, primarily run by religious institutions and funded by the federal government. Students were not allowed to use their languages or cultural practices.
Students provided accounts of physical, sexual and emotional abuse as part of an independent assessment process to provide compensation — a program that flowed from a major 2006 settlement agreement aimed at ensuring a lasting resolution of the residential schools legacy.
The Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that said the sensitive material collected for the independent assessments should be destroyed after 15 years.
In its reasons for the decision, the Supreme Court said the negotiators of the settlement agreement intended the assessment process to be a confidential and private one, and that claimants and alleged perpetrators relied on these confidentiality assurances.
Under the process, claimants disclosed intimate personal information, including a first-person narrative outlining his or her request for compensation. Applications were then forwarded to the federal government and the church organization that operated the residential school.
If the claim was not settled at this stage, it proceeded to a hearing before an adjudicator, supervised by the chief adjudicator of the Indian Residential Schools Secretariat. The settlement agreement operations branch of the federal Indigenous Affairs Department represented the government as a defendant to the claims.
Participants were advised that the hearings would be held in private, and that each person who attended must sign a confidentiality agreement.
The secretariat and the operations branch both possess digital and physical copies of various records pertaining to more than 37,000 claims made under the assessment process.
Although India, Pakistan and Bangladesh are now much wealthier, their masses still live in poverty, working in precarious jobs, in the midst of rampant inequality. Photo: Bloomberg
Seventy years after the British left undivided India, what is the state of its people? The eight charts presented here compare the trajectories of three countries in the region—India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. Additionally, data for China has been included to give us a sense of what might have been had we taken a different path.
The picture that emerges from these charts is that although India, Pakistan and Bangladesh are all now officially classified as countries of ‘medium human development' by the United Nations and their economies are now much wealthier, their masses still live in poverty, working in precarious jobs with little security, in the midst of glaring economic and social inequalities and injustices. There is nothing new about all this, of course, except that recounting these facts may serve as a corrective to the absurd chest-thumping that has become popular these days.
Here are the charts:
India tops in per capita income
This chart, taken from the Angus Maddison database, tells us how much per capita income has improved since independence. India has fared the best, compared with Pakistan and Bangladesh. But China, whose per capita income was lower than that of what was dirt-poor East Pakistan in 1947, is now far ahead.
The average Bangladeshi lives longer than the average Indian
India's superior economic performance, however, hasn't led to higher average life expectancy. Chart 2 shows Bangladesh has a higher average life expectancy than India, in spite of being much poorer.
Inequality in India is the highest in the subcontinent
A higher inequality might show why India doesn't do so well on average life expectancy and several other social indicators. As the chart shows, the Gini coefficient of disposable income, a measure of inequality, is much higher for India than for Pakistan or Bangladesh. Income inequality in China is even higher, but then the pie is much larger.
Bangladeshi women have higher average incomes than their Indian counterparts
This chart shows working women in Bangladesh do better than their Indian sisters. This could be due to Bangladesh's position in the garments industry, which employs mainly women.
Poverty headcount higher in India
According to this yardstick of measuring poverty from World Bank indicators, the poverty headcount in India is higher than in both Bangladesh and Pakistan. The rich, of course, will be much richer in India, thus pulling up average per capita income.
Pakistan's terrible record in child malnutrition
This chart shows India has a worse record than Bangladesh in child malnutrition. Pakistan's record is terrible. Incidentally, child malnutrition in China was at 32.3% as far back as in 1990, lower than the present-day rate in the subcontinent.
Bangladesh takes better care of children
Taken together with the preceding chart, the data show Bangladesh has done a much better job of taking care of its children.
India's lousy jobs
This chart shows that the proportion of people in what the UN calls ‘vulnerable employment' is much higher in India than in Pakistan or Bangladesh. Vulnerable employment is defined as the “percentage of employed people engaged as unpaid family workers and own account workers” . This is to a large extent precarious employment in the informal sector with little or no job security or benefits.
Manas Chakravarty looks at trends and issues in the financial markets. Respond to this column at manas.c@livemint.com.
Facebook has changed the news feed to emphasize personal connections. You might see less news.
We're always happy when users respond to our stories and photos they see on Facebook. It's a good way for us to connect with you — so let's protect it.
Facebook has changed your news feed, giving preference to posts from friends and family. This means you could see fewer stories from news sources like us.
If you are like most people who regularly get some of their news from social media, you probably want to keep seeing reliable information from us and other trustworthy journalism sites on Facebook. There is a simple way to make this happen.
From your desktop computer:
1. Open a desktop web browser and go to the our Facebook page. (Click the Facebook icon at the top of this page.)
2. At the top, next to the “Like” button, find the word “Follow” or “Following.” (If it says “Follow,” click that once. It will change to “Following”.)
3. Click the word “Following” and choose “See First.”
From the Facebook mobile app:
1. Open the app and tap the menu icon with the three horizontal lines. (On some devices, it's at upper right. On others, it's at lower right.)
2. Scroll to Settings and tap “News Feed Preferences.”
3. On the screen that pops up, tap “Prioritize who to see first.”
4. The pages you like and people you're friends with will appear. Find us in the list and tap the logo. When you're finished, tap “Done” in the upper right corner.
Thank you! You've helped ensure your Facebook connection to the best social media source for local news in B.C.
Instagram Stories brought life to our feeds, introducing a new way to share special moments in your day; but thus far, if we've wanted to share numerous clips in our Stories, we've had to post them one at a time. No more! In a new update, the app is making things easier on us by making it possible to do sort of a bulk upload. If you're wondering how to upload multiple photos to Instagram Stories at once, I have good news for you: it's super easy, and you probably already know how to do it.
It's quite similar to how you upload multiple photos and videos into a regular post. To start, you'll go to upload media and will see a new icon in the top right corner. When you tap it, it will allow you to choose up to 10 photos or videos from your gallery — similar to how you would select multiple pics or vids for a regular IG post. You will still have the opportunity to edit each one individually by adding stickers, text, or using one of the other available tools to jazz things up a bit. Whatever order your selected your media is the order in which it will ultimately upload. And just like that, your Story is complete.
Courtesy of Instagram
Courtesy of Instagram
Courtesy of Instagram
It's a huge time-saver and makes the entire process smoother. Previously having to add one clip at a time could sometimes get kind of painful, and it also made it harder to know what your entire Story would look like once complete. Instagrammers wanting to share a longer Story will now be able to do so more quickly and cohesively.
This new update is already available on Android and will be coming to iOS over the coming weeks.
That's not the only change Instagram is making, either — there's an update coming to location stickers, too. When you're uploading something to your Story from someplace you visited in the past and want to add a location sticker, IG will suggest places that are close to where you took that photo or video. If you can't remember how to spell it or perhaps forgot it entirely, have no fear — IG can help.
The world of social media is ever-changing, with each platform on a mission to be the fastest, easiest, most immediately gratifying. Stories launched back in August of 2016 as an entirely new way for all of us to stay connected, and Instagram continues to shape it into something better and better.
At the time of the launch, Mark Zuckerberg shared in a Facebook post one of the biggest motivators behind Stories: making videos the go-to for social media. "This is the latest step in putting video at the center of all our services," he wrote. "People are already creating and sharing more video, so we're going to make it even easier."
Since its inception, Stories has seen multiple updates and iterations. The latest update was Instagram Focus — a new camera within the app that focuses on the subject featured in the lens and softly blurs everything in the background, making us all look like the professional photographers we aren't. Fun and funny filters give us hours of entertainment and help us take the perfect selfie (and seriously, did you ever think you could look so cute with bunny ears?). Use Type Mode to share whatever thoughts are on your mind. Try Instagram Live to bring your followers along for the journey in the moment as you cook a delicious meal, party with friends, or maybe just have a moment of reflection while waiting in line at the Starbucks drive-thru.
Instagram is a fast-moving app — perhaps the fastest. IGers scroll past posts in fractions of a second. It only makes sense that its functionality reflects this. Enjoy the update, folks, and Instagram responsibly.
Sheriff: Homeowner Holds Burglar at Gunpoint
KERSHAW, SC (WOLO)–Kershaw County Deputies say an armed homeowner held down a burglary suspect at gunpoint after the stranger attacked his 11 year old.
Deputies say Nathaniel Roberts faces several charges including assault and battery. It happened at 1:30am on Whiting Way when the home security alarm and the child's screaming woke up the family, say officials.
As the parents approached their son, Roberts allegedly assaulted the boy.
We're told by deputies a 16 year old friend began fighting Roberts while the homeowner got his gun.
When deputies got there, they say the homeowner was holding Roberts at gunpoint.
Victor Manuel Solis Herrera Jr.
March 3, 1978 to August 5, 2017
In beloved memory of our brother Victor Manuel Solis Herrera Jr. age 39, was born on March 3, 1978 in El Centro, CA. He passed away on August 5, 2017. He is now at peace with the Lord.
Victor is survived by his mother, Sylvia Solis Jones of El Centro, his sisters Valerie Jones Hale of El Centro, Amanda Jones Hale of El Centro, his brother Andrew Jones of El Centro, and his daughter, Angelina Celeste Soto of Brawley.
Visitation for Victor will be Sunday, August 20, at Frye Chapel and Mortuary in Brawley from 6:00m to 9:00. Church services will be Monday, August 21, 9:00 am at Christ Community Church in El Centro followed by burial at Evergreen Cemetery in El Centro.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 3:07 am |
Israel MK David Amsalem (Likud). (Miriam Alster/Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - The latest round of alleged criminal accusations against Binyamin Netanyahu are just another “sore loser” attempt by the left to do via the media and the courts what it is unable to do at the ballot box – remove the Prime Minister from office, according to Likud MKs, including Likud whip MK David Amsalem. Preventing such a “runaround” of the will of the people is why he is proposing a law that would prevent sitting Prime Ministers from being questioned on criminal activity without actual proof of wrongdoing.
Netanyahu is set to be questioned Monday by police on what the media has termed a “serious criminal case.” According to the allegations, Netanyahu accepted gifts from wealthy associates. The law does not necessarily ban a prime minister from receiving such gifts, but if a gift was accepted and a subsequent decision or law that positively affected the individual or institution was instituted, bribery charges could be brought. Police in recent days have questioned American millionaire Ron Lauder, who according to Haaretz testified that he gave gifts to Netanyahu and family members. There has been no independent corroboration of that claim, however.
In a statement Sunday, Netanyahu's office said he had no problem answering police questions, because he has nothing to hide. “There is nothing for them to find because there is nothing there,” his office said. “I would suggest that the opposition call off their tailors who were invited to measure them for their leadership suits, because they are not going to need them.”
Speaking on Army Radio Monday, Amsalem said that the situation was getting out of hand. “In recent years there were several instances of prime ministers who were completely consumed by the investigations against them, even regarding things that happened long before they took office.” In such situations, Amsalem said, the leadership capabilities of the prime minister is affected, since it is natural that their first priority will be to keep themselves out of prison and thereby not serving the country. “To avoid this, we suggest not opening up criminal investigations against sitting prime ministers. There is plenty of time afterwards to prosecute.
“A prime minister cannot work in this way,” Amsalem said. “To get rid of a prime minister you must use the ballot box, not police investigations. Netanyahu is subject to investigation of every little thing, including ‘issues' based on gossip. This has been going on for 20 years now.”
Amsalem said he would present the law to the Ministerial Law Committee in the coming weeks. With that, he admitted that applying the law to Netanyahu would be difficult, because of High Court objections to instituting laws retroactively.
CLEVELAND -- Free-agent outfielder Melky Cabrera has agreed to a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians.
The deal is contingent on the 33-year-old's passing a physical. Cabrera spent last season with the Chicago White Sox and Kansas City Royals, batting .285 with 17 homers and 85 RBIs in 156 games.
Cabrera's agreement was first reported by MLB Network.
A 13-year veteran, Cabrera will add depth to Cleveland's outfield and give the club another veteran with playoff experience. Once he is cleared medically and signed, Cabrera is expected to spend some time with Triple-A Columbus before the Indians consider adding him to their roster.
Cabrera has a .286 career average, with 131 homers and 768 RBIs. He was an All-Star in 2012 with San Francisco.
Cabrera also has played for the Yankees, Braves and Blue Jays.
Here comes the science…
Researchers have finally confirmed that the planet Uranus smells like farts.
Astronomers have always wondered what the atmosphere around the planet Uranus is made of. And a team of researchers just figured out it contains hydrogen sulfide . . . the same thing that gives rotten eggs that gassy smell.
It's important, because it could help them figure out how other planets in the solar system formed. But obviously the only thing WE really care about is that if anyone ever gets too close to Uranus . . . they might want to hold their breath.
ESPN basketball Insider Jeff Goodman points to a pair of losses by Tobacco Road powerhouses as the biggest reason for the shake-up in his weekly ranking of college basketball's best teams. (1:38)
It was mayhem this past week as 11 of the top 25 teams suffered a setback -- and seven of them went down to teams that weren't in the power rankings. Oregon cracked the top 25 with a healthy Dillon Brooks; the Ducks beat UCLA and crushed USC.
A pair of ACC teams -- Florida State and Virginia Tech -- were the big movers. The Seminoles used a tremendous long-distance display from Dwayne Bacon to beat Virginia in Charlottesville, while the Hokies cruised past Duke (without Grayson Allen) in Blacksburg.
North Carolina took a hit with its shocking loss to Georgia Tech. Indiana fell after a pair of setbacks (including one at home against Nebraska). South Carolina was the lone team to fall out after a loss at Memphis.
Week 1 | Week 2 | Week 3 | Week 4 | Week 5 | Week 6
Weren't paying all that much attention to Florida State? That should change after the Seminoles knocked off Virginia. Chet Strange/Getty Images
1. Villanova Wildcats
Record: 14-0
Last week's ranking: 1
Jay Wright's team got wins over DePaul and at Creighton to close out 2016 with 38 wins in the calendar year, which is the most since Kansas won 39 in 1997.
2. Baylor Bears
Record: 13-0
Last week's ranking: 3
The Bears handed Oklahoma its worst loss in Norman in the Lon Kruger era with a 26-point shellacking. Johnathan Motley went for 19 points and 13 boards in the rout.
3. UCLA Bruins
Record: 14-1
Last week's ranking: 2
The good news was that the Bruins got big man Thomas Welsh back and he scored 20 at Oregon. The bad is that Steve Alford's team lost to the Ducks on a last-second shot from Dillon Brooks.
4. Kansas Jayhawks
Record: 12-1
Last week's ranking: 4
Landen Lucas had 15 points and a career-high 17 boards, but the Jayhawks struggled at TCU. It was largely due to the defense. Without Udoka Azubuike, there isn't much in terms of interior defense.
5. Gonzaga Bulldogs
Record: 14-0
Last week's ranking: 7
The Zags remain undefeated following wins at Pepperdine and Pacific. Gonzaga trailed by 8 early in the second half against Pacific before going on a 25-4 run.
6. Louisville Cardinals
Record: 12-2
Last week's ranking: 6
After a home loss to Virginia in which he scored just seven points and didn't defend as well as Rick Pitino wanted, Donovan Mitchell was benched to start the game against Indiana. He responded with a career-high 25 points in the win over the Hoosiers.
7. Kentucky Wildcats
Record: 11-2
Last week's ranking: 8
Isaiah Briscoe recorded the program's second triple-double (19 points, 11 assists, 10 rebounds) this season -- and just third in program history -- in an easy win at Ole Miss.
8. Duke Blue Devils
Record 12-2
Last week's ranking: 5
In the first game without Allen, the Blue Devils lost in Blacksburg to Virginia Tech. Luke Kennard did his part with 34 points, but Duke's defense allowed Virginia Tech to shoot 55 percent from the field and 62 percent from 3.
9. Florida State Seminoles
Record: 14-1
Last week's ranking: 19
Dwayne Bacon shot 28 percent from 3 a season ago and improving his perimeter shot was one of the reasons he didn't try and leave for the NBA after his freshman season. Bacon went for 29 points in a win over Virginia, was 6 of 9 from deep and hit the game-winner with two seconds left -- a 3-pointer.
10. Creighton Bluejays
Record: 13-1
Last week's ranking: 10
Creighton lost at home to Villanova in the first Big East matchup of unbeatens since 1989. Creighton only made 6 of 24 shots from beyond the arc.
11. Oregon Ducks
Record: 13-2b
Last week's ranking: NR
The loss against Baylor doesn't look so bad now, and the setback against Georgetown came in Dillon Brooks' first game back. Oregon beat previously undefeated UCLA and pounded USC this past week.
12. West Virginia Mountaineers
Record: 12-1
Last week's ranking: 16
Bob Huggins' team blasted Oklahoma State in Stillwater, exacting a little revenge over his former assistant Brad Underwood, who beat him last year in the NCAA tournament when he was with Stephen F. Austin.
13. Virginia Tech Hokies
Record: 12-1
Last week's ranking: 23
The Hokies snapped a nine-game losing streak in the series with a win over an Allen-less Duke team -- and it wasn't even close. Virginia Tech scored 89 points. That's the most the Blue Devils have allowed this season.
14. Virginia Cavaliers
Record: 11-2
Last week's ranking: 18
Tony Bennett and the Cavs got a huge road win against Louisville, but then watched as Bacon went bananas and lost to Florida State in Charlottesville. The Seminoles were just the second team all season to out-rebound Virginia.
15. North Carolina Tar Heels
Record 12-3
Last week's ranking: 9
Justin Jackson couldn't miss from deep in the rout over Monmouth, going 6 of 9 from 3. But he was 0-for-5 in a shocking loss in Atlanta to a Georgia Tech team that is slated to finish at or near the bottom of the ACC.
16. Wisconsin Badgers
Record: 12-2
Last week's ranking: 11
Nigel Hayes attempted 31 3-pointers in the first six games; he has taken just six over the past eight.
17. Xavier Musketeers
Record: 12-2
Last week's ranking: 14
Edmond Sumner's best effort of the season -- a 28-point, 8-rebound, 6-assist performance in a win at Georgetown -- was needed while Trevon Bluiett scoring just one point.
18. Florida Gators
Record: 10-3
Last week's ranking: 20
North Little Rock native KeVaughn Allen was booed in his return to Arkansas; he responded with 21 points in the 81-72 win.
19. Butler Bulldogs
Record: 12-2
Last week's ranking: 13
Butler bounced back from a loss at St. John's with an easy win against Providence. Next is a date at Hinkle with No. 1 Villanova on Wednesday.
20. Notre Dame Fighting Irish
Irish Record: 12-2
Last week's ranking: 17
Steve Vasturia's game-winning 3 with 2.5 seconds left gave the Irish a road win at Pittsburgh. It also gave Notre Dame its sixth consecutive overtime victory.
21. Arizona Wildcats
Record: 13-2
Last week's ranking: 24
Sean Miller got point guard Parker Jackson-Cartwright back, and the Wildcats swept Cal and Stanford on the road.
22. Saint Mary's Gaels
Record: 12-1
Last week's ranking: 22
Randy Bennett returned just about everyone from last year's team, but it was a pair of freshmen who were key in a win against San Diego: Aussie Tanner Krebs and California native Jordan Ford combined for 24 points in 23 minutes.
23. Purdue Boilermakers
Record: 12-3
Last week's ranking: 12
Caleb Swanigan had another 20-20 game, his third in the last four, but the Boilermakers lost at home to Minnesota.
24. Indiana Hoosiers
Record: 10-4
Last week's ranking: 15
The wins over Kansas and UNC seem like an eternity ago after IU lost at home to Nebraska and was blown out by Louisville in Indianapolis this past week.
25. USC Trojans
Record: 14-1
Last week's ranking: 21
The trio of Chimezie Metu, Shaqquan Aaron and Jordan McLaughlin were just 3-of-25 from the field in a blowout loss at Oregon, the Trojans' first setback of the season.
Dropped out: South Carolina
It was supposedly intended to support Tennessee Senate candidate Marsha Blackburn. As always, it was about Donald Trump.
The president briefly mentioned Blackburn four times. The rest of the speech, he lied, told elaborate stories that very much appeared to be fabrications, lobbed insults at Democrats, talked about the street gang MS-13, boasted of his own successes, and made a few vague promises.
8:19: Trump boasts of creating 3.3 million jobs in the 18 months since election day, then claims that, if he had promised he was going to do this, the media would have “not have accepted it” and would have subjected him to a brutal “onslaught.” In fact, his jobs record is unexceptional: more jobs, 3.9 million, were created under Barack Obama under the previous 18 months.
8:19: Trump says: “There has never been an administration — and even some of our enemies are begrudgingly admitting this — that has done what we've done in the first year and a half.” None of Trump's enemies are saying this.
8:16: Trump calls up Blackburn. Her pitch: “Tennessee needs a senator who is going to support President Donald Trump .”
8:14: Trump talks about how people said he could never earn the 270 electoral votes he needed to win the presidency, but then he did.
8:22: “Most importantly, our country is respected again all over the world. We're not making apologies. We're not making excuses. We're respected again as a country,” Trump says. A big “U-S-A” chant breaks out. “Respected” can mean various things, but Pew polling shows that public opinion of the U.S. has plummeted around the world since Trump's election, with the exception of Russia, Israel and a smattering of other countries.
8:20: Trump falsely claims wages are rising “for the first time in many, many years.” Wages have been rising since 2014. The current pace of growth, 2.6 per cent, is lower than the 2.7 per cent pace in Obama's final full month in office.
8:24: Trump says he has “never heard of” Blackburn's Democratic opponent Phil Bredesen, who served as both two-term mayor of Nashville, where he is speaking, and two-term governor of the state. “I never heard of this guy. Who is he? Who is he?”
8:24: Trump calls House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi “the MS-13 lover.” He adds: “She loves MS-13, can you imagine.” There is no basis for this claim. Pelosi merely objected to Trump's use of the word “animals” at an immigration event (it was not entirely clear whether he was talking specifically about MS-13, as he says he was, or more broadly about unauthorized immigrants); Pelosi, who alleged that Trump made the remark about unauthorized immigrants broadly, said that every human has a “spark of divinity” within them.
8:25: Trump says of MS-13: “We're taking them out of our country by the thousands. Out, out, by the thousands.” This is an exaggeration. Immigration and Customs Enforcement says 405 MS-13 members were arrested in the first quarter of fiscal 2018; there is no word on how many were unauthorized immigrants or deported.
8:26: Trump says “Crooked Hillary.” There is a loud “lock her up” chant.
8:27: Trump brings up the FBI's use of an informant to try to find out if members of his campaign had nefarious dealings with Russia: “So how do you like the fact they had people infiltrating our campaign? Can you imagine, can you imagine, can you imagine people infiltrating our campaign? Is there anybody in this big beautiful arena right now that's infiltrating our campaign? Would you please raise your hand? That would take courage.”
8:27: Trump refers to “Crazy Bernie Sanders.” He says Sanders “got screwed” in the 2016 election, suggesting, with no evidence, that there was foul play involved.
8:27: Trump says he got much bigger 2016 crowds than Hillary Clinton, who, he says, had to resort to getting rapper Jay-Z to perform to fill her arenas.
8:28: Trump embarks on a rant about Jay-Z's “filthy” language. “He'd use the F-word,” the president complains.
8:31: Trump repeats an elaborate fictional story. He says San Diego begged him to build a border wall (which has not happened; even San Diego's Republican mayor is opposed to the wall)…and he started wall construction in San Diego (he hasn't)…but then he had “second thoughts” and decided not to build the wall there so he'd have a city putting pressure on “crazy” California Gov. Jerry Brown (San Diego's government has not pressured Brown)…but then a military general told him it'd cost $7 million to halt construction of the wall in San Diego (construction, again, hasn't begun), so he decided, “All right, keep building it.”
8:34: Trump says of NAFTA: “We have such a bad deal with Mexico. We have such a bad deal with Canada.”
8:34: “We lose with Mexico over $100 billion a year with his crazy NAFTA deal. Think of it: it's impossible.” The trade deficit with Mexico was $69 billion last year. It has never been $100 billion.
8:35: Trump complains of “catch and release” laws that don't allow his administration to indefinitely detain people arrested crossing the border: “Then they're supposed to show up to a court. There's only one problem: they never show up.” That “never” is false. A 2017 report released by the Center for Immigration Studies, a think tank that advocates a hard line on illegal immigration, concluded that 63 per cent of people who were free pending trial showed up for their hearings over the past two decades.
8:36: Trump repeats his 2016 campaign promise that Mexico will pay for a border wall: “They're going to pay for the wall and they're going to enjoy it.” Less than an hour later, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto writes on Twitter: “President @realDonaldTrump: NO. Mexico will NEVER pay for a wall. Not now, not ever. Sincerely, Mexico (all of us).”
8:37: Trump graphically retells the story of a 2017 terror attack in Manhattan in which a man used a truck to run over cyclists. “Missing a leg! Missing an arm!” One woman lost two legs in the attack. Nobody lost an arm.
8:38: “Look at what's happening to Europe,” Trump says without elaboration, apparently talking about Islamic terrorism.
8:38: Trump lies that the alleged perpetrator of the Manhattan attack, Sayfullo Saipov, brought in “22 people” to the United States through “chain migration.” Even anti-immigration activists have said this number is wildly implausible, and Trump's own aides have declined to endorse the president's claim.
8:38: Trump makes fun of Democratic Senate leader Chuck Schumer for becoming teary in a January 2017 speech denouncing Trump's ban on refugees and on immigrants and visitors from some Muslim-majority countries. “Remember he was crying. He was so sad. He got up. He was crying. He was working those tears. He was trying so hard. Was trying so hard that actually they weren't tears. It was sweat. He was working.”
8:39: For the 15th time, Trump lies about the U.S. diversity visa lottery program, falsely claiming that foreign countries send their worst citizens into the lottery to dump them on the U.S. “Let me ask you: so these countries that are sending people in, do you think they're sending us their finest? …They come in and then we wonder why we have problems. We're not going to be a stupid country anymore.”
8:40: Trump complains of crime in Chicago, then bashes Democratic Mayor Rahm Emanuel. “What the hell is that mayor doing? What is he doing?”
8:41: “We have borders down 40 per cent,” Trump falsely claims. (By “borders,” he means illegal immigration.) Judging by the metric he has always used to make this claim, illegal immigration is spiking. After a steep decline, of more than 40 per cent, in 2017, apprehensions on the southwest border have jumped 77 per cent in the first four months of 2018.
8:41: “We are going to protect your Second Amendment,” Trump says of the constitutional provision protecting gun rights. Then he adds, falsely: “You won't have a Second Amendment if the Democrats take over. You won't have a Second Amendment.”
8:42: Trump claims the MS-13 gang has turned Long Island communities into “bloodstained killing fields” by savagely murdering, raping and mutilating people. “They want to do it with knives. They want to cut people up into little pieces because it's more painful.”
8:42: “They're not human beings,” Trump says. He asks the crowd to remind him what word he uses instead. “Animals,” the crowd shouts as one.
8:43: Trump tells a story about how, when ICE arrests MS-13 members on Long Island, “it's like they've been liberated, like from a war.” He explains: “It's like the enemy has been taken out and the people are dancing and they're waving and they're looking out their windows and they're waving to the ICE people.”
8:46: Trump boasts of his rapid pace of judicial appointments.
8:46: “We put our hands on our hearts for the Pledge of Allegiance, put our hands on our hearts, and we always proudly stand for our national anthem,” Trump says. Then, scoffing at NFL players who have protested racism and police brutality by kneeling during the national anthem, he adds: “Thank you. What's that all about?”
8:47: Trump tells his usual fictional story about how presidents after Reagan have not been able to pass tax cuts because they have foolishly branded it as “tax reform.” He again ignores George W. Bush's major cuts, plus various cuts under Democratic presidents.
8:50: Trump criticizes Sen. John McCain, who is home dealing with brain cancer, for his crucial vote against Obamacare repeal. “A very terrible thing,” Trump says.
8:52: Trump retells the story about how he was not interested in opening up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling — “who cares?” — until a friend in the oil business told him that previous Republican presidents, such as George W. Bush, were unable to accomplish this.
8:52: Trump refers to Bush, then pauses to let people boo the name. Not many do. He says Bush's wars produced “a lot of death; death and blood and money.” He falsely claims, for the 14th time, that the U.S. has spent $7 trillion on Middle East wars. The highest recent estimate is $5.6 trillion.
8:56: Trump talks about how he, unlike previous presidents, kept his promise, under intense pressure, to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and move the U.S. embassy there. He gets applause.
8:57: Trump tells an implausible story about how he signed the “Donald” on an executive order to spend $1 billion on the new embassy but then had a fiscal epiphany and figured out it could be done for $150,000 instead and so did not sign the “Trump.”
9:02: Trump boasts of the new embassy: “We opened it. It is totally beautiful. The finest stones, the finest marbles, the best location. It's open. It opened in four months after we started building.” According to news reports, the U.S. has so far merely altered a small part of its existing Jerusalem consulate to accommodate the ambassador and additional staff.
9:04: Trump reminds the crowd that he said in 2016 that African-Americans have the “highest crime, bad education, bad this, bad that.” He boasts that the African-American unemployment rate is now the lowest on record. It dropped from 12.7 per cent to 7.8 per cent under Obama, then from 7.8 per cent to 6.6 per cent under Trump.
9:06: “We've become like a third-world country,” Trump says, complaining of the quality of America's airports.
9:07: Trump promises to rebuild America's infrastructure — then claims that, contrary to a frequent claim from some of his more juvenile opponents, he has big hands. “We will do it all with these big beautiful hands. Look at these hands.”
9:10: For the fourth time, Trump claims Americans build the Empire State Building in “less than one year.” It took 13 months.
9:10: Trump complains that the U.S. “gave away” the Panama Canal.
9:10: Trump takes credit for a supposed recent improvement in the U.S. space program: “You see what's happening with NASA. See those rocket ships starting to go up again.” When he has made this claim in the past, he has been referring to launches by SpaceX, a private company separate from NASA.
9:11: “I say it and I say it all the time: we are so respected again. I can't even tell you really the degree to which people respect our country again. It's amazing. It's amazing.”
9:12: The grand finale: “We are one people, we are one family, and one glorious nation under God. Without a question. Without a doubt. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The Trump administration issued a rule Friday that sharply limits the Affordable Care Act's contraception coverage mandate, a move that could mean many American women would no longer have access to birth control free of charge. The new regulation, issued by the Health and Human Services Department, allows a much broader group of employers and insurers ...
Uber is launching its in-app tipping feature for drivers in the U.K. Starting tomorrow, Uber passengers will be able to tip their driver using the app for rides and/or food via UberEATS. Back in June, Uber added in-app tipping capabilities for passengers to give drivers a little extra something in the U.S.
“While drivers have told us they love the freedom of being their own boss, we've also clearly heard that we need to make improvements,” Uber UK Regional General Manager Jo Bertram said in a statement.
Just like in the U.S., Uber will also charge passengers who make their drivers wait for more than two minutes. Starting August 22, passengers in the U.K. will have to pay 20p per every one minute their driver has to wait after the first two minutes.
Another change include two-minute cancellations. Right now, if an Uber rider cancels a trip within five minutes, they don't have to pay a cancellation fee.
“Following feedback we feel this is too long as drivers are well on their way to the pick-up point and have already invested time and fuel,” Bertram said.
Other changes include a “No thanks” button, which lets drivers immediately deny trips rather than having to wait for the request to time out, and driver destination and arrival times. The drive destination feature enables the driver to match with a passenger going the same direction and the arrival time feature ensures the driver gets to their destination on time. Uber says drivers can expect additional changes down the road.
By Abby Hassler
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver Country radio DJ, David Mueller is coming to close as the judge heard closing arguments from both parties today.
Related: Judge Drops DJ's Complaint Against Taylor Swift, Closing Arguments Expected Today
“That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue,” Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland said.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” Swift's attorney Douglas Baldridge said. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” he asked the jurors.
Baldridge then asked the jury to “return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
The case is now with the jury.
QUITO, ECUADOR—An Ecuadoran judge ordered Tuesday that former president Rafael Correa, who is out of the country, be jailed after failing to appear in court in connection with a probe into the kidnapping of an opposition lawmaker. Chief prosecutor Paul Perez demanded Correa's arrest and extradition from Belgium, where he currently resides, after the 55-year-old former leader failed to appear at court in Ecuador's capital as required under the terms of an investigation.
Former Ecuadorean president Rafael Correa failed to appear at court in Ecuador's capital as required under the terms of an investigation. ( RAUL ARBOLEDA / AFP/GETTY IMAGES file photo )
A judge approved Perez's request and also issued an order for Correa's capture and extradition. “This decision by Correa to not respond to the judge's request today makes him a fugitive from justice,” said Fernando Balda, the man whose brief kidnapping is at the centre of the case. Correa, a firebrand leader who governed Ecuador for a decade, garnered legions of supporters by promoting generous health and social programs aimed at reducing inequality, but his record has increasingly come under scrutiny since leaving power in 2017.
Article Continued Below
In June, the nation's highest court ordered that Correa be included in the investigation into the botched 2012 kidnapping of Balda in Bogota, Colombia, where the outspoken legislator had sought refuge after an escalating feud with the president. Balda was abducted but quickly escaped harm after nearby taxi drivers alerted police, who stopped the vehicle in which he was being taken away. Colombian authorities later determined that three intelligence agents with Ecuador's police had contracted the kidnappers to abduct Balda. Balda's attorney is accusing Correa of being the mastermind behind the crime, though the former president has not been charged. Correa has brushed aside the accusations, tweeting Tuesday that there was no evidence to support any claims he was involved. His supporters call the case a political witch hunt. Correa had been ordered to appear in Quito every 15 days since early June in order to comply with the probe, a requirement he dismissed Tuesday as being “impossible to fulfil.” On Monday he appeared at the Ecuadorean consulate instead. A judge had already warned that would not meet the court's demand.
“I appreciate all of the displays of solidarity before this new and grave violation of justice and my rights,” Correa wrote on Twitter. “They are looking to humiliate us and put us through a bad time, but a monstrosity like this will NEVER prosper in a State of Law like Belgium.” There was no immediate response from officials in Belgium to Ecuador's capture and extradition request.
Article Continued Below
Correa took Ecuador by storm in the 2006 presidential election as the young, charismatic leader vowed to help millions of impoverished families through what he called “21st century socialism.” Supporters credit him with providing Ecuador political and economic stability after a tumultuous period in the nation's history. But the combative leader also feuded with the media, business community, Indigenous groups and environmentalists by pushing through measures that consolidated executive power. Correa's hand-picked predecessor, Lenin Moreno, won the 2017 presidential election, but the two men have had a bitter falling out. Moreno has tried to make amends with groups like conservative business leaders that Correa shunned and has even accused the former president of planting a hidden video camera in order to spy on him remotely. Correa moved to his wife's native Belgium but returned to campaign against a referendum pushed by Moreno to weaken his former ally's remaining influence. Correa received a far less warm welcome than he had been accustomed to in the past. At one stop protesters hurled trash at a campaign vehicle. The successful referendum made it impossible for Correa to run for president again.
Lansing Man Killed In Fowlerville Crash
February 2, 2018
An Ingham County man was killed this morning after a crash in Fowlerville.
The Fowlerville Police Department reports that they were dispatched to a two car personal injury accident on Garden Lane at 6:40am. A preliminary investigation showed that a 70-year-old Lansing man was driving a Chevrolet Camaro westbound on Garden Lane near Gregory Road when he crossed over the center line and struck a Chevrolet pickup near the front driver's side fender.
The driver of the Camaro was pronounced dead at the scene. The 45-year-old Fowlerville man driving the pickup truck was transported to Sparrow Hospital with non-life threatening injuries. Chief John Tyler tells WHMI that seatbelts were used and alcohol and speed do not appear to be a factor.
The Fowlerville Police Department was assisted by the Fowlerville Area Fire Department, Livingston County EMS, the Michigan State Police Brighton Post and the Livingston County and Hamburg Township Accident Reconstruction Teams. (JK)
The rise of the robots cometh...to the 2018 Consumer Electronics Show next month. We've already seen a handful of other robot concepts coming to the show, but Honda has revealed what it has in store. The company's famed Asimo will stay home, but four new robots will make their debuts: 3E-A18, 3E-B18, 3E-C18, and 3E-D18.
Each robot's surname, 3E, encompasses three pillars of empower, experience, and empathy. Each is different in their execution, but they all strive to exude one of the three pillars. B18, C18, and D18 are most alike since all are mobility concepts.
Honda calls B18 a "chair-type mobility concept" for use indoors and outdoors; C18 is a smaller-sized mobility concept with a multi-functional cargo space; and D18 is a self-driving off-road concept complete with artificial intelligence systems. D18 looks a bit like an autonomous ATV of sorts, but we'll have to wait for more details.
Honda 3E robot concepts for 2018 CES Enlarge Photo
Finally, A18 is something different altogether, and perhaps the creepiest. It's a "companion robotics concept" that has the ability to show compassion to humans through a range of expressions. Honda wants 3E-A18 to feel things.
In addition to the four robots, Honda will also bring its Mobile Power Pack World. The unit includes a swappable battery pack for electric cars that can be re-charged at home for future use. Battery swapping has long been a potential way to combat range anxiety. Honda also envisions the unit as a supplement to recreational activities and as an important accessory in natural disasters.
Look for all of Honda's concepts at the start of CES on January 9. More coverage on the show can be found here.
THE mares who fought out the finish of last Saturday's Irwin Stakes head the first markets for the $1 million Robert Sangster Stakes at Morphettville on Saturday.
Star Adelaide sprinter Viddora has been marked the $4.50 favourite in Ladbrokes fixed-odds betting for the Group 1 Robert Sangster Stakes (1200m) on May 5, despite being beaten first-up in the Irwin Stakes (1100m) by exciting Perth mare Dainty Tess, who shares the second line of betting with Quilista at $7.
Darren Weir-trained four-year-old Quilista has emerged as a genuine Sangster contender with brilliant wins at her past three starts, including her past two at Group level in Sydney.
"The nominations for the Robert Sangster are packed full of quality and this could be one of the strongest editions of the race in recent memory," Ladbrokes spokesman Tom Hackett said.
"You just need to look at the quality horses that are priced at double-figure odds in our market to see just how strong this race will be."
Last year's Blue Diamond winner Catchy, a hard-finishing winner of the Group 2 Arrowfield Sprint at Randwick on April 14, is the only other runner under double figures at $9, while defending Sangster champion Secret Agenda, who ran third in the Irwin, is rated a $13 chance.
There were 32 entries for the Sangster when nominations closed this week. This will be reduced to 20 runners plus four emergencies at final acceptances next Tuesday.
Viddora's trainer Lloyd Kennewell said the five-year-old had recovered well from her Irwin run, where she received some significant interference when the barriers released.
"She had a nice blow after it. She obviously pulled up a little bit big but she's in good order," Kennewell said.
"There's no point in crying over spilt milk (from the Irwin). We'll take the positives out of it and we'll move on to the big one, which is the one we've been aimed at the whole time."
Meanwhile, Chris Waller's exciting filly Savacool and Darren Weir's impressive Auraria Stakes winner Sopressa share early favouritism for the $500,000 Schweppes Oaks (2000m) at Morphettville on May 5.
Sopressa cruises to victory in the Auraria Stakes at Morphettville. Picture: Atkins Photography
There are 30 nominations for the Group 1 Oaks, with the final field of 16 runners and four emergencies also drawn next Tuesday morning.
"Savacool has a similar profile to last year's winner Egg Tart and we expect her to continue to be well backed, while it was hard not to be impressed with the performance of Sopressa in the Auraria Stakes," Hackett said.
"Aloisia is something of a wildcard as she has been inconsistent this campaign but her best form would have her right in this contest."
FEATURE-RACE BETTING
$1M ROBERT SANGSTER STAKES (1200m)
Group 1, Morphettville, Saturday, May 5
$4.50 VIDDORA
$7 Dainty Tess, Quilista
$9 Catchy
$10 Super Cash, Whispering Brook
$12 Missrock
$13 Secret Agenda, Shoals
$15 Cool Passion, Ghisoni, Miss Gunpowder, Tulip
$17 Houtzen, Legless Veuve
$21 Formality, Gogo Grace, Pedrena, Seannie, Zestful
$26 or better others
$500,000 SCHWEPPES OAKS (2000m)
Group 1, Morphettville, Saturday, May 5
$5.50 SAVACOOL, SOPRESSA
$6.50 Aloisia
$8 Velocita
$9 Temple of Bel
$11 Bring Me Roses, Sheezdashing
$13 Earth Angel, Miss Admiration, Pleasuring, Think Bleue
$15 Pretty to Sea, Semari
$18 Belle du Nord, Palaza Vecchio, Pure Scot, Truly Discreet
$26 or better others
*Ladbrokes fixed-odds market
BEIJING, March 19 (APP):Last year, trade volume between China and countries along the Belt and Road amounted to $1.1 trillion, up 14.8 percent year-on-year, which is 3.4 percentage points higher than the growth of the country's total foreign trade.
The Belt and Road initiative, proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping in 2013, refers to building a Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road, according to a report published in People's Daily on Monday.
Over the past five years, the initiative has been positively echoed by over 140 countries and regions, and fruitful cooperation achievements have been yielded under its framework.
Praising a more diversified investment portfolio, the minister said that China had altogether invested over $60 billion to on-route countries in various sectors such as agriculture, manufacturing and infrastructure.
The report pointed out that a group of big projects were making steady progress as well, including the construction of railways, expressways and ports, cooperation programs on energy and resources and the operation of manufacturing projects.
China has established 75 zones for economic and trade cooperation in countries along the routes, with a total investment of more than $27 billion.
The minister said the Belt and Road should be built into a road of peace, prosperity, opening up as well as innovation, and one that connects different civilizations.
For the next step, the ministry will launch new cooperation platforms including the first China International Import Expo, build major investment and foreign aid projects and make them well received like shiny pearls along the Belt and Road.
China will also facilitate e-commerce through big data, promote the liberalization and facilitation of trade and investment along the Belt and Road and implement major foreign aid projects.
WASHINGTON : Pakistan's Ambassador to the United States (US), Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry has said that Pakistan would like to have good relations with the United States based on mutual respect and equality.
In an interview conducted by Mr Jeremy Hobson and Ms Dina Kesbeh for National Public Radio (NPR) s programme “Here & Now”, Aizaz Chaudhry said that Pakistan does not want any violence or terrorism in Afghanistan.
Aizaz Chaudhry said that Pakistan has suffered from the instability in Afghanistan. We are the only country that will benefit the most — apart from the people of Afghanistan — if peace returns to Afghanistan.
He said that Pakistan condemns recent deadly attacks in Afghanistan in which innocent lives have been lost. But we also would like to express our disappointment that anything that happens in Afghanistan, no matter what, the only reaction that we hear from Kabul is to blame Pakistan
He said the solution to violence in Afghanistan lies in having a comprehensive political approach, and engaging in a genuine political dialogue between all Afghan factions. We don t want to be party to it. We think that it should be between Afghan government and all Afghan factions and the Taliban must be made to be part of that process.
He said that Pakistan doesn't bear any blame for the recent attacks.
“Absolutely not. Pakistan does not want any violence or terrorism in Afghanistan. In fact, we have suffered from the instability in Afghanistan. We are the only country that will benefit the most — apart from the people of Afghanistan — if peace returns to Afghanistan. Why would we support any element that would destabilize Afghanistan, and in turn bring that instability to Pakistan?”
The diplomat emphasized on the need to develop a comprehensive political approach and engage in a genuine political dialogue between all Afghan factions.
“We don't want to be party to it. We think that it should be between Afghan government and all Afghan factions, the Taliban must be made to be part of that process. We tried it twice. We did it once in 2015, the second time, the four nations — Pakistan, Afghanistan, the United States and China — came together, and we set out to meet all the Taliban, all of us four, to persuade them that they must give up violence. The Taliban leader was killed in a drone strike. So I think the Taliban are not ready to listen to Pakistan, that our influence on them has eroded because twice we brought them with whatever influence we had, and now they are leaving our country and we have that much less influence on them.”
Orignally published by INP
“The road of life is never without trials and tribulations,” a fellow with a man-bun shouted one time from the middle of a crowd of people before they began a climb up a long mountain.
William Least Heat-Moon came home one day to discover a note his wife had left, saying she was leaving him. He staggered to the kitchen table as the phone rang. It was his boss calling to inform him next week would be his last week as an English professor at a well-known university.
“Bill, I'm sorry,” his boss said. “I'm just the messenger here.”
There was a large road atlas lying on the table, one evidently left by his wife. Bill looked closely at the red lines marking interstates, and the blue lines denoting rural highways. With only an overnight bag in his hand, Bill decided to take a road trip following the blue lines, and subsequently, the roads less traveled.
Brenda and I enjoy traveling the blue highways, too, along the back roads to small towns and unknown adventures. We love to visit the little hamlets with the country stores, to turn down the shady, out-of-the-way roads where we pass barns past their prime, where the weather has slowly transformed the red paint to a faded gray.
Many years ago, one such trip took Brenda and me to Amherst, Virginia. Amherst was located near the entrance to the Blue Ridge Parkway near Roanoke, where cars were stopped along the mountain road to photograph the breathtaking scenery of the Shenandoah Valley.
“Why don't we take the back road home?” Brenda asked.
Being in no hurry, I said, “Sure.”
The distance from Amherst to Buena Vista, south of Lexington, Virginia, was only 27 miles. We soon found out they were 27 tough miles.
As we proceeded north onto Route 60, the Lexington Turnpike, we thought the first 10 miles were the easiest, and the last 17 were the hardest, traveling them one-by-one until we entered the mountains.
Near Herb Sweete'a farm we crossed over the Norfolk Southern railroad tracks glistening in the sun, and moved on to Oronoco where the Appalachian Trail and the Buffalo River congregated near the Midway Baptist Church.
We soon passed Puppy Creek Road and the tiny town of Willow, near the intersection of Route 60 and Route 686, where a large willow tree stood that gave the town of twelve people its name.
A small country store and restaurant, Ogden's Grocery, came into view as we entered the high mountains. Situated at the entrance was a Pepsi machine, along with a large metal cooler holding bags of ice. There were two bays full of tires and oil, where tires could be bought or changed.
Three weather-beaten barns in a state of disrepair were still standing, resting on a bluff, their dormant strength reminding us of better times.
Soon Brenda and I were climbing, twisting, and turning as one sharp curve after another met us on the extremely mountainous, remote highway.
Twenty-seven miles and two hours later, we pulled into Buena Vista, Virginia, a small town nestled at the foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains. It was time to get out of the car and take a welcome walk around.
Three men were sitting on two black wooden benches in front of the courthouse talking about the old days, and the time the flood came out of the mountains and almost washed Buena Vista away.
On our way out of town, as we headed north to Lexington, we stopped at a chrome diner next to a small bookstore.
The diner had a long bar with red-topped stools, a soda fountain, and seated about 20 regulars. We ate cheeseburgers and fries, and washed them down with a strawberry soda for me, and a vanilla for Brenda. The mature women behind the counter wore white dresses and hairnets over their hair, as they took our orders.
A man in a white shirt and tie sat down beside me. He was sweating and seemed agitated.
“Everything OK?” I asked.
“Nope. My car broke down this afternoon on the edge of town and the only garage within miles is closed until Monday,” he said. “It's only Saturday night, don't you know?”
A waitress with the name Beverley on her name tag overheard us talking. “Why don't you come out to the park with us shortly?” she asked. “Tomorrow is the Fourth of July and we would be honored if you would join us.”
Without hesitation, we all stood up, even the man with the broken down car, and we all drove to the edge of town and joined the celebration.
We are glad we did. We can't remember when we had a better time.
As things swirl around us in this reckless world, we hope you took advantage of the opportunity to slow down, too, to spend time yesterday, the Fourth of July, with family and friends and to remember this great country as we did that night a long time ago in Buena Vista, Virginia.
Pat Haley is a Clinton County Commissioner and former Clinton County Sheriff.
https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/07/web1_Pat-Haley.jpg
HALIFAX—A federal committee is in Halifax today to hear stories from survivors of human trafficking and people who provide support to victims of what some call a form of modern slavery.
It is the first cross-country stop for the 12 members of the Commons committee, who also plan on holding hearings in Montreal, Toronto, Edmonton and Vancouver.
They are studying the practice of human trafficking in Canada, which involves recruiting, transporting and detaining people for anything from domestic slavery, forced labour to sexual exploitation.
Read more:
The Game: Living Hell in hotel chains
The First #BoycottAdele Wasn't Over A Grammy, But On How To Make Tea
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
After her glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning her "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after she endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of her hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while she lavishly mourns the loss of her coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. She pops the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
YouTube
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. She pours hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. He may have fought totalitarianism all his life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was his way or the highway. His popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," he declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, he could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, his widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which she affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish her. And so Ono allowed him to make the tea his way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and she says you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear she taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. She has the great Beatle on her side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up her 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds she was putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, her "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which she nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke her trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit she was dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, she could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
Most of the universe is too big or too small for us to appreciate directly. Aside from mere samples delivered to us by electron microscopes or NASA's Hubble telescope, we remain unconscious of the vigorous infinities that crowd around and permeate our lives. We're missing much of Earth's more interesting activity, not least among creatures closer to our own size, living in water. Oceans, after all, cover two thirds of the planet. Such hidden biological dimensions and inaccessible terrains are the refuge of Eva Kwong's very original sensibility, and the inspiration for her extraordinary ceramic sculptures.
When she was still a student at the Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) at Providence in the 1970s, Kwong began to take an interest in things that can't be directly grasped,“Things that are invisible to our naked eyes, yet are there,” she recalls. “I was interested in fog for a while, which softens and envelops, magical and mysterious.” At that time, she was working at RISD's Nature Lab, which housed diverse collections of fossils and other natural husks and accretions.
“I got to catalog all this stuff and study everything three-dimensionally, so I learned how to accept appearances—to think about objects and organisms from all angles, to work in a vocabulary of forms. It helped that the lab was also like a lending library—you could check things out. Then, in my sophomore year I began to make ceramic objects as part of a broad sculpture program that included ceramics as well as metals.” In retrospect the class seems like a fateful intervention, acquainting the young artist with materials that turned out to be ideal for her interests. She soon fell in love with clay, with its intimacy and quietness, and perhaps its directness. “I experienced the magic of transforming one shape into another through work, through action. You keep at it—until something happens!” Kwong's curiosity and awe at the variety and vividness of form found a means of expression that would continue to levels of great mastery through the ensuing decades.
At first she struggled with the new medium. Her professors didn't think she was very good at it, even advising her to try another field. “In hindsight, it was a different kind of challenge for me—I had to work harder. So, I made a chicken, larger than life. I knew about chickens, how quirky they are from a visual standpoint, because we kept them on the balcony at our apartment in Hong Kong. And I made some sea urchins. But A Thousand Shells was my first piece that I really liked. I loved the ocean and the beach growing up in Hong Kong. I went to Horseneck Beach while I was at RISD, where there was a little peninsula engulfed in mist. I was thinking that we're like shells on the beach, sometimes we have no control over our destiny. We wait on the beach till the tide takes us out to somewhere else. I was waiting for something to happen in my life. I soon realized I could use things that are part of my life, to be part of my work. I cast a thousand shells—very different sizes and shapes. We are part of humanity, we are all similar, all a little weird with our own idiosyncracy.
“The concept of ‘the same and not the same' is still a recurring theme in my work, that we share a community, like members of a family.
“I began to make microcosms and macrocosms, as inspired by Buddhism. Again my childhood experiences came into play. We came to New York from Hong Kong when I was in my teens. My grandmother was a Buddhist, and a patron of the temple in Hong Kong. Before we moved to the US, our family would sometimes be her guests at the Patrons' Dinner—I was the only kid there. I was a regular!”
From the very beginning, as Kwong precociously developed her flexible, profoundly feminist, erotic approach to form, the central insight of her work has been a vision of the continuity of all life forms, both as individuals and in their generations. The otherworldly organisms and objects she creates have varied widely in size and shape, displaying a range of subtle glazes and surface features. Some are the height of a person, others would fit in a teacup. Most could be called playful, but not alien: the other world they hail from is actually our own. Kwong's creatures are kin to animals large or very small, found in the depths of Earth's oceans, or the shallows of a drop of water. Sometimes she has called them “noetic,” suggesting that they partake of the noos, an ancient Greek word referring to the human mind, in all its oceanic depth and variety.
Intriguing and jewel-like as her hand-built inventions can be, balanced on tentacles or pimpled pseudopods, Kwong is at her most profound when her specimens are further imagined en masse—installed as a kind of art-without-borders, climbing, spreading, and pooling throughout the available space. From a formal perspective, the apparent tendency of these objects to flow around the room is exactly what they were born to do. Sinuous and provisional, inconstant, they are the tidemark of will and desire, caressing, occupying, ebbing, and flowing.
One of Kwong's earliest ceramic installations dates from 1981–85. Titled Fertile Garden, it was installed at the Pittsburgh Center for the Arts and consisted of several large, body-sized ceramic pieces, which seemed to rise out of the gallery floor at intervals. If these lacked some of the fine-tuning of her more recent works, they nevertheless carried the artist's vision forward persuasively. It's easy to appreciate the relationship of the swelling, rising, spreading shapes to undersea vegetation, or to the hydroid species that cycle between stationary polyp and free-ranging medusa. Closer to home, they also resemble the efficient, erotic curves and swoops of any flesh. They are the contours of the human body sketched under a lover's hand, stroked with eyes shut or in the dark.
More recent installations emphasize the multiplicity of life and the complexity of sensual experience, speaking of populations and their movements. Kwong's 2006 Swarms was made up of dense, curving phalanxes of short, reddish, worm-like creations, all wriggling together. Here postmodern ideas of accumulation and mark making join with the artist's interest in pelagic species. The results can be both formally uplifting and disturbingly invasive. By contrast, in 1999–2000, her Bacteria, Diatoms, and Cells series, shown at the Massillon Museum in Massillon, Ohio, and elsewhere, was a tour-de-force of individuation. Hundreds of distinct formal variations—crescents, torus-shapes, hemispheres and three-dimensional squiggles, all punctuated like their microscopic models with pores, spores, and marginal ridges—colonized the gallery walls.
In Kwong's sculptures, human qualities of mind and body are infused as if obliquely, at an angle to actual experience. Her forms and surfaces are both attractive and suspiciously baroque, like the sometimes poisonous sea-borne plants and animals, and animal-plants, which have lingered in the sculptor's imagination for so long. The world in which these life-forms metabolize and matriculate is first of all a place inhospitable not to life, certainly, but to human life as we must live it; the space she invents is both metaphorical and dangerous. Kwong's formal yet gesture-driven approach to depictions of form and gestation allows her to displace the essential aesthetics of reproduction to the bottom of a tidal pool, and to examine the distances that wash through the decades of our lives. Her imagery moves in the depths between Asia and America, between ultimate origins and the immediacy of touch.
the author Douglas Max Utter is a painter and art critic based in Cleveland, Ohio. He has received three Individual Fellowships from the Ohio Arts Council, and was awarded a CPAC Creative Workforce Fellowship. He received the Cleveland Arts Prize for Lifetime Achievement in 2013. He contributes articles to CAN Journal, in Cleveland. To learn more, www.douglasutter.com.
Stanford's Reid Travis is expected to withdraw from the NBA Draft and head elsewhere for his final season as a grad transfer, sources told ESPN.
Travis informed Cardinal coach Jerod Haase of his decision on Tuesday night, a source told ESPN. The deadline for players to withdraw and retain their college eligibility is Wednesday night.
The 6-foot-8 Travis, who chose Stanford over Duke coming out of high school, will be a game-changer for whenever he lands. Travis averaged 19.5 points and 8.7 rebounds per game last season and will be eligible to play at his new school this coming season.
Multiple sources told ESPN that Kentucky is the frontrunner to land Travis, and that defending national champion Villanova is also involved. The Wildcats have three frontcourt players who have declared for the NBA Draft, but have yet to decide whether to withdraw -- Jarred Vanderbilt, P.J. Washington and Wenyen Gabriel. UK also added elite big man E.J. Montgomery and bring back Nick Richards.
Travis has dealt with numerous injuries throughout his college career, including a sophomore campaign in which he missed the final 22 games due to a leg injury. However, he played 35 games last season.
ISLAMABAD, Jun 14 (APP): Minister of State for Capital
Administration and Development Division (CADD), Dr Tariq Fazal
Chaudhry Wednesday said the Sharif family was cooperating with
joint investigation team on Panama Papers issue.
The prime minister had written a letter to the apex
court to form a commission on Panama Papers and clearly stated
to appear before the court whenever it summoned for investigation,
he said while talking to a private news channel.
The minister said the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N)
government has registered its reservations on JIT in the Supreme
Court.
The minister said the PML-N workers while expressing
solidarity with PM wanted to gather on the occasion of JIT but
they were asked to stay away from that place.
While Beyoncé has a history of stealing the show at the annual Grammy Awards, this year certainly did not disappoint or break that tradition.
While this year's performance was made even sweeter by the fact that Queen Bey is carrying twins, it also served as a reminder that, at the end of the day, there are too many reasons to count the ways why Beyoncé is one of the most influential, groundbreaking and iconic entertainers of our time. For those who for whatever reason may not be totally convinced, such as the Game, her singing voice definitely is a key ingredient to her untouchable legacy.
Elsie Roth
Elsie Irene Roth, 81, of Fort Madison, IA, formerly of Donnellson, IA, died Monday, February 13, 2017 at Sunnybrook in Fort Madison, IA.
Funeral arrangements are pending at the Vigen Memorial Home in Keokuk, IA.
The Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) has taken over Odengene Air-Shuttle Services (OAS) Helicopters in Lagos following a court order.
AMCON had on Tuesday sealed the company at Maryland in Lagos, indicating that the company had been taken over by AMCON.
The order on the company's office reads: “POSSESSION TAKEN TODAY 14/2/17 BY AMCON COURT ORDER ON SUIT NO. FHC/4CS/1139/2016
NewsDay may not authoritatively confirm if the company is indebted to some banks that could have warrant such take over.
However, the company was among the airlines that received the Federal Government intervention fund during the tenure of President Goodluck Jonathan.
The notice by AMCON said it all that the company had been taken over following a court order.
OAS is one of the leading helicopter chatter service companies in the country.
It will be recalled that AMCON had on Thursday Feb.9, took over the management of Arik Air.
AMCON said that the development would save Arik Airlines currently immersed in heavy financial debt burden that was threatening to permanently ground the airline.
For some time now, the airline, which carries about 55 per cent of the load in the country, has been going through difficult times.
These are attributable to its bad corporate governance, erratic operational challenges, inability to pay staff salaries and heavy debt burden among other issues.
AMCON had earlier taken over the management of Aero Contractors in 2016.
The airline is currently not doing well after the take-over.
CHICOPEE -- Firefighters are at the scene of a blaze at an East Street antiques business.
The fire was reported around 4:15 p.m. Friday. Flames are shooting through the roof as firefighters put water on the building from an aerial ladder.
The large Victorian-style building, at 105 East St., is home to T&L's Antiques.
The temperature hovered in the teens, and early in the response a firefighter said in one radio transmission that a hydrant near the scene was frozen.
The building dates to 1910, according to city records, and is assessed at $243,000. It is owned by Lisa Mark and Thomas Fotiathis.
Follow live video of the fire at the MassLive Facebook page >>
This is a developing story that will be updated after further reporting.
China's largest retailer JD.com on Friday announced its partnership with Fung Retailing Limited to develop artificial intelligence-driven retail solutions. With this new endeavor, the two companies aim to develop a new retail format for China and Asia.
Part of the agreement forged between parties is the use of AI to transform the retail industry as well as the development of AI platform and its application to smart retail. In this venture, the companies will create an AI-driven retail system that seamlessly integrates online and offline platforms.
Also read: Why Amazon won't beat retailers in Singapore
In addition, they will develop an end-to-end system that enables the management of products, pricing, storage, order, and payment. And on top of these is the enhancement of consumer experience through solutions such as AI-driven virtual fitting, unmanned stores, and smart shopping assistants.
This strategic agreement is expected to benefit both parties on the same level, given JD.com's extensive online expertise and Fung Retailing's offline expertise. Fung Retailing has a network of more than 3,000 stores across China, while JD.com remains to be the biggest e-commerce company in the country.
The partnership will establish an AI Boundaryless Retail Center that will oversee and manage cooperative research and development projects. Additionally, it will serve as the information and expertise centre where the companies can share inputs relating to AI technology.
"When it comes to the future of retail, and driving the customer experience, AI is an essential component. Across our retail portfolio, AI is a focal point and this cooperation with JD will, without doubt, accelerate our progress," says Sabrina Fung, group managing director at Fung Retailing Limited, in a statement.
"As one of the largest retailers in the world, we believe that figuring out how to deploy AI solutions is critical to our future success. Drawing on Fung Retailing's global offline retail expertise, this partnership will be important for us as we deliver our retail vision," says Bowen Zhou, vice president of JD.com and head of JD's AI Platform and Research, in a statement.
Bitcoin's blockchain can be loaded with sensitive, unlawful or malicious data, raising potential legal problems in most of the world, according to boffins based in Germany.
In a paper [PDF] presented at the Financial Cryptography and Data Security conference on the Dutch Caribbean island of Curaçao – "A Quantitative Analysis of the Impact of Arbitrary Blockchain Content on Bitcoin" – researchers from RWTH Aachen University and Goethe University identified 1,600 files added to the Bitcoin blockchain, 59 of which include links to unlawful images of child exploitation, politically sensitive content, or privacy violations.
The researchers suggest Bitcoin's blockchain can also be loaded with malware, something Interpol warned about three years ago but has not yet been documented in the wild.
"Despite potential benefits of data in the blockchain, insertion of objectionable content can put all participants of the Bitcoin network at risk, as such unwanted content is unchangeable and locally replicated by each peer of the Bitcoin network as benign data," researchers Roman Matzutt, Jens Hiller, Martin Henze, Jan Henrik Ziegeldorf, Dirk Müllmann, Oliver Hohlfeld, and Klaus Wehrle explain.
The Bitcoin blockchain is a distributed ledger or database that contains linked records of all Bitcoin transactions. These records or blocks hold batches of hashed transactions and are linked to preceding blocks by a cryptographic signature. The blocks also allow for additional data, and therein lies the issue.
In an email to The Register, Roman Matzutt, a researcher with RWTH Aachen University and one of the co-authors of the paper, said the problem exists with other blockchains that allow content to be inserted, such as Litecoin and Ethereum.
"We did not yet investigate more privacy-aware blockchain systems such as Monero or the upcoming Mimblewimble," he said. "Such blockchains need further investigation with respect to how easy identifiers that appear on the blockchain can be manipulated."
The paper identifies several mechanisms for adding arbitrary data to the Bitcoin blockchain. There's CryptoGraffiti, a web-based service to read and write data to the blockchain, as well as Satoshi Uploader, P2SH Injectors, and Apertus.
Augmenting transactions in this way allows for additional arguably useful Bitcoin-related services, such as digital notarization and digital rights management. But it also adds the possibility of abuse.
At present, few Bitcoin blockchain transactions contain extra data – only 1.4 per cent of the roughly 251 million transactions in Bitcoin's blockchain, the researchers say – and only a small portion of that fraction are objectionable or illegal.
Nonetheless, the presence of even a small amount illegal or objectionable content could pose problems for participants.
"Since all blockchain data is downloaded and persistently stored by users, they are liable for any objectionable content added to the blockchain by others," the paper says. "Consequently, it would be illegal to participate in a blockchain-based system as soon as it contains illegal content."
The researchers acknowledge that there haven't yet been definitive court rulings on this specific issue but insist "However, considering legal texts we anticipate a high potential for illegal blockchain content to jeopardize blockchain-based system such as Bitcoin in the future," they state.
Crypto Graphiti anticipates the risk posed by objectionable content in policy statement for those who attempting to post data to the Bitcoin blockchain: "By using this service you agree not to save anything illegal on the blockchain. In case of abuse we may report your IP address to the police."
That's not necessarily much of a deterrent. While adding something like "Remember Tiananmen Square" or a picture of the Dalai Lama to the blockchain wouldn't be an issue in the US, it could cause Chinese authorities to take steps to prevent that content from being redistributed through Bitcoin nodes in China.
Adrian Colyer, a partner with VC firm Accel in London who wrote a blog post about the paper, suggests the ability to add arbitrary data to Bitcoin's blockchain could be used as a pretense for governments to harass political foes operating Bitcoin nodes.
"If a government wanted to clamp down on a given blockchain, all it has to do is anonymously post a transaction containing illegal or objectionable data, wait for it to propagate to all the miners in the country, and then go after them for possession," he mused.
Matzutt confirmed that an individual could "poison" the blockchain by inserting a politically contentious image. Using a ~21 KB image of Nelson Mandela that's is already on the blockchain as an example, he said it would cost about US$380 at today's market price of Bitcoin (~$8,400) to insert the data.
"I cannot judge whether authorities would then ban Bitcoin, but I believe that this is a theoretical possibility, especially in very oppressive and [opaque] jurisdictions," he said. "Really exploiting blockchain content to systematically prosecute users of blockchain content requires a certain arbitrariness of the respective government as there are also other ways to officially regulate (and also forbid) blockchains."
In an email to The Register, Bitcoin contributor Dave Harding said these concerns have been the subject of discussion in the Bitcoin technical community for years and have led to problems such as the 2014 DOS/STONED incident in which the signature of an old computer virus was added to the blockchain, causing Microsoft Security Essentials to interfere with Bitcoin network nodes as it attempted to remove the file.
Harding said fixes have been proposed, such Bitcoin Core developer Gregory Maxwell's P2SH².
"Ultimately, however, I don't believe it's entirely possible to prevent users from including arbitrary data in a decentralized blockchain," said Harding. "The best mitigations known are merely to make it very expensive to publish arbitrary data on a per-byte basis."
Matzutt echoed Harding's sentiments. "Our findings are that content inserters can always insert some bytes per transaction output by brute-forcing identifiers," he said. "Hence, the problem can only be mitigated but not entirely eliminated."
He pointed to an upcoming paper, to be presented in April, that deals with the issue.
"While there are technical countermeasures against (easy) content insertion, we believe the only viable countermeasure that can potentially find its way into Bitcoin would be to introduce mandatory minimum fees that penalize transactions with many outputs," he said. "These disincentives inserting large transactions, which are especially well-suited for content insertion and once the community reaches consensus on the exact fee model, it is easily deployable via one fork."
Matzutt argues that until countermeasures such as fees are formalized, the Bitcoin community could deploy a quick fix such as rejecting "suspicious" transactions.
"In our paper we consider transactions 'suspicious' if they have many outputs (at least 50, corresponding to ~1 KB of insertable data) that only spend very small amounts," he explained. "These transactions are not likely to be economically feasible transactions, but in the end this can lead to rejection of legitimate transactions and thus would only be a temporary fix." ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Most Android devices let you use a microSD card as adoptable storage to serve as permanent storage. Failing this, every other Android device lets you browse the contents of the microSD card, and apps like Google Play Music or Netflix let you download music or movies onto the SD card. The Mirage Solo doesn't let you do either of these. You can see your movie files with the built-in file browser, but trying to select them doesn't actually do anything. Similarly, Plex, Netflix and other movie players don't give you the option to save media to the SD card. The only official use for a microSD card in the Mirage Solo is to playback footage that was filmed on Lenovo's Mirage Camera. This is a 180-degree camera specifically for recording VR video. Best microSD cards Since you'll be recording high-resolution video, you'll need a card that has the fastest write speeds you can find. Here are our picks! Samsung EVO Plus 256GB
If you need to spend money on a card for capturing videos, you may as well spend a bit more and get the biggest card you can. Samsung's EVO Plus card offers 256GB of storage, and is fast enough to handle all the footage you take. The card is heat-, water- and cold resistant, so feel free to take your camera to extreme locations. There are other cards that offer more storage for less money, but they aren't nearly as fast as this one. The Samsung EVO Plus 256GB is available for about $90. See at Amazon Sandisk Extreme Pro 64GB
This card doesn't offer as much storage, but it's also not as expensive. Just like the previous choice, this card is safe to use in almost any harsh environment, so you can take your camera snowboarding or hiking without worry. Most importantly, it's more than fast enough to handle your 180-degree footage. If you don't mind offloading storage from the Mirage Camera regularly, give this card a look. The SanDisk Extreme Pro 64GB is available for $38. See at Amazon Samsung EVO Select 128GB
Dear Amy: My boyfriend and I have been on/off for the last five years.
During the time we were apart, he had another girlfriend. I didn't know about her. He and I maintained a “friends with benefits” relationship during our breaks.
After I became pregnant with his child, I found out that they were very serious. I learned that she was pregnant, too. Our sons were born nine days apart.
They are no longer together, and he and I are trying to work things out, but I can't seem to let their relationship go.
I know that Facebook isn't “life,” but it bothers me that their entire relationship was broadcast on FB, but he won't even acknowledge us as being in a relationship.
He has never posted a picture of us or of our son.
He says he's ashamed of himself (not of me), but I can't help but feel like he's not being truthful. I think he's ashamed of me.
He tells me all the time: “You're not her,” which makes me feel like he wishes he wasn't with me. He says I'm being insecure, and that he's never going to care about Facebook.
I just don't get why he could care about his Facebook status when he was with her, but not with me?
Am I being stupid?
— Worried
Dear Worried: When you ask me if you're being “stupid,” you run the risk of supplying me with a descriptor I'd rather not apply to a woman with a young child. However, this whole situation is unfortunate — because Rome is burning and you're worried about your Facebook status.
I do agree that this status is a sign of where your guy's priorities are, and while I'm not inclined to side with him, I do appreciate his embarrassment over fathering two babies (days apart) with two different women. Yes, he should feel embarrassed. He deceived both women (I imagine), and now his ability to be a good parent to both of his sons is compromised because one baby's mother is insecure and threatened by the other. This impedes his ability to be present in his sons' lives.
Your guy is not in charge of Facebook. You should post whatever photos you want the world to see. When people start to realize that your partner has two sons the same age with different women, he (and you) will face some questions.
Please understand that parenthood will not magically change your guy's character. You should get all of your legal, custodial and financial ducks in a row regarding the child, encourage this man to be a good father to both of his children, but understand that he may not intend to lead a monogamous life.
Dear Amy: My “adult” 23-year-old son is home for the holidays.
He leads a more liberal lifestyle than my husband and me, and suffice it to say not only do our politics not match up, but neither do our hygiene practices.
To be blunt, his BO is killing us! I didn't raise him this way and I absolutely can't stand it.
I just can't embrace not showering daily and not using a daily dose of antiperspirant.
How do you address an awkward and difficult topic with a person who is also awkward and difficult?
— Mother of the Smelly Kid
Dear Mother: I assume you have heard the term “adulting.” This is a recently minted verb to describe the process that people in their 20s are now undertaking to finally exit their lengthy childhoods. Adulting refers to assuming some life skills, such as doing dishes, paying bills, and — yes, cleaning oneself.
I'm assuming that you did teach your son these skills, but your fear of mentioning this now indicates that you are actually afraid to relate to him both as a parent and as a fellow adult.
(This doesn't have anything to do with your politics — or his — by the way.)
Tell your son, “We love having you home. But you've got to wash yourself — and your clothes — while you're here. Let me show you how to use the washer, and let's put in a load.”
Dear Readers: My own life is probably a lot like yours. I've experienced poverty, prosperity, marriage, divorce, remarriage, step-parenting, caretaking, loss and grief. If you've ever been curious about the life behind the advice column, I hope you'll consider picking up my memoir, “Strangers Tend to Tell Me Things: A Memoir of Love, Loss, and Coming Home.” (2017, Hachette).
CAPE TOWN - The Department of Economic Development and Tourism is set to release a new tool later this year that will assist businesses in becoming more digitally savy.
The SMME support platform will be a mobile-friendly site that will enable small businesses to connect with various support services as well as funding institutions.
Minister for Economic Development and Tourism, Alan Winde said that small businesses play a huge role in the development of our economy, and in driving employment in our province. He added that this new platform will put the whole support system for entrepreneurs into the palms of their hands, making it easier for them to innovate and grow.
What will first be rolled out as a site will then most likely translate into an app, said Winde.
Currently, government is in talks with various businesses and the tool is in its consultation phase. In order to identify exactly what it is businesses need and to brief organisations on how they can get involved, the EDT Department is currently hosting a series of roadshows.
Notably, the first roadshow was held in Woodstock, with five more to be hosted in the remaining districts in the Western Cape over the course of next month.
“There is a great push to move government and services to a new level and for businesses to get the support on a single platform”, said Davies.
“It is essentially a resolution as we move into the fourth industrial revolution”, he added.
The Minister said he envisages the platform to take the form of an Uber app which will map out a region and businesses will be able to see other businesses and turn on their visibility and availability to do business.
The platform will include practical value for small business owners, mentors, funders, SMME support organisations, business chambers and economic development officials in local government and procurement decision makers.
"This platform will give us, and the many organisations actively working to support entrepreneurs, a better way of linking SMMEs to resources, and to opportunities. For example, when a new school or clinic is built, the positive ‘sub-contract ripple' can be harnessed for the benefit of SMMEs in the area by making the project and opportunities visible on this platform", concluded Winde.
Take a look at the upcoming roadshows that are set to take place:
READ ALSO: Minister Alan Winde's plans for job creation
ALSO READ: New benefits for kulula customers with the latest Dutch deal
TOP STORY: UCT ranks as the top SA University - report
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
3 reasons why Nabil Fekir would be a brilliant signing for Liverpool
Soham Chatterjee FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 5.61K // 04 Jul 2018, 20:08 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Nabil Fekir continues to be linked to with a move to Liverpool
Just over two weeks ago, it seemed Fekir was set to become a Liverpool player and the Red's third signing of the summer. However, doubts over his injury record raised doubts over his ability to play in a Jurgen Klopp side, especially given the German's gegenpressing style and so they pulled out of the deal.
However, earlier today, Lyon's coach admitted that Fekir did intend to leave the club earlier in the summer and in a statement said, “He has expressed his desire to play at another level. We will need to set a date. If there is a possibility like with Liverpool, Nabil will certainly seize the opportunity, once both parties agree”.
Joining the Reds would certainly mean going to a club of higher stature and greater pedigree, as Klopp's side look to improve on last seasons' fourth-place finish in the Premier League as well as the run to the Champions League final.
The French attacking midfield would strengthen Liverpool's frontline and give Klopp an alternative to the trio of Mohammed Salah, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane, who played so many of Liverpool's games last season.
The Frenchman also adds versatility to the starting eleven, as he is capable of playing in a central role and as part of the front three; something which would help Liverpool rotate over the course of the season and challenge on all fronts.
At the start of his tenure, Klopp stated that “we have to change from doubters to believers”. Whilst that process is well underway, the lack of silverware means the doubters are still very much there.
However, if Liverpool do end up signing Fekir and possibly a new goalkeeper, they could well be the team to challenge Manchester City for the Premier League title next season.
Here are 3 reasons why:
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann is likely to freshen up his starting line-up for the League One visit of Shrewsbury to the ABAX Stadium tomorrow (February 14, 7.45pm kick off).
Striker Paul Taylor and midfielder Leo Da Silva Lopes trained today after missing Saturday's last-gasp defeat at home to Sheffield United. Striker Junior Morias, captain Chris Forrester and left-back Andrew Hughes are also in contention for a start after starting the Blades game on the substitutes' bench.
Paul Taylor has recovered from illness.
McCann is desperately seeking a formula for success at home. Posh have won just five of 15 League One matches at the ABAX ahead of a match against the division's most in-form side.
Shrewsbury became the first team to win a League One match at Scunthorpe for 14 months on Saturday. That was a fourth win in six unbeaten game for the Shrews.
“I don't believe in making too many changes as it causes too much disruption,” McCann stated. “But I do believe in freshening things up from time to time.
“Leo was rested on Saturday. It was a mental thing rather than a physical one. I might give him another game off.
Posh midfielder Leo Da Silva Lopes is back in training.
“Paul Taylor was ill on Saturday, but he's fine now. It won't be a 12-man game between now and the end of the season it will be a 17-18 man game.
“I was pleased with the attitude and application of the players against Sheffield United. When I watched the game back, it was a better performance than I thought. We were just missing an end product.
“We've done a lot of work on that part of our game, but it's taking time. Craig Mackail-Smith has only just arrived in the building and Junior is doing well, but he's new to this level.
“It's a tough game tomorrow. Shrewsbury is in great form and their win at Scunthorpe was impressive. I will give them all due respect, but I need to concentrate on my team.
“I want us to stamp our authority on the game from the start. We need to be on the front foot from kick off and play with plenty of aggression.
“We have 16 games left, 16 cup finals if you want, and I'm actually quite pleased with where we are.
“Obviously I'd rather be higher, but last season we had 45 points after 36 games and this season we have 44 points after 30.”
Michael Bostwick remains on the sidelines for Posh as do long-term injury victims Jermaine and Harry Anderson. The latter is only a week from a full recovery.
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 7:29 pm |
President Donald Trump speaks at Manchester Community College in Manchester, N.H., Monday. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
A wide-ranging White House plan to combat America's opioid crisis contains a striking element: It calls on the Justice Department to seek the death penalty for some drug traffickers. Opponents call that a return to failed drug-war tactics, and some legal experts question its constitutionality and effectiveness.
A look at President Donald Trump's proposal:
WHAT IS THE PLAN?
The push for greater use of the death penalty is just part of a sweeping plan that includes stiffer penalties for drug peddlers as well as expanding access to treatment and recovery efforts. It's in keeping with the Trump administration's tough-on-crime approach to the opioid abuse epidemic that claimed a record 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016. Mr. Trump, who mused openly that countries like Singapore have fewer problems with addiction because they harshly punish drug dealers, said he wants the Justice Department to seek the “ultimate penalty” when possible.
CAN HE DO THAT?
Maybe. Mr. Trump isn't proposing a new law, but is encouraging the Justice Department to enforce existing laws more vigorously.
The Federal Drug Kingpin Act allows federal prosecutors to seek the death penalty in cases when someone is intentionally killed during a drug deal or in furtherance of a drug enterprise.
There are other federal laws that could potentially allow death penalty prosecutions of “kingpins” when large amounts of money and drugs are involved, even if there has not been a killing. But no administration, Democratic or Republican, has ever pursued and secured a death sentence under those laws.
It's not clear that death sentences for drug dealers, even for those whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional, said Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University. He predicted the issue would be litigated extensively and ultimately settled by the U.S. Supreme Court.
“The death penalty is uncertain as a constitutionally permissible punishment without that connection to an intentional killing,” Berman said.
Mr. Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions, vowed to seek the death penalty under federal law “whenever appropriate” against drug dealers who “show no respect of human dignity and put their own greed ahead of the safety and even the lives of others.”
HAVE ANY DRUG TRAFFICKERS EVER BEEN SENTENCED TO DEATH?
The Death Penalty Information Center lists 14 federal death row prisoners awaiting execution for drug-related crimes. They include Azibo Aquart, who was sentenced to death in 2012 for planning and participating in the deaths of a rival and two people living with her. There is also Orlando Hall, who was sentenced in 2007 for a drug-related kidnapping that ended in death. Dustin Honken was sentenced to die in 2004 for the killings of two children in a drug-related conspiracy in which three other people were also killed.
WILL MORE FEDERAL DEATH SENTENCES EASE THE DRUG EPIDEMIC?
Mr. Trump believes so, but others are skeptical.
Cornell Law School Professor John H. Blume said enforcement of the Federal Drug Kingpin Act tends to net poor minorities considered low- to mid-level drug dealers rather than kingpins whose products are fueling the drug crisis. Opponents said the approach resembles the drug war of the 1970s and '80s, when there was bipartisan agreement in Washington that the best way to fight crime was with long, mandatory prison sentences. That approach is now questioned by some conservatives as well as liberals.
“I don't think there's any reason to believe that attempting to revive this policy and use it more effectively will be any more successful,” Blume said, adding that death sentences are hard to win. Too few drug traffickers will be sentenced to death and executed to have a real deterrent effect, he said. “I don't think people out there who sell drugs are worried about, am I going to get the death penalty.”
VANCOUVER—B.C. will likely hold a referendum in October on whether to keep the current first-past-the-post electoral system, or change to a more complicated system that could lead to more minority governments which must co-operate with other parties to govern. Attorney General David Eby released the government's report on electoral reform, which recommends holding a mail-in referendum between Oct. 30 and Nov. 30, 2018. Some politicians and experts had feared the government would ask voters to decide whether they wanted to change the electoral system to proportional representation, and it would then be up to the government to pick which proportional system to choose.
British Columbians will be asked if they want to change the way they elect representatives to the legislature; and if so, how. ( DARRYL DYCK / The Canadian Press )
David Moscrop, a political scientist with Simon Fraser University who supports proportional representation, said he was pleasantly surprised the government is recommending the ballot question include two questions. Question one would be, “Which should British Columbia use for elections to the Legislative Assembly (Vote for only one).” Voters can choose “The current first past the post voting system” or “A proportional representation voting system.” The second question would ask: “If British Columbia adopts a proportional representation voting system, which of the following voting systems do you prefer? (Vote for the voting systems you wish to support by ranking them in order of preference. You may choose to support one, two or all three of the systems.)”
Article Continued Below
Voters could then choose between dual member proportional representation; mixed member proportional; or rural-urban proportional representation. “I feared a mandate-only question,” Moscrop said. “I was worried that the government was going to say do you want PR, yes or no, and then trust us, we'll work it out, which I thought would be bad for democracy — and bad for winning the referendum.” The referendum is an important part of the current alliance between the NDP, which does not have enough seats on its own to form government, and the Green Party. The Green Party has agreed to support the NDP, but has long lobbied for electoral reform because it's difficult for smaller parties to break through in the first-past-the-post system. Sonia Furstenau, Green MLA for Cowichan Valley, said her party is pleased the government is moving forward with a public debate about which electoral system will best foster a healthy democracy. She said the current system leads to voters sometimes voting strategically “out of fear” to block a party they oppose. “This is an exciting time for B.C.,” Furstenau said. “I'm a historian, and this opportunity has been afforded to so few people in history.”
In the NDP and Greens' own submissions during the consultation process for electoral reform, they had pushed for voters to simply say whether they wanted to replace the first-past-the-post system with a to-be-determined form of proportional representation. That led to criticism from the Opposition BC Liberals, who said the process would be biased by parties who want proportional representation. “They want to see it happen ... It just doesn't pass the smell test,” BC Liberal MLA John Martin said.
Article Continued Below
Furstenau said the public engagement process led to the change in approach, to put more choice on the ballot. The BC Liberals support the current electoral system, saying it has led to “strong, stable governments that are elected through a straightforward balloting system.” Bill Tieleman, a political strategist who is working on the campaign opposing proportional representation, warned that the proportional representation systems proposed in Eby's report could lead to a situation where a small party “with only five or six per cent of the vote” has the power to choose who forms government. He also predicted proportional representation would lead to less regional representation. One of the systems proposed, dual member proportional, would involve electing some MLAs province-wide instead of by riding. “We could have 37-40 MLAs who have no riding, they have no accountability to voters whatsoever,” he said. But Eby's report says dual member proportional, which proposes amalgamating some districts with a neighbouring riding, would meet the principle of local representation “because, although most electoral districts would double in size, they would retain two MLAs serving the same total area as present.” Proportional representation systems The B.C.'s government's proposed electoral reform ballot will give voters the choice between staying with the current first-past-the-post system, in which the candidate with the most votes wins, and three systems of proportional representation. Here's how each of those systems would work, according to the Attorney General's report: Dual Member Proportional A proportional voting system in which most of the province's existing single-member electoral districts would be amalgamated with a second neighbouring district to create two-member districts. The largest rural districts could remain unchanged as single-member districts. Political parties nominate up to two candidates per electoral district who appear on the ballot in an order determined by the party. Voters cast a single vote for the pair of candidates of the political party of their choice. Seats are won in two ways: The first seats are won by the first candidates of the party that receives the most votes in each electoral district, similar to first-past-the-post; or, the second seats are allocated based on province-wide voting results and the individual district results. Mixed Member Proportional This system combines single-member electoral districts elected under first-past-the-post with List PR seats allocated on a regional or provincial level. The overall share of seats each party holds in the Legislative Assembly is determined by the party's share of the province-wide vote it receives. Candidates who fill the List PR seats are either elected directly or allocated from the parties' lists of candidates to compensate for any disproportional results from the FPTP vote, so that the overall result is fairly proportional. Rural-Urban PR Rural-Urban PR consists of multi-member districts with seats filled using the Single Transferable Vote (STV) in urban and semi-urban areas and mixed-member proportional in the most rural areas. In the MMP regions, a small number of List PR seats are filled proportionally on a regional basis in order to provide some proportionality for these regions. To read more about how each system would work, read the full report here. Jen St. Denis is a Vancouver-based reporter covering affordability and city hall. Follow her on Twitter: @jenstden
Read more about:
The crisis in Syria has displaced around 1.4 million children and teenagers from their homes. An estimated 900,000 of them are not in school.
Historically, in conflict zones, education has taken a backseat to immediate needs like food, shelter and medical care. But more recently, there has been a movement in the international aid community to provide better "education in emergencies."
Many private companies and nonprofits are stepping up to do just this — but their efforts are not always well balanced or well coordinated, a new report claims.
Would-be students have many immediate needs. They have universally experienced some form of trauma. There is a lack of schools, teachers, books, uniforms and food. Yet, according to this study, nearly half of the donors have chosen to supply educational technology, far more than are building schools, providing basic books and materials or employing teachers.
"Many of these companies are based in Silicon Valley, and they do not have a very clear picture of the context they are delivering to," says Zeena Zakharia at the University of Massachusetts Boston, the coauthor of the report.
Zakharia has been researching education in Middle East conflict zones for over a decade, and she noted the growing role taken by the private sector, both philanthropies and corporations. "I was like, isn't this interesting!" she tells NPR Ed. At the same time, her colleague Francine Menashy, whose research focuses on the privatization of education, had noticed the same phenomenon.
The two collaborated on research, interviewing more than two dozen people dealing with the education of Syrian refugees in Lebanon, Turkey and Jordan. Education International, a global federation of teachers' unions, released the report.
Zakharia and Menashy catalogued a recent, and overwhelming surge of interest among donors in supporting education for refugee children.
This survey doesn't capture every form of aid available to Syrian refugees, who are assisted by international governments and nonprofits like the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders. The authors were trying to get a sense of what the private sector was up to. They counted 46 businesses, such as Accenture, Bridge International Academies, Goldman Sachs, Hewlett Packard, IBM, McKinsey & Co, Microsoft and Pearson Education, with money or projects in the area. In addition they counted 15 philanthropies, such as the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, IKEA Foundation, Open Society Foundation, and Vitol Foundation. (The Gates Foundation and Open Society Foundation also fund NPR).
These private organizations often back more than one type of educational activity, but there are clear trends. The authors found that 1 percent of organizations focused resources on social and emotional skills; 5 percent on extracurriculars such as sports; while fully half were focused on providing education technology. To oversimplify a bit, for every donor funding a soccer ball there are 10 backing tablets, educational games, online courses or learning platforms.
She says one school leader in Lebanon told her she was approached "every week" with offers of technology.
"And I say, 'Oh great, come visit us, see how we operate. And they do not.' "
This is a problem, Zakharia says, because based on her interviews, ed-tech isn't necessarily what existing schools need or are asking for.
For example, in many settings with Syrian refugee children, there is electricity one hour a day at best, so keeping devices charged can be a problem. "If you don't have the resources to build latrines or to pay teachers, I mean ... investing in technology isn't well placed," another interviewee told the researchers.
In addition to the desire to help, many of the business donors Zakharia interviewed talked about the financial motivations behind their initiatives, such as improving their brand image, breaking into the lucrative, untapped Middle East market, and testing new innovations. The idea of dual motivation is nothing new for corporate philanthropy, of course. But, says Zakharia, there is always a risk when these business motives come into play.
"What happens when the initiative is not seen as profitable? Education is a very long-term commitment."
Jeddah
The first commercial flight to land at the new King Abdul Aziz International Airport in Jeddah has signaled Wednesday a major milestone for the facility, due to open early next year.
Operations are being phased in at the airport, with the commercial flight welcomed by a General Authority of Civil Aviation (GACA) senior management team on Wednesday.
The airport's “soft launch” will be completed in four phases to ensure it is fully functional and employees are fully trained ahead of the facility's official opening early next year.
When it opens the airport will operate 46 gates, but during the soft launch a limited number of flights will be managed through six gates.
Additional gates will open in line with the growth in capacity, with a focus on passenger security and safety.
The GACA's approach is designed to avoid issues faced by other international airports that opened for operations before they were ready.
Abdulhakim bin Muhammad Al-Tamimi, GACA's president, said: “The new airport is a major milestone for Saudi Arabia and will help meet the goals of Vision 2030 to support and drive the Kingdom's economic development. The airport provides a platform that will allow the Kingdom to play a greater role as a regional hub for transport and logistics services, and support the growing number of pilgrims to the Two Holy Mosques.”
Referring to the phasing in of operations, Al-Tamimi said this was a responsible approach adopted by most major infrastructure projects in the world.
“Delivering world-class security, safety and customer experience for all our passengers is at the heart of the vision of new GACA and we will achieve this by testing facilities in a controlled and disciplined manner.
“Our measure of success is not to have everything running perfectly on day one but to ensure that we are prepared for the full operational launch in 2019,” he said.
Al-Tamimi expressed his gratitude to King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman for their support of the civil aviation sector and the new airport.
He also thanked Makkah Gov. Prince Khalid Al-Faisal and Makkah Deputy Gov. Prince Abdullah bin Bandar for their help in completing operational requirements at the airport. The new airport will be a world-class resource and “a projection of the Kingdom's ambitions to the world,” Al-Tamimi said.—Agencies
YERUSHALAYIM -
Thursday, May 31, 2018 at 3:01 am |
Former head of the Mossad, Tamir Pardo. (Haim Zach/GPO, File)
Former Mossad Director Tamir Pardo said in an interview that Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu in 2011 had ordered the IDF to a state of alert for a potential attack on Iran – and that the attack could come as soon as 15 days after he issued that ordered, Pardo told Channel 12. Asked by interviewer Ilana Dayan if he believed Netanyahu was serious, Pardo said that he did, because “this is not something you do for practice or to test the army's capabilities. Either you are sending a signal, or you mean it.”
Pardo said that he was opposed to the order, and told Netanyahu so. He also considered resigning his post. “When the political echelon makes a decision, you have two choices – one is to carry it out, and the other is to walk away. I am happy I never followed through on that, although I did consider it.”
In the interview, Pardo also revealed that he had undertaken to determine if the prime minister even had the authority to send the army to war, or to make a decision that would cause a war. “I examined the issue as much as I could, I checked with previous heads of the Mossad and conferred with many senior people. In matters like these, you have to rely on your ministers and advisers. When a prime minister starts the countdown to war, I am supposed to follow through. But I have to be sure that if something goes wrong that I did not do something illegal.”
Pardo said he believes that Netanyahu's intention was not to start a war with Iran, but to intimidate the Islamist state into backing down from its development of nuclear weapons. In the end, Netanyahu backed down from the plan, due to the opposition from himself and others, Pardo said. Had the plan gone through, Israel would “definitely” have been at war with Iran, Pardo added.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
DUNMORE — Gavin Darcy had plenty of time in the pocket. The Dunmore quarterback was just waiting for Steve Borgia to shake loose from his defender.
Borgia sprinted past a Susquehanna defensive back, and Darcy unleashed a deep pass. It landed in the wide-open Borgia's hands, and after a couple bobbles, he hauled it in for a 61-yard touchdown on the first-team offense's final play of the game midway through the second quarter.
Darcy hit on all but one pass for 113 yards and two touchdowns, Frank Damiano scored twice and Billy Donvito once as the unbeaten Bucks rolled past Susquehanna, 35-0, in a Lackawanna Football Conference Division III game Friday night.
“That was an amazing feeling,” Darcy said. “I got to go off the field and be out for the game with a content feeling, knowing that I threw a touchdown the last play that I was in.”
Fourth-ranked Dunmore (7-0, 6-0 LFC Division III) posted its fourth straight shutout. The Bucks haven't allowed a point since Lakeland scored a touchdown with 9:48 to go in Week 3, and have allowed only six points in the first half this season: a West Scranton touchdown in the first quarter of the season.
Darcy marched the Bucks 66 yards on six plays on the first possession of the game, with Donvito running it in from seven yards out.
After Susquehanna (3-4, 2-4) forced a punt, Damiano took a dump off from Darcy 19 yards for a touchdown.
The next drive, Donvito's winding, 49-yard run set up Sean Pietruszkiewicz's 15-yard TD run to make it 21-0 just before the end of the first quarter.
“Billy had a great run,” Darcy said. “He juked out a bunch of players. He had an absolutely amazing game. And so did Frank, too. He scored a few touchdowns and he just wasn't going down.”
Borgia's TD reception made it 28-0 early in the second, then Damiano capped the scoring with a 27-yard run up the middle on fourth-and-5 with 1:10 to go in the first half.
Susquehanna had just 35 yards of offense. Billy Perry led the team with 22 yards rushing on 10 carries.
Contact the writer:
cfoley@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@RailRidersTT on Twitter
TORONTO — It's the final straw for plastic at Recipe Unlimited Corporation.
The restaurant giant, formerly known as Cara Operations, will start to ditch plastic straws at its 19 brands in August and replace them with compostable and biodegradable paper straws by the end of March 2019.
The company, which owns brands such as Harvey's, Swiss Chalet, Kelsey's and New York Fries, joins a growing group of Canadian restaurants and international food corporations that are phasing out the plastic drinking implements.
Recipe Unlimited, which has 1,382 restaurants, says compostable and biodegradable straws will automatically be provided with drink orders at its quick serve brands, including the Burgers Priest and St-Hubert. Paper straws will be available on request at its full-service restaurants like the Pickle Barrel, The Keg and Milestones.
"Straws are just one component of the work we're undertaking to eliminate single use plastics from our supply chain and shift to recyclable or compostable materials wherever possible," Frank Hennessey, Recipe Unlimited's chief executive officer, said in a statement.
A&W Canada said last month it would soon switch to paper straws, while Ikea Canada promised to phase out plastic straws by 2020. Plenty of local bars and dining establishments have made similar declarations.
McDonald's announced in June that it will switch to paper straws at all its locations in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and test an alternative to plastic ones in some of its U.S. restaurants later this year. However, a McDonald's Canada spokesman said it would monitor the trials in those countries before taking steps in Canada.
The shift comes amid global pressure from environmentalists demanding restaurants switch to compostable options in an effort to stop wildlife from getting stuck and injured by plastic and to prevent the material from littering coastlines and green spaces.
Experts say Canadians use about 57 million straws a day, but less than 20 per cent are recycled. They often recommend paper, metal or wood straws as alternatives.
However, plastic straw bans have also generated concerns among some people with disabilities who say they need them and worry that sweeping bans will have unintended consequences.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Officials say a man intentionally set fire to his downtown apartment, displacing more than 100 older and disabled residents in the high-rise Sunday.
Police charged Lamont Wright, 22, with arson.
No one was injured, and the fire was isolated to a single fifth-floor unit of Mulberry Tower Apartments at Mulberry Street and North Washington Avenue in Scranton, officials said.
Water damage spread to lower floors and, because crews cut power to the upper levels, firefighters with master keys canvassed the 13-story building's west wing to advise residents that they must leave for the night.
“Who else needs meds?” a firefighter called out from his post at the elevator. A number of residents, waiting for instructions in the crowded ground-floor lobby, moved toward him to get back to their rooms for medication and other necessities for the night away from home. Scranton Fire Chief Patrick DeSarno said he hoped at least a third of residents can return to their homes by today.
“If you go into the stairwells and the lower floors, there's a tremendous amount of water damage,” Scranton Mayor Bill Courtright said. “When they (firefighters) first got here, they didn't know the extent of the fire, so there's some damage to doors from them breaching doors in the upper floors.”
Helen Gonzalez sat in the lobby with her mother-in-law's pet pug, Rocky, grunting anxiously between her feet.
Her mother-in-law, Carmen Torres, 62, called her from the stairwell after the first alarms sounded.
“I thought she was playing a joke or something when she told me, ‘I'm in a fire,'” Gonzalez said. “She was there for a while, and when I got here, she was coming down with the firefighters. She's scared.”
Gonzalez said Torres would stay with her family.
Courtright said 50 residents will stay at United House Apartments, another apartment building nearby, and the American Red Cross is providing lodging for 40 more residents. About a dozen are Allied Services patients, and the Scranton-based health system is providing accommodations for them, the mayor said.
Mulberry Tower has about 200 apartment units, but the east wing was not affected, officials said.
Scranton police closed Mulberry Street's 400 block to traffic for most of Sunday night. A fleet of vans idled outside, waiting to ferry passengers to their temporary housing.
Sunday's outcome stands in stark contrast to a fire at a similar apartment building last week in Wilkes-Barre. Fire Tuesday on the fifth floor of Lincoln Plaza at Wilkes-Barre Boulevard and East Northampton Street claimed the lives of two women who died of smoke inhalation and carbon monoxide poisoning.
Contact the writer:
joconnell@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9131;
@jon_oc on Twitter
Over the last few decades football's championship game, the Super Bowl, has surpassed baseball's World Series as America's premiere sporting event. In fact, the Super Bowl has now transcended its status as a mere athletic contest to become a great national celebration on a par with many of our political and state holidays. A two-week build-up of massive media coverage leads into a day of partying, overeating, drinking, wagering, and the (anti-) climax of a football game itself. As we should expect, an event of such tremendous national importance has engendered its own unique set of legends, legends that express a number of our national values. Anthropologist Alan Dundes has noted that “Super Bowl legends usually involve numbers and a sense of enormity. The idea of big numbers, of being bigger than other people, is very American.”
Here is our review of some of the more popular legends and rumors associated with the Super Bowl:
1) Quarterback Speak
The story about a Super Bowl reporter who cluelessly asked Washington Redskins quarterback Doug Williams “How long have you been a black quarterback?” is an apocryphal one, but some people will never be convinced that it didn't happen.
2) Super Bull Sunday
The claim that more women are victims of domestic violence on Super Bowl Sunday than on any other day of the year is also an apocryphal one, but it took root in the run-up to the 1993 Super Bowl and is now enshrined as an unshakable belief in many people's minds.
3) The Bell Curve
JAG actress Catherine Bell remarkably predicted the winner and exact score of the 2002 Super Bowl prior to the start of the 2001 NFL season. Or did she?
4) Crash Course
A rise in automobile accidents supposedly occurs in the aftermath of the Super Bowl every year. Why?
5) Flushed Out
You hear it said all the time: Sewage systems of major cities have broken due to the tremendous number of toilets being flushed simultaneously at halftime of the Super Bowl. Has that ever really happened?
6) I Am Legend
Did the 2007 Will Smith film I Am Legend do Catherine Bell one better by correctly anticipating the results of the 2008 Super Bowl?
In this Feb. 9 photo, graffiti artist Yulier Rodriguez Perez poses with one of his works, painted on a wall in Old Havana, Cuba. (AP-Yonhap)
The whimsical designs of the graffiti artist with the signature Yulier P. began to appear randomly on walls around Havana three years ago. The first ones were large abstract renderings of rabbits, their floppy ears outlined in black against chipped concrete.Now, there is hardly a neighborhood in the Cuban capital where you can't find one of the sprawling works of Yulier P. They include enormous gaping mouths 2 yards (meters) high, or flowers mixed either with the image of a woman or in the hands of a child.The works of the 27-year-old artist, whose full name is Yulier Rodriguez Perez, are striking not just for their artistry and ubiquity, but that they exist at all in a place where graffiti is rare and nearly all posters and murals feature political slogans or revolutionary figures. His art stands out not only for being different, but for its sly sense of social criticism.“It is important to me that the urban artist expresses himself freely, not restricted by anyone, whether it's a gallery or the government,” Rodriguez said in an interview with the Associated Press.Cuba has long had a thriving art scene and in recent years there has been a boom for works by some of the island's most famous painters, including Manuel Mendive, Roberto Fabelo and Nelson Dominguez.But Rodriguez did not emerge from the artistic establishment.He was born in the central province of Camaguey, where he said he tried without success to get a formal art education. Instead, he learned on his own with local teachers, participating in community workshops and using his own walls for a canvas. He said he sees his work as a political and social statement.“The urban artist questions society and politics, the realities of life in the streets,” which for him includes a sense of helplessness and frustration over the daily struggles that may not fit with the image many have of Cuba.While he does not have the government's endorsement, he seems to be tolerated. Rodriguez said that the police have never interfered with his work and have kept others from vandalizing his art. He has, though, been questioned by state security agents about work they considered overtly political.“It's not that I'm against the system,” he said. “I am in favor of a system that works for the people. ... The good and the bad are aspects of the truth.”He has not catalogued his paintings, which typically take about 40 minutes to complete, but estimates that he's done around 150, mostly in Havana.The works are often welcomed by people in Havana as a diversion from the sometimes drab cityscape.Osmel Ochoa, a 40-year resident of the rundown section of Old Havana known as Belen, is an admirer. “It's a new style for me but people enjoy it in inhospitable places,” said Ochoa. “They should be everywhere.” (AP)
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning (Dec. 10), the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event, which will honor 2017's best in film and television.
Related: Snoop Dogg, Carrie Underwood, Mary J. Blige, Ice-T, Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound. In addition to a Best Song nomination for “Mighty River,” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress. The singer's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year.
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “The Star,” her contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name. “This Is Me” from The Greatest Showman, “Remember Me” from Coco and “Home” from Ferdinand round out the category. “Home” was performed by Nick Jonas.
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score, for Phantom Thread composition.
Director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of the Water led this year's Globe nominations with seven. Steven Spielberg's Watergate drama The Post earned six, along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
PHILADELPHIA — Caleb Wood scored 14 points and Penn moved to 5-0 in Ivy League play by holding off Yale, 59-50 on Saturday night.
The Quakers have hosted Brown and Yale on the same weekend 59 times in its history. They swept the two-game series for the 39th time after beating the Bears 95-90 in overtime Friday night. Penn has beaten Yale 106 times in 133 meetings.
Penn took a 31-25 lead into intermission, and Ryan Betley opened the second half by drilling a 3 and Max Rothschild converted at the basket to make it 36-25.
Antonio Woods finished with 13 points for Penn (15-6, 5-0). Betley added 12 points and Rothschild 10, and AJ Brodeur pulled down nine boards.
Eric Thames is making Milwaukee Brewers general manager David Stearns look like a genius. He's making a lot of fantasy owners very happy. And he's definitely making major league pitchers look bad right now. He's the feel-good story of the season's first two weeks.
The first baseman went 3-for-4 with his seventh home run in the Brewers' 6-3 victory over the Cubs on Monday. He's hitting .405, slugging 1.000 and leads the majors in home runs while becoming the second player in Brewers history -- Jeromy Burnitz, step on over -- to homer in five consecutive games. Since the headline on this column is "Real or not?" the obvious question: Is Eric Thames for real? My short answer: I believe so.
Do you ever wonder what the MLB home run lead looks like? Here you go courtesy of @EricThames! #ThisIsMyCrew #MILatChC pic.twitter.com/JeceG5Je20 — Milwaukee Brewers (@Brewers) April 18, 2017
Thames played in the majors with the Blue Jays and Mariners in 2011-12, and he did show some power, hitting 21 home runs in 633 at-bats. But he hit .250 with a low OBP and was a below-average outfielder. He spent the next season in the minors, then went to Korea. He was so good there, hitting .348 with 124 home runs in 388 games, that the fans nicknamed him "God." He had his own line of watches and wore a bright gold elbow protector. You'd think more teams would be interested in a player nicknamed God, but the Brewers signed him for three years and $16 million, chump change in today's game.
Before the season, Stearns had said "there is a wide range of outcomes" with the Thames, but the statistical models forecast solid numbers (ZiPS projected .247/.321/.493 with 26 home runs). And you can bet the Brewers relied on similar models as well as the scouting reports that showed Thames had revamped his swing. The most impressive thing early on has been Thames' Joey Votto-like approach at the plate, swinging rarely (38.3 percent of the time) and rarely chasing out of the zone (15.5 percent). Compare that to 2011-2012 Thames:
2011-2012: 50.0% swing rate, 26.5% miss rate, 34.8% chase rate
2017: 38.3% swing rate, 25.3% miss rate, 15.5% chase rate
The change in approach looks like the big key. Once a hacker, now he's seeking out only pitches over the plate. Check out his plate coverage so far:
ESPN Tru Media
For the Brewers, it was exactly the kind of signing a rebuilding team should try. They non-tendered Chris Carter, who hit 41 home runs last year, but in Carter you had a player who didn't provide much value even with all those home runs. So why not try a lottery ticket? Meanwhile, look at what some playoff contenders are doing at first base. Toronto elected to go with Justin Smoak yet again even though he's never been good; Thames has as many home runs as all of the Blue Jays. The Red Sox gave $5.5 million to Mitch Moreland, who is off to a nice start but was terrible last season with a .293 OBP; Thames has more home runs than all of the Red Sox. The Mariners are trying their luck with Danny Valencia. The Astros went with Yuli Gurriel, who looks overmatched with one extra-base hit and one walk so far. It appears Thames would have made all those teams better.
How impressive is #Brewers Eric Thames (.405, 7 HRs) Says Ryan Braun: Its as good as anybody I've ever seen at baseball for a 2 week period. — Bob Nightengale (@BNightengale) April 18, 2017
This may not be the year the New York Yankees finish under .500. With a 7-4 win over the White Sox, the Yankees have now won eight in a row, all at home -- the first time they've won their first eight home games since 1998. Aaron Judge slugged his fourth home run and is hitting .275/.356/.650.
I wasn't sure Judge was ready to contribute after he struggled during his initial call-up to the majors last year, when he hit .179 with 42 strikeouts in 95 plate appearances. He's cut his strikeout rate from 44.2 percent to 28.9 percent, and if he can keep that under 30 percent, he's going to be a productive hitter. While Judge was blown away in the majors, his strikeout rate at Triple-A was 24 percent, which in turn was down from a 27 percent rate at Double-A and Triple-A in 2015. The point here is that while Judge has a reputation as a big swing-and-miss guy, his minor league K rates aren't horrible. Compare him to Joey Gallo, who had a 35 percent K rate at Triple-A.
I wonder if Matt Holliday has been a positive influence as well as a big guy with a patient approach who can take Judge under his wing. A couple of years ago, Judge told me at the Futures Game how Alex Rodriguez had been helpful in spring training, explaining how pitchers will attack a bigger guy. Holliday can continue that mentoring.
Mookie Betts versus Byron Buxton, a quick scientific study. Five days ago, Betts was hitting .150 and fighting the flu. Now he's hitting .325! This is why you never overreact to the first few weeks of the season. Anyway, that's now why I bring up Mookie. He's gone 123 regular-season plate appearances since his last strikeout, in the sixth inning last Sept. 12. (He did strike out once in the postseason and three times in spring training, but the record books consider only the regular season for these things. Don't yell at me; that's just the way it is.)
That's the longest streak in the majors since Juan Pierre of the Marlins went 147 plate appearances without a strikeout in 2004. Betts' streak is also the longest for a Red Sox player since Denny Doyle went 159 PAs in 1975. I vaguely remember Doyle; he was no Betts. Sarah Langs of ESPN Stats & Info reports that since Mookie's last whiff, four players have fanned at least 40 times: Byron Buxton, 49; Randal Grichuk, 44; Danny Espinosa, 44; Chris Davis, 41.
Ichiro returns to Seattle. Ichiro Suzuki made his second start of the season, and Mariners fans rewarded him with a standing ovation his first time up.
Ichiro will forever receive a standing ovation in Seattle: https://t.co/F09ne45JlB pic.twitter.com/Wq0isySt2L — MLB (@MLB) April 18, 2017
OK, this is all really just an excuse to run one of my favorite videos ever, when "Fake Ichiro" interfered with a fair ball back in 2011:
After I posted that on Twitter, however, I was told by @IchiroReport that this wasn't even the real Fake Ichiro. Apparently, there is a more famous Fake Ichiro in Japan called "Nichoro." So the guy in the video was only a fake "Fake Ichiro."
I love baseball.
With under a minute left in the game, the Jaguars and Seahawks get into a scuffle filled with ejections. (0:42)
No Seattle Seahawks players will be suspended for their actions at the end of Sunday's game against the Jacksonville Jaguars, although the NFL is still reviewing the melee under the standard process, a league official told ESPN's Adam Schefter.
The episode occurred during a heated finish to the game, won by the Jaguars 30-24. It included fights on consecutive plays as Jacksonville was kneeling to run out the clock and Seattle's defensive linemen continued their rush at full strength.
Editor's Picks Seahawks DL Jefferson tries to confront fan Seahawks defensive lineman Quinton Jefferson had to be pulled back while trying to confront a fan in the stands Sunday at the end of a loss in Jacksonville.
After the first play, Seahawks defensive Michael Bennett and Jaguars center Brandon Linder wrestled each other on the ground. Jaguars running back Leonard Fournette shoved Bennett during the ensuing melee. Those two were also flagged for unnecessary roughness while Seattle's Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch.
Seahawks defensive lineman Quinton Jefferson was ejected on the next play. It isn't clear what Jefferson did to earn the ejection. Jefferson then briefly attempted to climb the railings to confront a fan after beer was thrown at him from the stands.
Jefferson was running off the field after being ejected when a drink was thrown at him from the stands. He turned back and began arguing with fans who were wearing clothes with Jaguars logos.
When more drinks were thrown at him, including one that nearly hit his head, Jefferson rushed toward the railing and began climbing it. A member of the Seahawks' equipment staff pulled him off. Several other Seahawks staffers escorted him into the tunnel.
The Seahawks' Quinton Jefferson tried to climb into the stands Sunday after beer and objects were thrown at him as he was leaving the field. AP Photo/Stephen B. Morton
"Folks in the stands was throwing beer and throwing soda, whatever. I mean, I don't know what I'm supposed to do," said Jefferson, a second-year player. "I'm a human just like anybody else. I'm a man just like the other man in the stands. I'm not going to let somebody disrespect me, throw a beer on me.
"Just because I'm playing football, I'm still a human being. I'm still a man. I'm out there playing a game, and at the end of the day, it's a game, and I'm a man. I'm not going to let somebody disrespect me like that."
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll ran all the way to the middle of the field after the second fight, which he said was to "make a statement to our guys so we didn't finish with any more garbage happening out there."
Carroll received an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty for running onto the field. He said he realized the game was decided by that point.
ESPN's Brady Henderson contributed to this report.
THE nation is celebrating its independence with a difference this year as it marks completion of 70 years of creation of Pakistan and there is greater involvement of masses in celebrations than before. This shows greater awareness among people about blessings of independence and sovereignty, which augurs well for unity and solidarity of the country.
Government has made elaborate arrangements to mark the Independence Day in a befitting manner including launching of the Azadi Train that would travel throughout the country to spread the message of progress and hope; national flag-hoisting ceremony and scores of other functions by different ministries, divisions, departments and organisations. Participation of the Vice Premier of China in the Independence Day celebrations was an added dimension to this year's festivities and this signified deep-rooted ties between the two friends and neighbours. It was all the more important to note that the large-scale participation by the masses meant increase in economic activity as well because one could see stalls selling day related articles in every street, road and market. However, one thing was quite obvious that even after 70 years of independence, the country was as fragile and instable as it was at the time of partition. The country has surely progressed in many respects as monumental developmental activities are witnessed in every nook and corner of Pakistan, Gilgit-Baltistan, FATA and Azad Kashmir. Yet Pakistan, being the only Muslim nuclear power, would have scaled more heights if there was no political instability and turmoil caused by clash of interests among institutions. Except for hybrid governments, no democratically elected Prime Minister could complete his or her term, no elected government enjoyed complete freedom of action and policies and even political actors remain mostly at loggerheads. The lack of continuity not only harmed economic progress and development but also fractured national unity and solidarity and made the country vulnerable to foreign pressure. All this is agonising for patriotic Pakistanis and particularly on the occasion of Independence Day as founder of the country did not visualise the type of Pakistan that we see today. During last seventy years the country was governed through transitory arrangements and the practice doesn't seem to end in near future. This is food for thought for all Pakistanis.
Related
Prime Minister Theresa May has announced a snap general election.
There was anticipation over the unexpected statement outside Downing Street, which is only used for major announcements.
She will now need to get the backing of two thirds of MPs in the House of Commons tomorrow, Wednesday, to overturn the Fixed Term Parliament Act meaning the next General Election must be 2020.
The Prime Minister used to a statement in Downing Street to set out the case for going back on her previous pledge there would be no election ahead of 2020.
Mrs May said the lack of “unity” in Westminster over the Brexit process was weakening the Government's negotiating hand with Brussels and meant an election was required.
“We need a General Election and we need one now,” she said.
Explaining the timing, Mrs May said it would coincide with the European Union leaders finalising their Brexit negotiating position and come before full talks begin.
Under the terms of the Fixed Term Parliament Act, MPs will have to vote for an early election in Parliament tomorrow.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said: “This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous Hard Brexit. If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market. If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
“Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said he welcomed Mrs May's announcement because it gave “the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first”.
“Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a Government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS. In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country. We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain.”
More to follow...
Yerevan /Mediamax/. Prime Minister of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan has appointed deputy ministers.
Nazeni Gharibyan was appointed as Deputy Minister of Culture.
Makar Ghambaryan and Gabriel Balayan were appointed as Deputy Defense Ministers.
Ruben Rubinyan was appointed as Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Prime Minister Pashinyan has also made a decision to release several officials of their duties in accordance with their letters of resignation.
The following officials have left their positions: Head of State Service for Food Safety of the Ministry of Agriculture Ishkhan Karapetyan, acting Deputy Minister of Emergency Situations Enriko Apriamov, acting Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Robert Harutyunyan.
James Batchelor UK Editor Friday 6th October 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Bethesda Softworks
Bethesda is marketing the new Wolfenstein by directly attacking the apparent rise of the alt-right and neo-nazis in the US.
Having already established the #NoMoreNazis, the official Twitter account posted a striking 'Not My America' short trailer with the message: Make America Nazi-Free Again.
Pete Hines, VP for PR and marketing at Bethesda, explains this marketing approach.
"We're certainly aware of current events in America and how they relate to some of the themes in Wolfenstein II," he tells GamesIndustry.biz.
"Wolfenstein has been a decidedly anti-Nazi series since the first release more than 20 years ago. We aren't going to shy away from what the game is about. We don't feel it's a reach for us to say Nazis are bad and un-American, and we're not worried about being on the right side of history here."
As Hines says, Wolfenstein games have always centred around a man helping to save the world from Nazi oppression. The upcoming Wolfenstein II, which launches at the end of the month, continues the alternate history story of 2014 outing The New Order and moves the action to a Nazi-occupied America.
As BJ Blazkowicz, players rally a resistance and attempt to liberate the nation - putting the anti-Nazi theme seen in the game's timely marketing at the centre of the game.
"[In the game] freeing America is the first step to freeing the world," says Hines. "So the idea of #NoMoreNazis in America is, in fact, what the entire game (and franchise) is about. Our campaign leans into that sentiment, and it unfortunately happens to highlight current events in the real world."
Hines is in no way claiming that Bethesda was somehow prescient enough to foresee the troubling events happening in the US and build a game around them. Wolfenstein II's American setting was established when the previous game was still in early development, when the team was planning out the trilogy's story arc.
"We don't feel it's a reach for us to say Nazis are bad and un-American, and we're not worried about being on the right side of history here"
"At the time none of us expected that the game would be seen as a comment on current issues, but here we are," Hines says. "Bethesda doesn't develop games to make specific statements or incite political discussions. We make games that we think are fun, meaningful, and immersive for a mature audience.
"In Wolfenstein's case, it's pure coincidence that Nazis are marching in the streets of America this year. And it's disturbing that the game can be considered a controversial political statement at all."
The marketing, particularly the #NoMoreNazis tagline, has caused a stir and prompted complaints about both the game and Bethesda via social media, but Hines defends the marketing message.
"This is what our game is about," he says. "It's what this franchise has always been about. We aren't afraid to embrace what BJ stands for and what Wolfenstein represents. When it comes to Nazis, you can put us down in the 'against' column."
"There's a risk of alienating customers, but people who are against freeing the world from the hate and murder of a Nazi regime probably playing Wolfenstein"
While thoroughly explored in the indie space, political themes and topical issues rarely find their way into AAA blockbusters. As Hines says, this has not been intentional in the case of Wolfenstein - merely a bi-product of the franchise's fiction - but other publishers have attempted to achieve something more with their biggest games.
2K Games' Mafia III aimed to present an honest depiction of racism in the '60s, while Ubisoft's upcoming Far Cry 5 is arguably positioned as an exploration of extremist cults. But these examples are few and far between - aside from the obvious risk of alienating players and affecting sales, why does Hines believe fewer publishers take risks with the themes of their games?
"We can't speak to what other publishers choose to do and say with their games," he says. "As we've said many times before, fighting Nazis has been the core of Wolfenstein games for decades, and it isn't really debatable that Nazis are, as Henry Jones Sr. said, 'the slime of humanity.' Certainly there's a risk of alienating some customers, but to be honest, people who are against freeing the world from the hate and murder of a Nazi regime probably aren't interested in playing Wolfenstein."
That said, he is keen to see more developers - of all sizes - build games around any issue they believe to be worth exploring.
"Games are a powerful platform to explore all kinds of topics," he says. "Their ability to immerse players in an alternate role, in an alternate world, like Wolfenstein's Nazi-infested America, allows players to actually feel and experience the emotions of the situation.
"Games like BioShock and This War of Mine have been expressive and powerful experiences that reflected topical issues and politics, and the video game industry is a more well-rounded and thoughtful medium because of them."
Carrey has also targeted Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook, paid tribute to Stephen Hawking, drawn a crying President Abraham Lincoln and criticized the GOP tax plan with a sketch of House Speaker Paul D. Ryan.
Fox News, Breitbart and Daily Caller have all written about the cartoons over the past several months.
In a September 2017 interview with W Magazine, Carrey said it was cathartic to paint Trump, adding, "I think no one can really escape that aspect of life at this moment — the feeling of loss of control." And he likened tweeting and drawing political cartoons to having a part to play in an unwanted battle.
"Every day at some point there's pretty much a peaceful acceptance of what's going on in my life right now," he continued, "but I do also tune in to the Republican — what could I call on it? — war on logic, intelligence, and compassion at least once a day."
Carrey has been doing political cartoons "all along," he told the magazine. "When I was in grade six, my teacher confiscated a bunch of the cartoons I made in the back of class of her being mutilated by bombs and axes, dogs chewing her leg, whatever. And then she sent them back to me when I got famous. [Laughs.] She'd been saving them; she said she knew something was going on there."
But a lot of Carrey's art has nothing to do with the president. He's painted James Dean and babies and mad elephants. He uses bright and psychedelic colours. And not everyone is a fan. (Guardian art critic Jonathan Jones called Carrey "an astonishingly bad painter and sculptor.")
Jesus has been a frequent subject since his childhood.
"I'm not really about the historical person as much as I am the energy behind the person, but he's constantly coming up in my head," he told W. "... Jesus was a great soul and an amazing teacher."
In 2017, Carrey released a short documentary, "I Needed Color," that showed his fans how he threw himself into art.
"When I really started painting a lot, I became so obsessed that there was nowhere to move in my home," Carrey said. "Paintings were everywhere. They became part of the furniture. I was eating off them."
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP): Captain (Retd) Muhammad Safdar on Monday said Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf Chairman Imran Khan should face the same f accountability process which the former prime minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif and his family had faced.
Talking to newsmen outside the accountability court here, Captain Safdar said , “We are still appearing in courts as we respect the rule of law and the constitution.”
Terming Imran Khan a “fake captain,” he said, “I am a genuine military captain, whereas Imran is a fake tracksuit captain.”
Captain (Retd) Safdar said, if the opponents wanted to fight a political battle then the PML-N was very much ready to do so.
In a lighter mood, he said, “We played before and now it was opponents' term to face courts,” adding “We will not let Imran Khan escape.”
He said Imran Khan had never taken the courts seriously. He was dreaming to become the prime minister in the general election 2018, however his dream would never come true.
Oscar-winning A Fantastic Woman director Sebastián Lelio is back, with a new movie that also delves into LGBTQ+ issues. Disobedience, out April 27, tells a powerful story of Ronit, a formerly Orthodox Jewish woman who returns to the community that shunned her after the death of her father. This gives her the opportunity to reconnect with Esti, a childhood friend she was in love with. After finding out that Esti has conformed to a heterosexual marriage to remain in the community, Ronit encourages her to rekindle their romance and be true to herself, despite the consequences that come with it. The portrayal of what queer Orthodox Jewish people face may seem very realistic, but Disobedience is not based on a true story.
The movie is an adaptation of Naomi Alderman's debut novel of the same name, and it takes inspiration from the author's own experiences growing up in an Orthodox Jewish community. In a profile published by The Guardian, Alderman explained that living in New York allowed her to meet Orthodox gay and lesbian people, providing a new perspective for her. She noted that they shared “terrible stories: rabbis who said if you didn't marry and have children you were completing Hitler's work”.
Alderman delved deeper into her inspirations for Disobedience in an interview with Israeli newspaper Haaretz, where she said that the novel was not based on her own experiences but does present a very heartbreaking aspect of the lives of LGBTQ people within the Orthodox Jewish community. “Certainly the book is about places I have been in my life, so I have lived in the Orthodox community in Hendon, I have worked in Manhattan. But the events of the book didn't take place in my life, my parents are still alive, my father isn't a rabbi, and I'm afraid I've never had an affair with a married woman,” said Alderman.
The author also pointed out that it can be far more difficult for gay couples than lesbian couples in the Orthodox community. “Orthodoxy doesn't really have a lot to say about female relations. In a way it makes it easier because lesbianism isn't considered such an avera (transgression) as male homosexuality. I think it would have been a different book if I wrote it about two men, instead of two women,” Alderman told Haaretz.
Bleecker Street on YouTube
The film's trailer shows the battle between tradition and a desire for a sense of individuality, shown in the example of Rachel McAdams' character, Esti, removing her wig. In the Orthodox Jewish community, married women traditionally wear wigs. According to My Jewish Learning, this practice is not of biblical origin. “[The Mishnah in Ketuboth (7:6)] discusses behaviors that are grounds for divorce such as, ‘appearing in public with loose hair, weaving in the marketplace, and talking to any man' and calls these violations of Dat Yehudit, which means Jewish rule, as opposed to Dat Moshe, Mosaic rule.”
When Esti removes her wig, it becomes a radical way of rejecting her marriage. She takes it off as she kisses Ronit in private, symbolizing a rebellion against tradition. However, she puts it on when she's with her husband in public at all times, keeping that other side of herself secret. It becomes part of a bigger conversation about how queer people aren't granted the same opportunities of marriage and respect within certain communities, forcing them to choose between revealing who they really are and losing it all, or hiding parts of themselves to retain their place within their families and communities.
In the past year, there has been an influx of LGBTQ-centered movies, ranging from Call Me By Your Name to Lelio's own A Fantastic Woman. In this generation of film, writers are finally being given the opportunity to bring to light realistic storylines that don't fall under tragic tropes or stereotypes. Movies like Disobedience are vital in showing how not all communities are accepting of LGBTQ people, opening up the dialogue about what still needs to be accomplished for equality across the globe.
Shapovalov told reporters over the weekend that his “whole life has changed in the past five days.”
The Canadian lost to fourth-seeded German Alexander Zverev in Saturday's semifinals but still pocketed a cool $220,760 (U.S.) in prize money.
The 18-year-old left-hander from Richmond Hill, Ont., introduced himself to Canada last week with an exhilarating performance at the Rogers Cup in Montreal that included a victory over top-seeded Spanish legend Rafael Nadal.
An unexpected run to the semifinals of the Rogers Cup has rocketed Canada's newest tennis star up the world rankings.
Five things to know about Canada's rising tennis star Denis Shapovalov
“I don't even think I realize it yet,” he said. “I mean, it's a huge jump (in the rankings).”
The main question now is whether the Rogers Cup was a flash in the pan or a sign of bigger things to come.
Zverev, also one of the game's rising stars, predicted a long rivalry with the Canadian.
“I told him that this is just the first match of very many that we will play against him,” said Zverev, currently ranked 10th. “Hopefully a lot of other big matches, maybe in Grand Slams, maybe in finals of tournaments.
“On the other hand, I will say ‘Don't expect him to win U.S. Open in the next few months.' He still needs some time. This is I think the best tennis he played in his life. For him to play this level consistently, it might take him another two to three years.”
Zverev ended his first season as an 18-year-old ranked 83rd.
Shapovalov has spent most of his time since turning pro last year playing lower-tier Challenger events and was scheduled to play the Odlum Brown Vanopen in Vancouver this week. He withdrew Sunday, citing fatigue.
If he can maintain his ranking, he could be leaving the Challenger circuit behind altogether as he'll now have more opportunities to play top-level ATP events.
His next major task will be to qualify for the U.S. Open, which starts later this month in New York.
Milos Raonic, Canada's highest-ranked singles player, saw his ranking unchanged at No. 10 after a second-round loss in Montreal. Vancouver's Vasek Pospisil, who was eliminated in the first round last week, dropped three spots to No. 78.
Some parts of Nigeria have little or no access to the national grid, while in other areas electricity is only available for short and varying periods of the day. Even following reorganization and partial privatization, the national power company—formerly known as the National Electric Power Authority (NEPA) PLC—is still referred to by most Nigerians as “Never Expect Power Always, Please Light Candle.” Expensive diesel powered generators routinely provide industry and households with electricity. As Nigerians like to say, “When the generator comes on, the profits fly away.” Owning a small generator that produces enough power for a television, a small refrigerator, and perhaps to charge a cell phone, is a marker of middle class status.
Nigeria, with an estimated population of around two hundred million, generates remarkably little electricity. For example, on June 9, the country generated 2,572 megawatts (MW), lower than the estimated average daily production of four thousand MW during the 2007–2010 presidency of Umaru Yar'Adua. (The June 9 figure represents an extreme low; the Director General of Public Enterprises says the country now generates five thousand to seven thousand MW daily.) Power Africa, a U.S. initiative to promote public/private partnerships in the power sector, estimates that twenty million Nigerian households are without power. It also estimates that existing plants have more than twelve thousand MW in generation capacity, but a variety macroeconomic factors, including a lack of credit-worthy utilities and a weak regulatory regime, keep typical production around four thousand MW. Nigerians frequently mention that their country produces and consumes about as much electricity as Scotland's capital city, Edinburgh—home to less than half a million people.
The Buhari government successfully secured a one billion dollar credit line from the World Bank to improve access to electricity. The investment will focus on improving the distribution and transmission sectors; the government is also undertaking initiatives to reduce electricity theft. Some estimates claim as much as 40 percent of electricity revenue is lost to theft. The consequences of power shortages for Nigeria's economic development are well-understood; however, the causes of such shortages are complex. For example, while under-investment by the private sector plays a part, Nigeria also ranks low on international indices measuring ease of doing business—in part due to systemic corruption—thus discouraging foreign investment. Security issues and a history of poor government decisions have further hindered power generation. Hence, addressing electricity shortfalls in Nigeria requires a radical, difficult reform of the nation's political economy.
The original article by John Campbell at CFR.org
Google's Cloud Speech API, which has allowed developers to use Google's services to transcribe spoken words into text since its launch in 2016, is getting a major update today.
The most interesting of these is probably the addition of support for 30 new languages on top of the 89 languages the service already understood (though, to be fair, Google includes multiple regional variants of English, Spanish and Arabic in its total count). These new languages include the likes of Bengali, Latvian and Swahili and, according to Google, cover about a billion speakers.
On top of this, Google also introduced a few new core features to the service. Among This is support for word-level timestamps. The idea here is to tag every word with its timestamp so that developers can, for example, easily allow their users to hear who a given word sounded like. That's especially interesting for human-augmented transcription and translation services that use this API to speed up their workflows. “Having the ability to map the audio to the text with timestamps significantly reduces the time spent proofreading transcripts,” says Happy Scribe co-founder, André Bastie, whose company uses the service for its $0.10/minute interview transcription service
The kind of files that developers upload to the service can now also be up to 3 hours long — up from 80 minutes in the previous version. Developers can also ask for a quota extension to upload files that are even longer.
Like before, developers can get 60 minutes of free audio processing through the Speech API and every additional 15 seconds is billed at $0.006.
Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa who fell sick at the youth rally in Gwanda on Saturday is now hospitalised in South Africa according to President Robert Mugabe. He said this during his address at the national Heroes Acre where Mnangagwa was conspicuous by his absence. insiderzim 3:51:00 PM CEST
After the Giants' 30-10 loss to the Cowboys, ESPN's Jordan Raanan says New York has to figure out their best plan at quarterback moving forward. (0:51)
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Eli Apple was benched earlier this season. The New York Giants didn't want to use that specific word. They talked and danced around the situation as if they were a running back searching for a hole behind the offensive line.
It is what it is, though. The cornerback, the No. 10 pick in last year's draft, didn't start because of his off-the-field actions.
The Giants (2-11) might want to use some other term, but when a player doesn't start because of his actions or behavior, it's called a benching.
Fast-forward several weeks and Apple continues to be inactive. The Giants have used different excuses. This week, they blamed his not playing Sunday in a 30-10 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on a lack of practice reps.
Eli Apple has not played in a month, seeming to have fallen out of favor. Kim Klement/USA TODAY Sports
“Yeah, Eli. I talked with Eli. We deactivated him [Sunday],” interim coach and defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo said after the game. “The decision there was because he just didn't get enough reps during the week. I talked with him earlier. He's going to be ready to go next week, and hopefully we're up and running.”
The way this season has unfolded has to put Apple's future in doubt, especially with the general manager who drafted him no longer around. Jerry Reese was fired last week, and the Giants are starting Ross Cockrell and Brandon Dixon at cornerback while keeping their former first-round pick inactive.
It's not as if the Giants don't need healthy cornerbacks. Dixon was on the practice squad two weeks ago. Darryl Morris is playing after being picked up off the scrap heap several weeks back.
Apple was listed throughout the week with hip/back injuries. He didn't practice Wednesday and Thursday and was a limited participant on Friday. A lack of practice reps didn't land defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul (finger) or running back Orleans Darkwa (illness) on the active list. It KO'd Apple for yet another week.
It's disconcerting for any starter, not to mention a recent top-10 pick. The second-year cornerback said after the loss that he wasn't allowed to talk with the media. Apple even retweeted something about Cowboys running back Rod Smith icing the game with an 81-yard touchdown reception. (The two were teammates at Ohio State.)
There have clearly been problems with Apple this season. One source said he's disliked within the organization. That would make sense given he has been shelved the past four weeks and has started only seven games this season.
What you need to know in the NFL
• Statistics
• Scoreboard
• 2017 schedule, results
• Standings
Apple's antics have worn thin with the team and his teammates over the course of his second season. There was a report several weeks back that he threatened to leave the facility after being called out in a “brutally honest” team meeting following a loss to the San Francisco 49ers. There were two plays mentioned in which his effort was questioned. One was a punt return for which he barely blocked his man and jogged down the field.
Apple called at least part of the report “lies.” He then dealt with a personal issue that forced him to miss practice time and suffered a hip injury during practice and hasn't played since.
Spagnuolo said Apple should be back next week.
“That's the hope,” he said. “That's the hope.”
Until the Giants come up with another excuse to keep him out of the lineup.
(Yonhap)
(Visa)
South Korea, China, and Southeast Asian countries are sh owing active movements to adopt new ways of payment involving devices, such as smartphones and smartwatches, a survey showed recently.The survey was conducted by global card payment company Visa Thursday on 10,500 adults from 13 Asia-pacific countries that revealed their receptivity to new payment technologies.Respondents from Korea (87 percent), China (90 percent), and six Southeast Asian countries (85 percent) said that they were willing to try out making payments through mobile and wearable devices.On the other hand, only 28 percent from Japan showed a positive response. Out of the Japanese respondents, 56 percent said that they were satisfied with the conventional payment methods and 32 percent said that they were worried about the safety of the new system.Regarding their willingness to provide more personal information to increase the convenience of the payment methods, 71 percent from Vietnam and Indonesia said that they would, followed by 70 percent from Thailand and 66 percent from South Korea. Only 16 percent from Japan agreed to do so.By Yim Ji-min( jiminy@heraldcorp.com
The Creagh/Carr Review gives you two bites of the cherry – the opinions of seasoned hackette Bev Creagh and flamboyant young newshound Stewart Carr. Here they talk about Sunset Boulevard, at Milton Keynes Theatre until Saturday December 2.
CREAGH SAYS ... Sunset Boulevard is the iconic story of fading silent movie star Norma Desmond – originally played by Gloria Swanson in the 1950 Billy Wilder movie and most recently reprised in the West End by Glenn Close.
Aspiring scriptwriter Joe Gillis stumbles into her world when he's escaping his creditors and she sees him as a conduit to returning to her former glory.
With music by Andrew Lloyd Webber and an exceptionally talented cast – including Strictly star Danny Mac as the hapless Joe – this should be a stunning production.
Ria Jones in the leading role has a formidable CV and a powerful voice, but somehow fails to capture the essentially ethereal and vulnerable side of Norma. She's chunky and in your face and you don't really get how Joe can be seduced by her – in spite of her one-time glamour and connections – when he's clearly in love with movie script reader Betty Schaeffer, a delightfully ingenue performance from Molly Lynch.
Adam Pearce as Norma's chauffeur (subsequently unveiled as her husband Max Von Meyerling – the man who discovered her as a teenage starlet and propelled her to stardom) is another strong character who almost steals the show with his surprisingly rich voice.
Having a live orchestra is always a bonus and musical director Adrian Kirk's 16-strong team certainly add to the sense of occasion, as does the set – no production of Sunset Boulevard would be complete without a fabulous staircase and this is no exception.
Of course it all ends in tears, the deluded Norma shooting Joe when he tells her she's finished, her fan letters are all written by the devoted Max and Cecil B de Mille is really not interested in her return.
I remained curiously unmoved by her meltdown, yet Ria Jones was given a standing ovation by the first night audience.
Go see for yourself – it's certainly great entertainment and a window on a world that's increasingly in the spotlight, thanks to Harvey Weinstein and co.
CARR SAYS ... A mainstay of broadway – with one of the most coveted leading roles among actresses – Sunset Boulevard is as steeped in legend as the long-lost movie star whose story it unfolds.
And with expectations that high, the show doesn't fail to deliver the goods ... for the most part.
Danny Mac shines as the down-on-his-luck, Hollywood playwright Joe Gillis, literally begging for work from studios. It's while on the run from creditors that he ends up landing at a creepy mansion tucked away on Sunset Boulevard - the home of legendary silent movie actress Norma Desmond.
I was a bit disappointed the lead role. Ria Jones's robust eccentric is more like Liza Minelli than it is the haunting Norma Desmond - a part imbued with mystique and vulnerability. While Jones has a booming singing voice, there's not enough coquetry in the delivery of her lines and it's not until the very end, when the plot necessitates it, that we get a good, hefty dose of craziness.
But the main requirements are there, gorgeous sets and costumes, powerful performances from Danny Mac and Adam Pearce as butler Max, and a strong ensemble of all-singing, all-dancing supporting cast - representing the ocean of fame-hungry unknowns in Hollywood destined for obscurity.
Whatever my barbs, the crowd loved it and gave it one of the many standing ovations it has enjoyed during its run.
Sunset Boulevard plays at MK Theatre until Saturday, December 2. See here for tickets.
Ahyousha Khan
IN 2018, the world is more concerned about nuclear issues that the Trump administration is generating whether it is regarding fast growing capabilities of North Korea or infamous Nuclear Posture Review by residing government in Capitol Hill. The focus of all nuclear issues around the globe is the US, which is of the view that its total inventory of 6800 nuclear warheads is not enough to deter North Korea whose total stock of nuclear weapon is not more than 2 dozen.
With all the limelight on the US, continuous and rapid nuclearization by South Asian dark horse is ignored completely. May be this ignorance is a pathway provided to India, to sail freely in the ocean of arms buildup to seize every possible opportunity. India is also not shy of taking advantage of deliberate ignorance of international community on arms race in South Asia. It is improving its nuclear arsenals inventory with rapid speed before Trump administration loses its charm of capturing wider attention. By giving hype to Trump administration's foolish ideas many international issues of significance are sidelined which requires a lot more attention and efforts for greater peace. One of the most important issues is arms race in South Asia and inability of conflicting parties to control it. Year 2018 is also not very different for South Asia's nuclear pattern, that started two months ago and so far, one side has tested 5 missiles including 4 nuclear capable missile tests and one anti-tank missile tests. This series of test were started by India with rather big explosion by testing its intercontinental ballistic missile Agni V. Agni V is a three-stage solid fueled missile with an estimated operational range of 5,500 to 5,800 km. it is capable of carrying 1,500 kilotons of nuclear payload and is declared as an Indian attempt to strive for credible minimum deterrence against China. Since 2012 it was fifth time Agni V was tested; it was a developmental test to induct ICBM into operational service.
After the test of ICBM Agni V in January 2018, India tested three more nuclear capable missiles in the month of February. On February 06, 2018, Agni-I which is a short range ballistic missile was tested fired by India's Strategic Force Command at annual training cycle to test the operational readiness of India's missile force. Range of Agni-I is 700 to 900 km and can be armed with 1000 kilograms of conventional or nuclear payload. After testing its long range and short-range missile systems India was not satisfied with the effect of these tests and went further ahead with some more display of its credible minimum deterrence. On the very next day of testing Agni-I, India test fired third nuclear capable ballistic missile of 2018. This time India's weapon of choice was surface to surface short range tactical ballistic missile with 350 km range which is single stage, liquid fuel missile capable of carrying 500-1000 kilogram of nuclear or conventional payload and is already in service since 2003.
Then on February 20, 2018 India again tested it's another nuclear capable ballistic missile Agni-II which is medium or intermediate range from Integrated Test Range on Abdul Kalam Island in Bay of Bengal. Agni-II is a two stage, solid fueled with estimated range of 2000-3000 km which can carry conventional or nuclear warhead of 1000 kilograms. Agni-II is considered as a backbone of India's land based deterrent force. Thus, it is road, rail mobile and according to media reports entire trajectory of trial was tracked with sophisticated radars, telemetry observation stations and two naval ships located near impact point in the down range area of Bay of Bengal. After tests of nuclear capable ballistic missiles ranging from ICBMs to short range, it was not enough and India went one step ahead in display of credibility of its nuclear arsenals and tested its third generation anti-tank guided missiles in desert condition against two tanks.
Testing its nuclear arsenals to display the credibility of its nuclear deterrence to ward off the enemy is the right of every state. However, India's display of its nuclear capability in such massive and fast manner must not be compared to credible minimum deterrence. As on India's part testing all kinds of nuclear missiles and hurrying to operationalize them is the quest for credible deterrence rather than credible minimum deterrence. When India's former National Security Advisor, Shivshankar Menon mentioned in his book “Inside the Making of India's Foreign Policy” that India's nuclear doctrine is much flexible than it is given the credit for, was right. So, even after testing 5 missiles India is linking credible minimum deterrence to military ambitiousness and declaring that these threats are its lowest possible efforts in response to the two tier threat originating from China and Pakistan Alarming in this regard is silence of international community that is preoccupied with issues Trump administration is causing to seek attention. Moreover, lack of interest by international spectators to resolve the issues in South Asia is triggering the arms race in the region. Another significant aspect of conflict resolution approach suggested by international scholars is the imposition of a lot of conditions on Pakistan which is not a sensible approach for attaining peace and stability as peace and stability are hardly acquired on the basis of discrimination.
— The writer is Research Associate at Strategic Vision Institute, a think-tank based in Islamabad.
The Sudden Impact Summer Basketball Clinic will be held from 8:30 to 11:30 a.m. on July 10-14.
For more information, contact coach Steve Schuler at [email protected] or 203-641-3450.
Making Sense of the Senses
BY LENORE SKENAZY | Birds do it, bees do it — but we don't.
See exceptionally well, that is. When bees look at a flower, they see it almost as a neon sign pointing “This way to the nectar!” The petals that look so pretty to us are dark to a bee, while the nectar-and-pollen gathering spot at the center is blazingly bright, like a target. Finding food becomes easy.
Meantime, birds — well, eagles, anyway — can see mice and other prey from so far away, they can swoop in for the kill before their dinner knows what hit them. Or bit them. Whatever.
We are surrounded by animals with far better developed senses of all sorts, from smell to taste to touch. Some can even see things invisible to humans. Snakes, for instance, see infrared heat waves radiating from animals, then slither over to swallow them, waves and all. And yet, we humans are no slouches ourselves when it comes to sensing the world, as I learned at the wondrous new American Museum of Natural History exhibit: “Our Senses: An Immersive Experience.”
Even single cell organisms — the kind that first existed three-and-a-half billion years ago — have a basic sense of touch, says Rob Desalle, the exhibit's curator. Weirder still, they seemed pre-wired for the senses that would come along later, like sight.
Walk around the exhibit and you get to experience the way different animals sense (and fool) the world. For instance, three butterflies appear identical. Beautiful! But when you see them under ultraviolet light, two of them have shiny stripes that make them look completely different from the other one. In normal light, our eyes can't tell the difference, but that's the point: They all look alike — and disgustingly unpalatable — to the animals that would otherwise eat them. But the butterflies themselves need to know who to breed with. And to them, finding one of “their own kind” is obvious, thanks to their unique sense of sight.
In another room, the nose is front and center. Well, the nose is always front and center, but you get what I mean. For your sniffing pleasure, you are encouraged to smell scent after weird scent and determine whether you think it is one of the 600 chemicals that make up the smell of chocolate. Warning: One of them smells like a skunk. Could that stench be part of the “Chocolate 600?”
It is.
In another room, you can listen to the sounds animals hear that we can't, including the calls of a fin whale and house mouse. You can also grow jealous of the birds and reptiles whose hearing does not decline with age, because, unlike humans, the little hairs in their ears regenerate, while ours die off, making it harder for some old people to hear high pitched sounds.
To understand why different animals developed their senses differently, you have to think about evolution — species adapting to their environments. So bats have extraordinary hearing (and big ears) because they fly around in the dark. But seals and whales have a terrible sense of taste. All that they can sense is salt. (I sometimes feel the same.) Why can't seal or whales taste sweet or bitter? “Because they gulp their food,” explains Desalle. With so little to do, their taste buds actually devolved.
While most of the exhibit is a yin-yang of animals versus humans, at the end, we people pull way out in front.
That's because however well a snake sees, or bat hears, they don't have technology on their side — and we do. So even though it is impossible to be as eagle-eyed as an actual eagle, microscopes let us see even the details of a mosquito's foot. Satellites let us see the entire earth. Slo-mo photography lets us watch what is too fast in real life to see, like what happens when a drop of water hits a puddle, or the instant a water balloon bursts. Meantime, time-lapse photography shows us what's too slow for anyone to watch unfold: The metamorphosis from caterpillar to butterfly. The video of this is amazing.
And don't forget, we are the only species to create things just to delight our senses. Symphonies. Art. Birthday cake.
But perhaps most amazing of all is the fact that this exhibit is in a modern-day science museum, and it actually ends on a high note, celebrating mankind's inventions. So many exhibits (and documentaries, and magazine articles) end with the exact opposite message: “Nature is great but man has screwed it up forever. Thanks a lot, manglers.”
The Senses exhibit ends with a cheer for humanity, learning from nature and sometimes surpassing it.
Take that, snakes.
Our Senses: An Immersive Experience through Jan. 6, 2018 at the American Museum of Natural History (Central Park West at 79th St.). Call 212-769–5100 or visit www.amnh.org. Admission: adults, $28; children 2–12, $16.50; seniors and students, $22.50.
Lenore Skenazy is president of Let Grow, founder of Free-Range Kids and author of “Has the World Gone Skenazy?”
Songs We Love: Nic Fanciulli, 'Resistance (Feat. Audion)'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dean Chalkley/Courtesy of the artist Dean Chalkley/Courtesy of the artist
Nic Fanciulli knows writer's block. Already an established DJ when he began making music more than a decade ago, he used pseudonyms like Skylark and Buick Project (collaborations with engineer Andy Chatterley) out of fear that his own works weren't up to snuff. Not even a Grammy nomination for his 2007 remix of Tiefschwarz's "Damage" helped his confidence. "I was overthinking everything," he tells NPR. "I wasn't there." Paranoid and creatively paralyzed, he shelved his plans for a debut album and spent the next decade nurturing his DJ career. He founded a record label, started his own music festival, and became an instrumental figure in Ibiza's still-illustrious club circuit. But the lack of a formal body of work still needled at him.
Now 37 and a father of two, he's finally gearing up to release his first full-length, My Heart, more than 20 years after his first gig. With appearances from Agoria, Guy Gerber and Frankie Knuckles collaborator Jamie Principle (of the genre-defining 1984 hit "Your Love"), it's a tribute to house and techno's thrilling evolution from someone who's lived behind the booth.
Structured like the soundtrack to an evening out, the album foregoes chunky club edits in favor of a smoother ride, with Fanciulli weaving between ambient lows and euphoric, melodic highs. "Resistance," an electrifying acid techno cut co-produced with Audion, the menacing dance-floor alias of Matthew Dear, is an album standout and, surely, a peak.
Over a frantic five minutes, it's a frenzy of droning horns, whooping sirens, and burbling bass that feels charged with nervous energy, threatening to explode. If it weren't for the song's cool, throbbing melody, it could easily soundtrack big-screen laser warfare. The minimal vocals add pricks of pressure; a robotic, rave-y "resistance" chant rings of classic Chemical Brothers while a pitched-up sample of Fanciulli cooing "whoa" whinnies against it. It's chaotic, but never cluttered, a feast of frequencies. And then, right when you're expecting the storm to hit, everything drops out save for kick drum and bass. Near silence. Says Fanciulli, "It's the most powerful moment in the record."
Fanciulli wrote the track with Matthew Dear in mind — specifically the 2006 Audion smash "Mouth to Mouth" — and hoped he'd run with it. "Artists who were producers first, then DJs, their mindset is so much more open than mine," he says. "I get caught up fine-tuning in this narrow space ... to see the stuff they throw in — big, groovy synth riffs, quirky textures, hypnotic melodies. It's genius." The pair edited by email, a conscious decision that allowed them to properly digest each revision. It wasn't the most personal process, but it gave Fanciulli space to think. "You reach a certain age where you're not trying to prove anything or impress anyone," he says, "just yourself."
My Heart comes out Oct. 20 (pre-order).
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
LEHMAN TWP. — A woman shot a 53-year-old man at a private residential community Monday night, according to state police.
State police did not release the name or status of the victim or the name of the suspect in the shooting, which occurred at 5151 Woodbridge Dr. East at the Saw Creek Estates Community. The man went to the Pocono Medical Center for treatment. His condition was not available late Tuesday.
It is unclear whether this was the result of an accident or a domestic dispute, said Niki Jones, a spokeswoman for Saw Creek Estate.
The investigation is ongoing, state police said.
— PETER CAMERON
ISLAMABAD, Aug 13 (APP): Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N) MNA
Talal Chaudhry on Sunday said Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf Chief Imran Khan had introduced
derogatory language in the country' politics and his speeches were witnessed in that
regard.
Talking to a private news channel, he said Imran Khan always hit the
personal lives of other political parties heads, adding that he should learn from farmer
prime minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif who spoke decent speeches during his
Islamabad to lahore journey.
He said Imran Khan had destroyed the rich values and civilized
political culture in the country and he was person of that who had used obscene language
against opponents.
There were a lot of differences between Imran's statements and action
and he was popular for personal attacking to other political parties heads, he added.
The MNA said Imran has degree of Oxford London but using rubbish language
for political opponents and he was a uncivilized political person and his actions
does not reflect that he was an educated person.
Talal Chaudhry said PTI chief should be aware from ground realities and accept
them, he said adding G.T road was full of human heads and rose petals during
Nawaz Sharif Travel form Islamabad to Lahore.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2017 Chevrolet Camaro 1LE Enlarge Photo
Right now the most affordable Chevrolet Camaro with a V-8 is the Camaro SS which starts at approximately $38,000.
However, Ford Mustang and Dodge Challenger buyers can drive away with a V-8 under the hood for approximately $34,100, via the respective Mustang GT and Challenger R/T models.
That's got Chevy considering bringing down the price of adding a V-8 engine to the Camaro, GM product chief Mark Reuss recently revealed to Automotive News (subscription required).
Reuss said Chevy was also looking at adjusting the Camaro's numbers at the more affordable end of the pricing spectrum, without going into detail. The base Mustang starts at $26,085 while the base Camaro starts at $26,900, although the Mustang comes with a V-6 and the Camaro with a turbocharged inline-4.
“I think we've got opportunities at the very low end of the Camaro range and some remix of some of the V-8 options on it so we don't force people to buy all the options with a V-8, just to get a V-8,” Reuss explained. “The Mustang and some of the cars in the segment will have a lower base price and that's an opportunity for us probably.”
Reuss didn't mention timing but the Camaro range is due to undergo a mid-cycle update for 2019. It's possible we see a shakeup in the pricing and options of the various Camaro models at this point.
N. Korean Leader Kim Jong-un's Half-Brother Is Dead. But Why?
Enlarge this image toggle caption The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Images The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Images
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
Exiled Half-Brother Of North Korean Leader Reported Dead In Malaysia Exiled Half-Brother Of North Korean Leader Reported Dead In Malaysia Listen · 4:11 4:11
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 3 (APP):Former prime minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi Tuesday expressed the hope that the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party would not boycott the upcoming general election as it would win it with thumping majority.
“We will not be a part of any conspiracy which may worsen situation in the country and have negative impact on the national economy,” he said talking a private news channel.
Khaqan said the Accountability Court should give its verdict in the Avenfield case after the general election. Sympathizes of the people were already with former prime minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, he added.
To a question, he alleged that PTI chief Imran Khan was a master of U-turns.
It was one of the highest rated reboots in TV history, but it was just canceled.
ABC announced Tuesday afternoon that they were canceling Roseanne. The series revival, which premiered earlier this year, was scheduled to run for at least one more season (2018-2019).
The network's decision comes after Roseanne Barr went on a Twitter tirade on Tuesday morning (May 29). Barr described Valerie Jarrett (an advisor to the Obama administration) as a combination of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes. Barr went on to say that "Muslims r NOT a race" in a follow-up tweet.
The original tweets have since been deleted, and Roseanne later wrote that she apologized by saying that her joke was in "bad taste."
In a statement that was just issued, ABC called the comedian's original tweets "abhorrent."
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show," ABC's president Channing Dungey said.
The series revival had record ratings. The premiere episode (which aired on March 27) had more than 18 million viewers.
LONDON (Reuters) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 7:10 pm |
Scientists have for the first time fixed a protein defect that causes Huntington's disease by injecting a drug from Ionis Pharmaceuticals into the spine, offering new hope for patients with the devastating genetic disease.
The success in the early-stage clinical trial has prompted Roche to exercise its option to license the product, called IONIS-HTT(Rx), at a cost of $45 million.
Lead researcher Sarah Tabrizi, professor of clinical neurology at University College London, said the ability of the drug to tackle the underlying cause of Huntington's by lowering levels of a toxic protein was “groundbreaking”.
“The key now is to move quickly to a larger trial to test whether IONIS-HTT(Rx) slows disease progression,” she said in a statement on Monday.
Ionis senior vice president of research Frank Bennett said the protein reductions observed in the study “substantially exceeded our expectations” and that the drug was also well tolerated.
However, experts cautioned that the results were still early and the ability of the new medicine to improve clinical outcomes for patients had yet to be demonstrated.
“The question is whether this is enough to make a difference to patients and their clinical course, and for that we will have to wait for bigger trials,” said Roger Barker of the University of Cambridge, who was also involved in the research.
Huntington's is a progressive neurodegenerative disease affecting mental abilities and physical control that normally hits sufferers between the ages of 30 and 50 years before continually worsening over a 10- to 25-year period.
There is currently no effective disease-modifying treatment for the condition, with existing medicines focused only on managing disease symptoms.
Ionis said Roche would now be responsible for all IONIS-HTT(Rx) development, regulatory and commercialization activities and costs.
The drug uses an approach called antisense to stop a gene producing a particular protein. The technique has already led to a drug for spinal muscular atrophy that was approved last year.
Shares in Ionis rose around 2 percent in early Nasdaq trade as did those in Wave Life Sciences, which is also working on antisense medicine.
New Delhi (ABC Live): CDP Report: A new report ‘Catalyst for change' analyses 22 of the largest global chemical companies with a total market capitalization of US$650 billion and responsible for a quarter of all emissions of the sector at 276 million metric tonnes of CO2 emissions per year. The report reveals that the chemicals sector is making progress on climate risk but that rapid process innovations will be required in order for them to have any chance of aligning with the below 2-degree goal set out by the Paris agreement.
The sector is a large energy user, responsible for an eighth1 of global industrial CO2 emissions and plays a key role in the world economy, with nearly all manufactured products (95%) relying on chemicals. Despite the industry's ability to innovate on low carbon, it will struggle to ever fully decarbonise if it doesn't make rapid and significant changes to its own highly polluting processes.
The report from CDP – voted no. 1 climate change research provider by institutional investors – shows that the sector is still providing solutions on climate change on the product side, and is profiting from the low carbon transition, with around 20% of revenues for the group coming from these products, representing close to US$83 billion2 in revenues. Progress is also being made in their emissions and energy efficiency, with improvements of 2-5% being made year-on-year and this is directly impacting the bottom line.
The report also highlights other potential risks for the sector:
Uneven regulatory risks: European chemical companies such as AkzoNobel and BASF face tougher regulation from national carbon emission cuts and potentially higher capital expenditure as a result.
Upcoming regulation in China: Chinese companies make up 40% of global chemical sales but are not disclosing environmental data. The Chinese Emissions Trading System launching at the end of 2017 could disrupt the wider industry as more Chinese based companies become regulated.
A potential diesel moment: A key output of the chemicals industry is plastic packaging, accounting for over a quarter of global plastics usage, however nearly 8 million metric tonnes of waste (the weight of 2,000 Eiffel Towers) ends up polluting oceans each year. Just as carmakers faced a regulatory backlash when the consequences of diesel on air pollution became clear, chemical companies could face a similar ‘diesel moment' because of their links to plastic packaging.
Paul Simpson, CEO of CDP, said: “As both a large energy user itself and a crucial part of other industrial supply chains the chemicals industry is an important, but often overlooked, sector when it comes to environmental impact. Today's analysis shows it's moving in the right direction across several climate metrics with encouraging signs on annual emissions and R&D, but it needs to go further and faster to invest in the technologies that will deliver efficiency and emissions improvements. Ultimately it needs to set and achieve more ambitious environmental targets to reach a tipping point that both catalyzes progress towards the Paris Agreement goals and directly improves the bottom line.”
The CDP report assesses companies on four key metrics aligned with the recommendations from Mark Carney's Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). As the TCFD recommendations become mainstream, investors will increasingly expect chemical companies to disclose how they are adjusting their business models to manage physical and transition risks, while taking advantage of the opportunity to generate revenue from the global transition to a low-carbon economy.
Carole Ferguson, Head of Investor Research at CDP said: “The chemical sector's significant carbon footprint means it is not just high emitters like petrochemicals that are exposed to the impacts of the low carbon transition but the sector as whole. Our research highlights a widespread lack of transparency and limited disclosure on how processes in particular are being improved. More transparency and tangible commitments to low carbon initiatives will be key to assess who the future industry leaders will be. This year AkzoNobel stands out in the industry through its commitment to decarbonization initiatives and as one of only two of the assessed companies with a science-based target. However, long-term investors will increasingly look for all chemical companies to adjust their business strategies in line with more ambitious emissions reduction targets and a rise in carbon pricing schemes globally.”
Asian Paints, Covestro, Ems-Chemie Holding, Petronas Chemicals and Nippon Paint did not respond to CDP's 2016 climate change questionnaire and are therefore not included in this report. We encourage investors to raise this lack of transparency in discussions with company management.
Srinagar
Indian troops in their fresh act of state terrorism martyred three more youth in Shopian district, today.
The youth identified as Umar Majid Sheikh, Adil Malik and Irfan Sheikh were martyred by troops during a siege and search operation in Awneera area of the district. The troops blasted a mosque and four residential houses during the violent military operation that began yesterday.
The killings led to forceful protests in the area. Many civilians were injured when troops resorted to pellet firing on the protesters. Twelve youth who had sustained injuries were admitted to Zainapora hospital, while two persons with bullet injuries were shifted to Srinagar for specialized treatment. The locals said that the troops ransacked their houses in Awneera, Zainapora and adjacent areas.
Earlier, two Indian soldiers were killed and several others injured in an attack on the forces' personnel, who were part of the operation in Awneera area of Shopian district. Three troops were also injured when a patrol party came under attack in Hajin area of Bandipora district, today.
All trains run between Badgam and Srinagar and Islamabad and Banihal remained suspended for the second day, today.
Meanwhile, the joint resistance leadership comprising Syed Ali Gilani, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Muhammad Yasin Malik in a joint statement in Srinagar said that any attempt aimed at undermining the disputed nature of Jammu and Kashmir or changing its demographic character would be opposed, tooth and nail. The leadership said that people of Kashmir had been sacrificing their lives for their just cause that was acknowledged by the world community but India was using all means to crush the people's liberation movement.
The Chairman of Hurriyat forum, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq in a statement in Srinagar said that the Bharatiya Janata Party and Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh were making hectic efforts to do away with the special status of Jammu and Kashmir by challenging the Article 35A in the Indian Supreme Court.
On the other hand, a civilian, identified as Imtiyaz Ahmad Mir, who was injured in an explosion in Dalgate area of Srinagar, yesterday, succumbed at Soura hospital in Srinagar, today.—KMS
Karachi
Five more children died in Tharparkar of malnutrition, taking the death toll to 250 in the past five months. Sixteen children have died in this one week in the desert region that borders India.
Tharparkar is one of Pakistan's poorest districts spread over nearly 20,000 square kilometres in the country's southeast.
It is located at a distance of 300 kilometres from Karachi. A large population of minority Hindus lives in the area. Mithi is the main town in the district, where the Civil Hospital is located. The hospital is in a shambles. Parents of sick children often complain of a shortage of medicines at Civil Hospital.
The hospital's civil surgeon, Syed Ameer Ali Shah, told media persons that the facility lacks specialists and senior doctors. Only nine nurses are posted in the hospital against 19 vacancies, he said. —INP
Islamabad
The size of e-commerce market, one of the most important drivers of a digital Pakistan, is expected to grow up to US $ 1 billion by 2020 which falls between US $ 70-150 million.
The regulations regarding Framework for Payment System Operators (PSO) and Payment Service
Providers (PSP) have been devised and approved by State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) while development of
E-commerce Policy Framework is also under process to cater to all elements of user, merchant trust with dispute resolution and remedial mechanisms.
Annual report-2017 of Pakistan Telecommunication Authority has revealed that on directions of Prime Minister, Ministry of Commerce has formulated “E-Commerce Policy Board” to monitor progress and ensure coordinated cross institutional efforts for development of e-Commerce in Pakistan.
The report said in private sector, entrepreneurs have launched e-commerce initiatives for consumers (B2C) that have been success stories such as daraz.pk, olx.com, homeshopping.pk.
The most important element of the E-commerce ecosystem is Payment Gateway that will enable entry of credible international players in E-commerce ecosystem of Pakistan and will resolve longstanding barrier to growth of Pakistani E-commerce market.
The recent policy and regulatory development have paved the way for credible international players to enter into Pakistan's E-Commerce market.
World's largest E-commerce company, Alibaba, has shown its interest in Pakistani market and signed a MoU with the Trade Development Authority of Pakistan to bring small and medium enterprise in realm of E-commerce platform.
Engagements with Alibaba can transform reach of Pakistani products to international markets and help promote E-commerce and financial services in Pakistan.
The report said Pakistan is generally a cash driven economy as number of debit/credit card holders is small and m-wallet accounts are also very low due to which more than 95 per cent of the e-commerce transactions are done by Cash on Delivery system. Pakistan is also making good progress on Business to Business (B2B) front as software industry aims to achieve the goal of US $ 5 billion export mark by year 2020.
Furthermore, the IT industry has various medium-sized IT firms earning nearly US $ 530 million, mainly in software development and service out-sourcing.
However, Pakistan's share in the global IT sales is just US $ 2.8 billion out of global US $ 3.2 trillion global market. Consumer buying trend in Pakistan is not just limited to buying products online, there are also websites for cars, property and travel which shows that consumers in Pakistan are using internet to experience a wide range of economic activities.
Some local portals have emerged as leading online businesses in Pakistan. The auto portal PakWheels has emerged as the leading online car buying and selling website in Pakistan.
It has reached a listing of over 160,000 cars and over 24,000 motorcycles and is accessed by more than 100,000 unique visitors every day. Zameen.com is the leading online real estate database that connects real estate dealers, developers, estate agencies with general buyers, sellers and renters in Pakistan.
Food Panda, Pakistan's leading food delivery app, estimates that it has generated a staggering one billion rupees in additional sales for the restaurant industry during the last year.
Rozee.pk enjoys an exalted standard as Pakistan's leading job website with plenty of nationwide vacancies advertised each day. Daraz.pk is the largest on-line shopping mall, which provides platform to multiple vendors and one-stop shop to consumers. —APP
London-based Tail is a new fintech startup that offers a glimpse into the promise of Open Banking. This is seeing upcoming legislation in the EU and U.K. force banks to offer third-party developer access to your bank account data — with your permission, of course.
The app, initially available for iOS and serving London only, offers heavy discounts at local places to eat and drink, all linked to the card you pay with and delivered each week in the form of cashback. However, the draw is how seamlessly it all takes place, by being built on top of digital-only challenger bank Starling‘s API, with Monzo integration also in the works.
This means that it is as simple as granting the Tail app access to your Starling bank account, a one tap process akin to Facebook or Twitter log-in, presuming that you are already a customer of Starling. Once you've agreed to a set of permissions — which can be a little daunting the first time, even though they can be easily revoked within the Starling app at any time — any offers that pop up in the Tail app can be redeemed simply by using your Starling MasterCard at the corresponding merchant.
No coupons or receipt scanning or even having to explicitly tell Tail the bank account or card number you want your cashback deposited. And, presumably, once your Starling card has expired (or is lost or stolen), you won't have to manually link your new card to Tail as it will simply pull the new card info via the challenger bank's API.
My takeaway: Open Banking is going to be nothing if not convenient, depending on how comfortable you are with granting third-party apps access to your banking data.
“Tail is turning open banking APIs into an offer platform, thereby eliminating all friction points for retailers and consumers which are still inherent in today's solutions,” Tail founder and CEO Philipp Keller, who was previously at Morgan Stanley, tells me.
“Using Tail, consumers can browse through a selection of curated offers, which are pre-linked to their bank card, eliminating the need for physical vouchers or coupon codes. The offer feed is updated in real-time and location specific. Redemption happens in-app, allowing for a more discreet way of redeeming offers, and accumulated savings are distributed back to the user in the form of cash back paid out in regular intervals”.
Meanwhile, along with making it super convenient for customers to discover and redeem offers, the Tail CEO reckons it is addressing a number of merchant pain points too, and thus opening up this kind of offers platform to smaller independents right down to the Long Tail.
“There's no EPOS integration or codes required, no staff involvement whatsoever, they don't have to download an app and we track the redemption stats for them,” he says. “The retailer provides card details and tells us what type of campaign she wants to run, the discount and the applicable times”.
In addition, new tools, such as real-time flash campaigns or “sequenced offers,” help to address specific issues such as spare capacity utilisation and new customer acquisition more effectively.
Flash campaigns that are simple to run via Tail could include a merchant offering 50 per cent off on a rainy day, or putting up an offer for the next 30 minutes during an unexpected lull in footfall. And by “sequenced offers,” Keller is referring to ways of enticing first time customers to become repeat customers, such as different discounts depending on if it is a first, second or third visit to a particular restaurant.
“We're looking to turn this into a self-serve platform at some point. At that point it will be even easier; just insert campaign type (first-time customers, off-peak hours, etc) and enter card details,” he adds.
Usain Bolt suggests he could be as good as Wayne
Teddy Sheringham and Steve McMahon rule out any p
Five Manchester United players who deserve to sta
Jose Mourinho says competing on four fronts could
Can Football Manager help spark romances this Val
Alexis Sanchez and his dogs could be football's b
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paris Saint-Germain might have battered Barcelona in the Champions League last night - and their fans might have been in full voice.
But it was the Cardiff City supporters in the Championship who won the award for the best chant on Valentine's Day, with the offering in the above video.
The Bluebirds fans travelled all the way to Derby for a cold and lonely Valentine's night with Steve McClaren's Rams on Tuesday.
But rest assured, they didn't leave an army of angry partners back in Wales, oh no. Why? Well because they're all single, that's why.
(Photo: Nathan Stirk)
In the clip, the Cardiff fans, who watched their team go two-down in the game, decided to keep the faith with a little tune.
Revelling in their 'singleness', they generated a good atmosphere at Pride Park and rallied all the lonely hearts of their beloved Cardiff team.
And guess what, it worked.
(Photo: Laurence Griffiths)
(Photo: Laurence Griffiths)
After battling back to make it 2-2, the away team took the lead straight after the break before Darren Bent levelled the scores with a quarter of an hour left on the clock.
But Joe Ralls decided he'd fill the hearts of the faithful and smashed home a 90th minute penalty to bring all three points back to Wales.
Now that beats any dinner date with your other half, right?
Junana Penry visited Jenna and By Richardson in Woodward on Wednesday.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Bristol man suffered a fractured eye socket and needed a metal plate inserted into his face after he was punched in the face.
George Flower, 22, was nearly blinded after the random attack at the Best Mate enclosure at Cheltenham Racecourse when he was at the races with friends.
He said he believes he was hit because he was wearing a pink suit on the day.
He believes it may have been a homophobic attack, provoked by his three piece pink suit, which cost £250 from ASOS.
Medics told him he was lucky not to lose the sight in his left eye, and he spent a month off work recovering.
George had been at the races with about 30 pals on March 16 when he lost the people he was with and tried to reach them on the phone.
When he looked up, a stocky middle aged man with dark hair punched him in the face.
George said: “I was walking with my mates and I looked down, then looked up and realised I'd lost them.
“I was on the phone trying to ring them when a man came up to me and smacked me in the face.
“It knocked me to the floor but I got back up. When I saw my friends and walked up to them they took me to the medical tent.”
He described the suspect as short, stocky, aged about 35 to 40 with short black hair and a chubby face.
The fibre optic engineer added: “The only thing people have said to me is that maybe it was the pink suit I was wearing.
“Some of my family members said maybe they thought I was gay because I was wearing a pink suit.”
George had bought the dusty pink suit especially for that day. He had been to the races about four times before and enjoyed the atmosphere.
He said: “My mum came and picked me up and took me back to Bristol. I had a shattered cheekbone and a double eye socket fracture.
“I've got a metal cheekbone now and the side of my face is possibly not going to be what it was before.
“It could have been worse - they said I was lucky not to be blind in my left eye.”
George has spent the past month in and out of hospital and said: “I was in good hands.”
But he has been told the enclosure had no CCTV, despite thousands of punters milling around.
He said: “All the cameras pointed onto the track because they were worried about people going onto the racecourse, which is bad when you think there are thousands of people down there.”
A spokesman for Gloucestershire Constabulary said: “Police are appealing for information following an unprovoked assault on the final day of The Festival which left a 22-year-old man needing facial surgery.
“On March 16 the victim was on his phone in the open area of the Best Mate enclosure at Cheltenham Racecourse when he was approached by an unknown man and punched in the face.
“The incident happened at approximately 5.15pm and the victim, who is from Bristol, suffered a fractured cheekbone which required surgery.
“At the time of the incident the victim was wearing a distinctive light pink suit and was in a crowded area.
“Police have exhausted all other lines of enquiry and are now appealing for the public's help to identify the offender.
“The suspect is believed to be around 35 to 40-years-old, with short dark hair and of a medium build.
“Police are asking for anyone who witnessed this assault to call police on 101 quoting incident 459 of March 16.”
Staff Reporter
Quetta
General Qamar Javed Bajwa, Chief of Army Staff (COAS), said Pakistan was on a positive trajectory of peace and stability due to great sacrifices of security forces and the nation.
“The job is not completed yet and we have to carry forward the gains towards enduring peace,” General Bajwa while speaking to officers and faculty of Command and Staff Collage in Quetta on Wednesday. Acknowledging and hailing contributions and performance of young officers in the operations COAS advised them to continue excelling in profession.
Later, COAS visited Headquarters Southern Command, Quetta where he was briefed about the progress of border fencing along the Balochistan portion of Pak-Afghan border, Quetta Safe City Project and ‘Khushal Balochistan' initiative. The army chief expressed his satisfaction on progress of the socio-economic and security initiatives.
Ryan Clark points out the glaring issues with the Seahawks' defense heading into the playoffs, chief among them the absence of Earl Thomas. (0:57)
The Seattle Seahawks enter the postseason as the No. 3 seed in the NFC and will host the Detroit Lions on Saturday at CenturyLink Field.
Here's an early look at how the offenses and defenses match up, with much more coming throughout the week.
When the Seahawks pass:
They have been inconsistent for much of the season, but if the Seahawks are going to go on a playoff run, this is where they'll have to make up for deficiencies elsewhere.
Russell Wilson suffered three injuries in the first six games of the season and has never looked completely healthy. He deserves credit for the work he put in to stay on the field (Wilson didn't miss a start) and still completed 64.7 percent of his passes while averaging 7.73 yards per attempt with 21 touchdowns and 11 interceptions.
His favorite targets -- Doug Baldwin (94 catches, 1,128 yards, seven touchdowns) and Jimmy Graham (65 catches, 923 yards, six touchdowns) -- both had great seasons and will present matchup problems against a Lions defense that went into Week 17 allowing opposing quarterbacks to complete a league-high 72.9 percent of their passes.
Pass protection is always a question with the Seahawks, but the Lions produced pressure on just 19.8 percent of their opponents' dropbacks, the worst percentage in the NFL. Detroit's sack percentage (4.6) ranked 29th. The Lions had one sack and four hits on Aaron Rodgers on Sunday, but the Green Bay Packers' offensive line is superior to the Seahawks' line.
When the Seahawks run:
According to ESPN Stats & Information, from 2012 to 2015, the Seahawks had nine games in which they failed to rush for 100 yards. That happened in 10 of 16 games during the 2016 regular season.
Against a shaky 49ers run defense, the Seahawks totaled just 87 yards on 25 carries. Thomas Rawls has battled through injuries and struggled to build from his rookie season, finishing with 349 rushing yards on 109 attempts (3.20 yards per carry).
Wilson's 259 rushing yards are the lowest total of his career. The run-blocking has been an issue throughout the season.
The Lions rank 22nd against the run, according to Football Outsiders. The Packers ran for 153 yards against them and averaged 4.9 yards per carry.
The Seahawks want to find balance whenever they can, but at this point, they know the run game is not the strength it has been in previous years.
Matthew Stafford and the Lions are potent offensively, but they don't have much of a running game to lean on. Tim Fuller-USA TODAY Sports
When the Lions pass:
The Seahawks' defense has not been the same without safety Earl Thomas, who is out for the season with a broken leg. From Weeks 12 to 17 (a span in which Thomas played only one quarter), the defense has allowed opposing quarterbacks to average 7.73 yards per attempt (29th) and post a passer rating of 96.1 (25th).
Matthew Stafford has been playing with an injured finger, but he completed 26 of 41 passes for 347 yards, two touchdowns and an interception Sunday night. He likes to spread the ball around. The Seahawks will get a visit from their old friend Golden Tate but will also have to account for guys such as Marvin Jones, Anquan Boldin and tight end Eric Ebron.
The Lions rank in the middle of the pack in pass-protection metrics. If the Seahawks are going to slow Stafford, they'll need to dominate up front, and they have the players to do that in Cliff Avril (11.5 sacks), Frank Clark (10 sacks) and Michael Bennett.
When the Lions run:
This is the category that looks like the biggest mismatch. The Lions rank 26th in rushing efficiency, while the Seahawks' defense is second against the run.
Seattle is stout up front, and Bobby Wagner and K.J. Wright have played at a consistently high level all season. Wagner finished the season with 167 tackles, tops in the NFL.
Zach Zenner (20 carries, 69 yards) got all but one of the Lions' carries Sunday night, and Detroit placed Theo Riddick on injured reserve.
It would be a stunner if the Lions were able to run the ball effectively against the Seahawks.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
PIAA CLASS 4A CHAMPIONSHIP
• When: Today, 1:30 p.m.
• Where: Penn State
• Online: Follow @CVBufano on Twitter for live updates.
•How they got here: District 2 champion Tunkhannock defeated District 4 champion Shikellamy, 7-0, in the first round; District 3 runner-up Eastern York, 15-4, in the quarterfinals; and District 11 champion Bangor, 9-4, in the semifinals. District 7 three seed Mount Pleasant beat District 10 champion Harbor Creek, 3-0; District 7 champion Belle Vernon, 5-4; and District 7 runner-up Yough, 7-2.
• Scouting: This will be the first state championship game for either school's softball program. Tunkhannock scored 31 runs in three state playoff games; the Tigers scored only nine runs in three district playoff games. Senior CF Paige Mokychic is batting .611 (11 for 18) with a hit in six postseason games. She leads the Tigers in batting average (.441), hits (30) and doubles (nine). Leadoff hitter Hope Jones leads the team with 27 runs, while her twin sister and No. 2 hitter, Faith, has 26 runs. Jena Simmons has a team-best six home runs and 28 RBIs. Hope Jones and Kendra Schultz have each pitched very well, and each is expected to pitch today. Mount Pleasant also has two pitchers, junior Meadow Uncapher and sophomore Carolyn Alincic. Uncapher is committed to play at Seton Hill. Mount Pleasant settled for third-place in District 7 after losing to eventual champion Belle Vernon, 1-0, in the semifinal round. Mount Pleasant Township is located about 45 miles southeast of Pittsburgh.
PROJECTED LINEUPS
Tunkhannock
Hope Jones Soph. P
Faith Jones Soph. SS
Paige Mokychic Sr. CF
Jena Simmons Soph. 3b
Kendra Schultz Soph. RF
Sarah Traver Sr. LF
Erin Dunn Soph. DP
Hailey Farr Soph. 1b
Jenn Bulford Sr. 2b
Danielle Krispin Sr. C
Mount Pleasant
Ava Gnibus Jr. CF
Adaline Kubasky Jr. LF
Chloe Poulich Jr. 3B
Meadow Uncapher Jr. 2B
Autumn Shogan Fr. DP
Nikki Klejka Sr. 1B
Christiana Czegan Jr. SS
Mya Klejka Soph. C
Sydney Kanuch Fr. RF
Carolyn Alincic Soph. P
— MATT BUFANO
The Internet Archive has hooked up an Apple Mac emulator to its collection of vintage software so you can breeze through your afternoons reliving the 1980s – all from the comfort of your browser.
The tech preservation organization is hosting the emulator online along with 45 applications and games for the original macOS, mostly ranging from 1984 to 1989 – the first five years of the Mac's existence. Among the programs posted are classic games and early versions of Microsoft Basic.
The archive also includes an emulated Mac Plus system with 4,096KB of RAM running macOS 7.0.1 (circa 1991). That collection includes two hard drives packed with additional programs (including Microsoft Excel, Hypercard, and BBEdit), and a number of additional system utilities (including ResEdit) for further digging around the macOS.
Microsoft Basic seems in working order ... Click to open the emulator
"If you've not experienced the original operating system for the Macintosh family of computers, it's an interesting combination of well-worn conventions in the modern world, along with choices that might seem strange or off-the-mark," wrote Internet Archive historian Jason Scott.
"At the time the machine was released, however, they landed new ideas in the hands of a worldwide audience and gained significant fans and followers almost immediately."
The emulation is pretty smooth on a modern machine: the emulated original Macintosh has an 8MHz Motorola 68000 CPU, 64KB of ROM, 128KB of RAM expandable to 4MB with non-Apple upgrades, and a 9" black and white 512 x 342 pixel display, and can take 400KB single-sided floppy disks. The Mac Plus has basically the same specs except it has 1MB of RAM expandable to 4MB, can take 800KB double-side floppy disks, and has a SCSI port. All that tech can now comfortably fit in a browser window.
4MB of RAM, 8MHz Motorola 68K processor, what more could you need? ... Click to open the emulator
The collection highlights a period when the Mac was helping to create a number of digital media industries, and a time when the Mac still had to sell itself as a viable alternative to not only IBM-compatible PCs, but also its own predecessor the Apple II, which was still holding strong in the home and education markets in the 1980s.
Click on one of the frames below to play Rogue or Dark Castle.
It also recalls a time most younger people never experienced, when the mouse and clickable icons were considered new-fangled ideas and internet connections were unheard of for many. UK Mac fans in particular might be interested to leaf through the first issue of e‑zine 1984 (published in 1998, no less).
The emulator itself is powered by a version of Hampa Hug's PCE Apple emulator ported to run in browsers via JavaScript by James Friend. PCE and PCE.js have been around for a number of years; now that tech has been married to the Internet Archive's vault of software. ®
For 13 years, Kwame Raoul has served the residents in the 13th Legislative District as their State Senator—a seat vacated by a then-aspiring U.S. Senator candidate Barack Obama. Like Obama, the state senator with the unique name is also an attorney. The son of Haitian immigrants, Raoul grew up on the South Side of Chicago. Motivated by the tradition of hard work and pursuit of a quality education, he went on to attend DePaul University and Chicago Kent College of Law. Building a broad career in law, he worked in the Cook County State's attorney office as a prosecutor, leaving to work at a small boutique law firm handling criminal defense and other civic matters in the private sector.
Working at the City Colleges of Chicago and two major law firms broadened his experience in trial work in both state and federal court practicing employment, labor and health law. But, his time as an Illinois legislator has allowed him to introduce legislation in the areas of criminal justice reform; he has co-sponsored bills that have abolished the death penalty, separated juvenile corrections from adult corrections and sealed certain records, removing barriers for ex-offenders to become productive members of society.
When Attorney General Lisa Madigan announced she would not pursue another term in office, Raoul stepped up to the plate as a Democratic candidate for the office. In such a high-profile role, Raoul believe it's the responsibility of the Attorney General to be a responsible voice of change advocacy.
“The Attorney General is very active in advocating for policy changes. I've been in the legislature for 13 years—replacing Barack Obama. I hit the ground running. I've been active in criminal justice reform before it became a popular topic,” he says.
“[I've been] making sure we created diversion programs for non-violent offenders. I've been active protecting voting rights. I passed the first ever Illinois Voting Rights Act– that goes beyond the reach of the federal Voting Rights Act–to make sure we're protected in the redistricting process. I didn't stop there, I passed the constitutional amendment to protect voting rights. The types of things we see down South and in other states with voter I.D. or other efforts to suppress the vote…this is a constitutional protection against that.”
In 2015, Raoul faced a familiar health battle that has often plagued African American men. He was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
“I've been active in access to healthcare. When President Obama brought about the Affordable Care Act and other states had to act, I sponsored two legislatures to embrace ACA. As a cancer survivor myself, it's quite personal to me,” he explains. “This month marks the two-year anniversary of my diagnosis of prostate cancer. It hits Black men at a prominently high rate. It's the disease that took my father and both my grandfathers.” He says he is grateful to have had access to quality healthcare but not everyone is that fortunate.
Public Safety
As a father of two, he finds himself concerned with both the violence on the street and the systematic mistrust between law enforcement and the Black community.
Raoul believes more can be done from both sides.
“Evidence shows that violence begets violence. When you have people who come up in the community where violence is normalized, they're more likely to evolve from a victim to a perpetrator. We have to interrupt that, we have to treat the trauma that has hit our community. We have to redefine who we see as a victim, expand that definition to include a young man who might be walking down the street with his pants sagging down.”
He explains, “When we start thinking about the violence we have and a lot of that grows out of resources being gutted out of our communities…. The Attorney General not only has a voice within the criminal justice information authority as a board member, they also direct capacity, direct victims to resources as well as resources retrieved from lawsuits. That is an important asset I think is largely overlooked.”
Consumer Protection
The Attorney General's office is considered by many as a watch dog for Illinoisans against various fraud and protecting the sanctuary of labor laws in place. Will Raoul expand his focus outside of Chicago to prioritize the needs of other residents in various areas in the state?
“Consumer protection is an issue that touches folks throughout the state. It's not isolated to city and suburbs, upstate or downstate. There are corporations that try to shortcut, try to take advantage of the small person. I have worked with Lisa Madigan's office with regards to temporary employees who get paid with payroll cards. What we found out is that banks were charging them excessive fees when they sought to use a payroll card. So, they're getting paid, but a significant portion of their wages were being taken out by the banks, so we put limitations on that,” he said.
“We're able to speak on statewide protection for employees….be it protection from employers that may try to skirt minimum wage requirements, prevailing wage requirements. When employers try not to have worker's comp insurance and therefore somebody gets hurt, there's no coverage there.” Senator Raoul mentions ongoing wage theft that takes place and the many complaints to the Department of Labor. “There have been a lot of complaints under Bruce Rauner's Department of Labor that has been stalled. Those complaints have been stalled at the dept. of labor and have not been referred to the AG's office. That was brought to my attention.”
Changes Ahead
Raoul has been under fire by critics and the other seven candidates for accepting political donations from tobacco base corporations at $10,000 each in the amount of $100,000—all owned by businessman and Chicago Wolves owner Don Levin.
He doesn't feel this will influence him in making hard-hitting decisions as Attorney General.
“When you start saying, ‘I'm not going to take money from this person and I am going to take money from that person,' there's an implication there, that I'm going to take money and do what this person says.'” Raoul says, “I've taken money from a wide variety of people throughout my 13-year career in the legislature and not one of those contributions have ‘bought' advocacy from me. People have supported me because they like the work that I've done.”
It will not be an easy transition for Illinois' next Attorney General. Endorsed by both the Cook County and Madison County Democratic Party, Raoul respects the legacy and work Lisa Madigan has brought to the office in the past 15 years. He says, although he will continue her advocacy for consumer protection, he will also expand their priority for criminal justice reform.
“I think the Attorney General's office can be used as a ‘bully pulpit' to advocate for Criminal Justice Reform. She has most recently played a role in advocating for law enforcement reform in the City of Chicago, but it ought not be limited in the City of Chicago. We've heard a lot of the challenges that exist in the suburban police departments as well as downstate.”
Raoul believes the formula for his success is remaining accessible to constituents.
“I feel comfortable in our community. My posters for example just have ‘Kwame' on them to say, ‘Hey, I want people to know me on a first-name basis.' I want to have that feeling of accessibility to my community. When I first went down to Springfield, people started calling me senator and I said ‘no, please call me Kwame.'”
There was a staged Conservative attack on Thursday on whether Canada's study guide for citizenship exams should retain a warning against female genital mutilation. When I say “staged,” I meant “a high school play level of acting,” the equivalent of a Christmas pantomime with facial expressions stretched to snapping point. It was the political version of the panto guy in the lime green clown suit putting his hands on his hips and terrifying the minion who scurries away with a little bucket. It all took place in a House of Commons committee meeting. As the Globe and Mail reported, the Conservative immigration critic (in every sense of the word) Michelle Rempel said The Canadian Press had seen a draft guide back in July that no longer contained the advice that FGM is a crime. Now the government's Discover Canada guide is a drab dated thing ripe for renovation. In its pages, no Canadian woman has ever invented anything, though they enjoy tobogganing, cuddling and walking on streets and bridges. Overwhelmingly male, it ignores Margaret Atwood and Alice Munro in favour of writers like Sir Charles G.D. Roberts, and is so outdoorsy that you'd be forgiven for thinking Canada has no cities.
Article Continued Below
True, removing the old warning against “barbaric cultural practices that tolerate spousal abuse, ‘honour killings,' female genital mutilation, forced marriage or other gender-based violence” would seem odd and wrong for a Liberal government devoted to women's rights. But Ahmed Hussen, Minister for Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship, responded that nothing had been removed, they were working on a new draft guide and would consult to the nines, there was no deadline and no story, no cunning plan. And the story faded to grey, which is precisely when it lit up for me. We want new immigrants to fit in. But do we really? Shouldn't they be encouraged to be a good influence on the rest of us? Do I want more Canadians who drop their cigarette butts on the sidewalk? Who leave buses by the front door despite the sign saying “Please leave by the rear doors?” The bus driver gave up long ago but I will never yield.
Jerusalem
The Tel Aviv regime and New Zealand have agreed to end a six-month rift in relations sparked by Wellington's backing of a United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 against Israeli settlements. A statement from the office of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Wednesday that he and his New Zealand counterpart, Bill English, had decided to end the dispute following a phone conversation.
Israel's ambassador to New Zealand will return to Wellington, the statement added. Last December, Israel recalled its ambassadors from a number of countries, including New Zealand, due to their support for Resolution 2334, which was approved in the Security Council by a vote of 14-0 with the US abstaining. The resolution states that Israel's establishment of settlements in the occupied territories, including East Jerusalem al-Quds, “had no legal validity, constituting a flagrant violation under international law and a major obstacle to the vision of [the so-called] two states.”
It also demands that “Israel immediately and completely cease all settlement activities in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem [al-Quds].” The picture taken on April 16, 2017 shows a general view of the Israeli settlement of Ateret west of the Palestinian city of Ramallah in the occupied West Bank. (By AFP)
Additionally on Tuesday, Israeli Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Michal Maayan said in a statement that the New Zealand premier had sent a letter to Netanyahu after the phone conversation.
“I regret the damage done to Israel-New Zealand relations as a result of New Zealand proposing Resolution 2344 at the Security Council,”—Agencies
NATIONWIDE, (WOWO) – The Solar Eclipse is August 21, and its the first time in 38 years that a total eclipse has been visible from the United States.
How knowledgeable are you about this significant astronomical event?
Find out by taking this quiz:
Rovio, the Finnish company behind Angry Birds, is planning to go public “as early as next month,” Bloomberg reports.
Citing sources, Bloomberg reports the IPO could value Rovio at $2 billion and that the company could raise about $400 million from a local market listing. Though, it seems that a final decision has yet to be made, meaning Rovio may decide to stay private for longer.
Since first releasing Angry Birds in 2009, Rovio has expanded its business to include movies and other games because the company realized it could not solely rely on Angry Birds games for revenue. The release of the Angry Birds movie in 2016 helped increase game sales and earlier this year, Rovio posted 2016 revenue growth of 34 percent to 190.3 million euros with earnings of 17.5 million euros. In the year prior, Rovio posted a loss.
Back in June, news came out that Tencent was considering a $3 billion purchase of Rovio, as well as that Rovio may consider going public in the near future.
At the time, Rovio said, “A stock exchange listing at some point in the future could be possible in order to support the continued strong growth of Rovio and its strategic targets.”
I've reached out to Rovio and will update this story if I hear back.
The Perth Scoundrels retain the Dragon State Championship
214 W Packer, 109 Bowman - WA Dragon State Championships © Jonny Fullerton 214 W Packer, 109 Bowman - WA Dragon State Championships © Jonny Fullerton
by Jonny Fullerton today at 2:52 amWilly Packer and his team onboard Scoundrel came into the second weekend of the championship with a four point cushion over John Cassidy's Seajoy. Four more windward/leeward races were scheduled to complete a tightly fought championship.Race five of the series started early on Saturday morning in a typical 12 - 14 kts E/SE breeze. Peter Bowman (Aeolus) and Willy Packer (Scoundrel) were pushed above the start boat but Greg Leaversuch (Jump) claimed the pin and lead the majority of the fleet out to the left of the course. But it was Rob Black (Nereus) who worked the small shifts best to round first at the top mark. The fleet split evenly downwind and at the bottom gate marks. The final work upwind provided some keen tactical duals with Packer's ‘Scoundrels' working their way back through the fleet followed closely by Rob Black, Mark Lovelady/Ian Malley (Saphira) and Sandy Anderson (Linnea). Positions remained the same on the final run to the finish with Peter Bowman's Aeolus recovering to fifth.Race six followed shortly in similar conditions. Bowman (Aeolus) and Black (Nereus) won the start with four boats over early. Packer (Scoundrel) again!, Leaversuch (Jump), Anderson (Linnea) and Trish Ford (Canewdon Witch) who failed to return. Once again with the very true course, the fleet split right and left and the top mark saw Anderson (Linnea) (OCS) lead from Ray Chatfield (Wizzardry), Rob Black (Nereus) and youngest skipper in the fleet, Ethan Prieto-Low (Hotspur). Yet again Bowman and Packer were running down boats on both jibes and the gate rounding was close. Chatfield took the lead from Black and Prieto-Low. The beat to top mark again saw some close and engaging sailing with Bowman entering the battle for the placings. At the final turn Black had taken the lead from Prieto-Low and Ray Chatfield and this became the finish order.NB: Earlier in the day it was noticed that Ethan Prieto-Low arrived at the crane area fully dressed in black tie having attended his school ‘leavers ball' to change into suitable attire for racing. Obviously this spurred him on to a great performance on the water.
Races seven and eight were again sailed in moderate 12 - 15 knot breezes from an E/SE direction. Once again great conditions for sailing and IRO extraordinaire John Taylor (JT) set his usual impeccable course allowing the sailors to exhibit their best skills with boat speed, tactics and course management evident to all to watch.
This time Bowman (Aeolus) won the pin with Packer (Scoundrel) in a safe position just to the pin end of centre and Sandy Anderson (Linnea) taking the boat end.
This provided interesting tactics up the first work with Packer leading Bowman and Lovelady/Malley and John Cassidy. Once the wind had moved 10 degrees left, all Dragons came down on starboard poles and the order changed slightly with Cassidy up to third. The fleet split at the gate marks with the majority favouring the left. Packer placed a loose cover to lead at the top mark from Bowman, Cassidy and Anderson. This was the finish order with the fleet split into two running down on both gybes.
The final race (eight) had a slight increase in wind pressure and although Willy Packer and his ‘Scoundrels' had all but secured the title, the remaining podium places were very much still up for grabs. This time it was Sandy Anderson again OCS having to return, whilst Packer and Trish Ford started well going to the right. John Cassidy was doing very well up the left when the genoa halyard parted company. He was to be first back to the dock and out of contention.
At the top mark Bowman had a clear lead from Greg Leaversuch, Rob Black and Ethan Prieto-Low. After an even run down with Dragons on both gybes, the positions we unchanged at the gate. Going to windward saw a significant gap emerge in the fleet with Bowman and Packer opening up a gap of three minutes over the fleet.
At the finish Bowman picked up the bullet from Packer in second, then a gap to Anderson third, Chatfield fourth, Black fifth and Prieto-Low sixth, all finishing within four seconds of each other.
Final results saw Willy Packer and his ‘Scoundrels' a clear winner with second overall going to John Cassidy (Seajoy) on a count back form Peter Bowman (Aeolus), the 52 year old wooden showpiece. The traditional ‘Mug of the Day' went to Rob Black sailing (Nereus) who has been crabbing on the Swan river all his life of 78 years, but sill managed to find a new muddy bank only 1.15m deep. Rumour has it a Dragons official draught is 1.2m!
Provisional Results for Dragon State Championship (After eight races with seven races to count)
1 AUS214 Scoundrel William Packer - 1,2,2,2,1,(6),1,2 = 17 - 11pts
2 AUS190 Seajoy John Cassidy - 2,1,4,4,8,7,2,(DNF/10) = 38 - 28pts
3 AUS109 Aeolus Peter Bowman - (8),6,6,3,5,4,3,1 = 36 - 28pts
4 AUS210 Linnea Sandy Anderson - 9,5,3,1,4,(OCS),4,3 = 40 - 29pts
5 AUS191 Nereus Rob Black - 4,7,8,5,2,1,(9),5 = 41 - 32pts
6 AUS201 Wizzardry Ray Chatfield - 6,8,1,6,(10),3,6,4 = 44 - 34pts
7 AUS144 Hotspur Ethan Prieto-Low - 7,4,7,7,(9),2,5,6 = 47 - 38pts
8 AUS221 Saphira Mark Lovelady - 3,3,(OCS),9,3,8,DNC,(DNC) = 60 - 48pts
9 AUS223 Canewdon Witch Trish Ford DNC,DNC,DNC,(DNC),6,5,7,7 = 73 - 61pts
10 AUS198 Whim Robin Hammond 5,9,5,8,(DNC),DNC,DNC,DNC = 75 - 63
11 AUS181 Jump Greg Leaversuch/David Yu (DNC),DNC,DNC,DNC,7,OCS,8,8 = 82 - 70pts
Attention turns to the 2017 Dragon World Championships in June where no less than seven Dragons will make the journey to Cascais in Portugal from the Royal Freshwater Bay Yacht Club in Perth. Willy Packer, who is the current World Dragon Corinthian Champion, has a boat in Europe, whilst Ray Chatfield (Wizzardry), Ian Malley (Saphira), Trish Ford, (Canewdon Witch) Sandy Anderson (Linnea), Peter Bowman (Aeolus) and Rob Hammond (Whim) are all shipping their boats.
The Royal Freshwater Bay Yacht Club in Perth Western Australia, will be hosting the Dragon Worlds in January 2019.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/151767
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are few things as stressful and frustrating as having a rotten landlord .
Yet it's an all-too familiar scenario which, if you've been lucky enough to dodge, then someone you know will have experienced.
There are many ways in which a landlord can be a rotter (as can a tenant, to be fair).
But one has definitely raised the bar with his bizarre policy towards going to the toilet.
Basically, he's somehow managed to monetise FLUSHING the loo.
"Is this legal?"
The tenant said it costs the equivalent of more than 50p to flush the toilet each time, and the cost and inconvenience is steadily getting worse.
After all, you can't exactly leave these things to fester.
A picture of the loo was uploaded to Imgur by a Melbourne-based tenant who understandably wanted to know if his landlord was even allowed to do this.
"I understand in our laundry having to pay for the communal washing machine,' he said.
"But I pay the water bill that goes into my apartment. He said it was a government incentive to save water. But then why does he get to collect the money?"
(Photo: Getty)
The responses, resoundingly, told the tenant to seek advice.
However, not everyone was convinced by the commode.
Executing this coin-operated flush must have taken some decent mechanical know-how, something which one skeptic pointed out.
"I'm trying to work out how it would even mechanically operate? C'mon dudes."
We almost hope this is fake, so other landlords don't cotton on to this money-spinner.
President Donald Trump makes a statement in the Diplomatic Room at the White House. ( NICHOLAS KAMM / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
In the wake of the violence in Charlottesville, Va., it's clear the United States has reached a uniquely dangerous moment for its democracy. Not because neo-Nazis and white supremacists paraded openly in the streets, proudly proclaiming their gospel of hate, and a young woman was killed while resisting them. The U.S. has witnessed worse displays of bigotry and seen much greater loss of life in conflicts over race and fundamental values. The threat comes because the country is led by a man who has profited from the rise of these dark forces, and who had to be prodded and shamed into finally condemning them. Even then, when President Donald Trump emerged on Monday to speak about the events in Charlottesville, he couldn't bring himself simply to denounce the neo-Nazi fringe right. He insisted on prefacing his remarks with a self-congratulatory statement about the rising stock market and the million jobs he claims have been created since he took office. The clear implication was that this is the important stuff, and the scripted comments that followed, proclaiming that “racism is evil” and denouncing hate groups, “including the KKK, white supremacists, neo-Nazis and other hate groups,” were a mere footnote, something his advisers had talked him into making.
Article Continued Below
One thing about Trump is that he's transparent. He puts his emotions on full display and those Americans who like him find that a refreshing change from the cautious, calculating nature of so many politicians (Hillary Clinton springs to mind). So it's easy to tell when he's speaking from the heart and when he's just going through the motions, ticking off talking points his advisers insist he must make. On Monday, Trump was clearly going through the motions. His opponents and allies alike had been on his back for 48 hours after he so obviously failed to do the bare minimum for an American president in the immediate aftermath of the violence in Charlottesville: condemn, without qualification or reservation, the extreme right fringe of U.S. political life.
So he went out and did exactly that: the bare minimum. He mouthed the words but his heart wasn't in it. This matters. Americans look to their president in these moments, and every president in the modern era has found the words to denounce racism and hate when it mattered most. Bill Clinton channeled outrage against the ultra-right after a much more horrific attack (the Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people in 1995). Even the much-maligned George W. Bush went to an Islamic centre in the wake of the 9/11 attack and spoke forcefully against the temptation to blame all Muslims. Hate, violence and racism have always been a cruel reality of American life. What makes the difference is whether leaders and institutions can rise to the challenge, push back the forces of injustice and make progress toward a more complete democracy. With Trump, Americans for the first time in decades have a president who is at best indifferent to this ongoing struggle. Much worse, he has pushed in the opposite direction. He has consciously played on the hopes and fears of those tempted by the white nationalist cause and sent encouraging signals in the direction of a movement traditionally banished to the darkest corners of political life. Co-thinkers occupy positions in the White House itself. Regardless of whether this reflects Trump's inmost feelings, or is just the product of a twisted political calculus, it is beyond shameful. In itself this alone should disqualify him from holding the office of president. The danger to democracy comes from both above and below – from a president who fails in his most essential duty to decency, and from a movement given new life by the erosion of traditional institutions. The longer Trump remains in office, the more damage will be done. But there are encouraging signs as well. At the top, even many Republicans seem finally to be drawing a line. They have called out Trump on his pallid response to Charlottesville and forced him to at least pretend to do the right thing. And out in the country, the white supremacists are waging a losing battle. In Charlottesville, they came to defend a statue of the Confederate general Robert E. Lee that is being removed after many years of protest. Similar statues have been taken down in New Orleans, and the mayor of Lexington, Ky., announced his city will relocate its Confederate monuments after long and emotional debate. All this is long overdue fully 152 years after the end of the Civil War. But it illustrates the truth of a remark once famously quoted by Martin Luther King: “The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.” Even a president who cannot see his moral duty in front of his face cannot stop that.
Read more about:
Two firefighters from East Lancashire were among several from across the county who took part in a sponsored fire engine pull as part of Mental Health Awareness Week.
Retained firefighters Laura Herdman and Andy Florence were among the team who pulled the 10 tonne "Pride" engine seven-and-a-half-miles across Blackpool prom.
Laura at Padiham Fire Station with fire safety officer Kevin Birchall who supported and the fire engine pull.
The challenge was staged as part of the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia and the firefighters raised £922,
This will be put towards the LGBT charity Out in the Bay, the George House Trust, which provides services to people with HIV, and the Firefighters Charity, which supports the UK firefighting community.
Laura, who is based at Padiham and Clitheroe based Andy, and the crew completed the pull in two hours, one hour less than expected.
They completed the stunt, cheered on by supporters who gathered to watch, in three crews of six changing at mile intervals.
Laura said: "We had set a target of £1,500 so we are hoping that people may still want to make a donation."
If you would like to make a donation please go to www.gofundme.com/lancashirefireenginepull.
Brother A. Joseph Martin, SJ, died Dec. 4 in Grand Coteau, La., after a long illness. He was 88 years old and a Jesuit for 63 years.
Remembered by his brother Jesuits for his kindness and intelligence, Br. Martin's life will be celebrated in a Mass of Christian Burial at 11:00 a.m. Saturday, Dec. 9 in the Main Chapel of St. Charles College in Grand Coteau. The visitation will be immediately before the Mass, beginning at 10:30 a.m. in the same location. Burial will be in the Jesuit Cemetery of St. Charles College, immediately following the Funeral Mass.
A. Joseph Martin was born June 25, 1929, in Maringouin, La. to Alcide Joseph Martin and Delia Blanchard Martin, who preceded him in death. His two sisters, Meredith Templet and Norma Cardinal, also died before him.
He was raised and educated in Plaquemine, La., graduating from Plaquemine High School in 1945. He earned a bachelor of arts from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge before joining the U.S. Army Signal Corps. He served in Korea during the Korean Conflict.
He entered the Society of Jesus at St. Charles College in Grand Coteau on Sept. 15, 1953 and pronounced First Vows on March 19, 1956. He pronounced his final vows on August 15, 1964, also at St. Charles College.
As a religious brother in the 1950s, Br. Martin's training was diverse and hands-on, with instruction coming from more experienced brothers. He gained experience as secretary, bookbinder, infirmarian, host maker, sacristan, kitchen manager, buyer, dairyman, farmer and tailor. During his Jesuit ministry, he served in most of the large communities of the former New Orleans Provinces, most often as minister, responsible for caring for the material needs of the community and the physical facilities. He was also assistant director of the Jesuit Seminary and Mission Bureau in New Orleans (1981-89).
Brother Martin's intelligence, generosity and skill enabled him to fill many roles He was at his best in making a Jesuit community a true home for the men living there, comfortable and welcoming. He was especially attentive in his care for the sick and elderly, and he played a crucial role in setting up the former Ignatius Residence in New Orleans for senior Jesuits; those men now reside at the St. Alphonsus Rodriguez Pavilion in Grand Coteau.
Memorial gifts may be made to the USA Central and Southern Province of the Society of Jesus at 4511 West Pine Blvd., St. Louis, MO 63108 or online at http://jesuitscentralsouthern.org.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 04 (APP):Minister for Finance Dr Shamshad Akhtar Wednesday said Pakistan would continue to take steps with the spirit to check any sort of financing nurturing acts of terror.
The finance minister was talking to Chinese Ambassador in Pakistan, Yao Jing, who called on her at her office.
The minister briefly shared with the Chinese envoy Pakistan's standpoint on Financial Action Task Force (FATF) issues presented at the just concluded conference at Paris.
She said Pakistan strongly reiterated its commitment in taking all possible steps against terror financing and money laundering.
She said Pakistan had made countless sacrifices in the war on terror which had been recognized the world over.
During the meeting, they also discussed Pak-China economic cooperation in various sectors and also had exchange of views on projects being undertaken under the ambit of CPEC.
The minister highly appreciated the continued cooperation provided by China in economic development of the country.
Yao Jing said it was heartening to note Pakistan's stance on FATF issues. He also expressed appreciation on the government's resolve to strengthen economy in the face of some challenges.
He said China would always stand by Pakistan wherever and whenever needed. He assured the minister of his strong resolve for efforts aimed at keeping up the momentum of bilateral economic partnership.
The American Bar Association is waiting on a new hearing date in its lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Education for failing to honor loan forgiveness commitments made through a program for attorneys engaged in public interest law. The hearing scheduled for Friday in U.S. District Court in Washington was postponed.
The ABA's lawsuit names four individual plaintiffs affected by the federal agency's decision, all law school graduates with six-figure student loan debt who entered public service with the promise from the Department of Education's Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program that if they made timely loan payments for 10 years, their remaining debt would be forgiven.
In its latest court filing, the ABA says the agency's denial has led the organization to face “serious recruiting and retention problems” due to its revocation as an employer under the loan forgiveness program. One program that has had a particularly hard time recruiting attorneys is the ABA's ProBAR initiative, which supports direct legal representation of unaccompanied children along the Texas border.
In a motion for summary judgement filed in August, the Department of Education argued no one currently is eligible to apply for the program. The agency claimed it will certify employers and forgo the remaining balance of a borrower's student loans only if the borrower has made 120 payments after Oct. 1, 2007 while working at a public service organization. Until then, borrowers may check in with the agency periodically to make sure their employer is eligible for the program, but that is not official until the program is around for 10 years, the agency says in a combined motion for summary judgment and response to the ABA's motion for summary judgement.
Borrowers are supposed to receive guidance on their eligibility from FedLoan Servicing, a company hired by the government to administer the loan forgiveness program. FedLoan tells the borrower whether his or her employer qualifies under the program. However, in March, the Department of Education distanced itself from FedLoan Servicing, saying it makes decisions on its own and does not speak for the agency.
The case is American Bar Association et al. v. United States Department of Education, 1:16-cv-02476.
In Zimbabwe, the bulk of rural communities and urban poor still get their energy supplies from the forests, leading to deforestation and land degradation.
The Zimbabwe Environmental Law Association (ZELA) 2016 review on forest policies in the country found that fuel wood accounted for over 60 percent of the total energy supply, whilst 96 percent of rural communities rely on wood for cooking and heating.
At the same time, livelihoods are shaped by the availability of forest resources, especially in rural areas.
In Mlomwe village, Plumtree, Judith Ncube (54), along with nine other women, derives her livelihood from the marula tree through processing the nuts into oil, butter and skin care ingredients or cosmetic products.
Plumtree is in ecological region 5 in Zimbabwe, one of the areas at risk of desertification if the situation is not curbed. It is among the country's drylands, receiving little rainfall and experiencing periodic drought.
But members of the Vusanani women's group now support their families while in turn helping to protect the forests.
“Our livelihoods as women in this community have improved greatly, and we no longer depend on our husbands for our daily survival,” says Ncube, who is the chairperson of the cooperative.
Women are at the forefront of conserving forestry as their husbands have long gone to South Africa seeking greener pastures. Zimbabwe's high unemployment rate forced many to flee the country, leaving women with the double burden of meeting the daily needs of their families. Some husbands don't return, whilst some return after a year or two. Currently, most people are pinning their hopes on the new administration led by President Emerson Mnangagwa, who has promised to revive the economy following the ouster of Robert Mugabe.
Ncube and her team formed Vusanani Cooperative in 2010 through support from various development partners. They now have processing equipment to grind marula nuts into different products.
The Vusanani Cooperative, which process 40 litres of oil every week, buys the raw marula nuts from the Mlomwe community. They buy the kernels at a dollar a cup, with 20 cups producing a litre of oil. They then sell a litre of marula oil for 26 dollars, with marula butter going for a dollar.
The Marula tree is found in hot, dry land areas, an excellent source of supplementary nutrition and provides income for rural people living in this region.
Former Practical Action Officer Reckson Mutengarufu, who is based in the area, said people in the community used to cut down the marula tree to make stools, pestle and pestle stick for use in their homes.
“Things have improved now as villagers can only cut down the marula tree after consulting the village head. We have since trained people on sustainable forest management and the benefits of planting trees in their homes and fields,” Mutengarufu said.
Some members have undergone a capacity building training in South Africa through the Forest Forces project sponsored by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and Practical Action, an international development charity.
Margaret Ndhlovu (57), a founding member of the group and mother of ten children, managed to travel to South Africa to undergo training under the program. This enabled her to meet and interact with South African farmers in the marula processing trade.
“This was an experience of a lifetime, as I learnt during the trip in South Africa how other female farmers are processing marula fruit into various end products such bicarbonate of soda, okra or marula beer,” Ndhlovu told IPS.
The Sustainable Development Goal 15 provides for combating of desertification, reverse of land degradation and biodiversity loss.
Agricultural expansion and tobacco curing, inadequate land use planning, infrastructural development and human settlements in both urban and rural areas, uncontrolled veld fires, illegal gold panning, elephant damage and climate change have all been cited as major factors that impede sustainable forestry management.
According to the United Nations, about 12 million hectares of land are lost globally to desertification every year, with land degradation posing a significant threat to food security.
The United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification, to which Zimbabwe is a signatory, has helped the country's Environmental Management Agency (EMA) work with various stakeholders to address the situation especially in dry regions. EMA is a government body that oversees environmental issues in the country.
David Phiri, the FAO Sub-Regional Coordinator for Southern Africa, told IPS how FAO is implementing other projects such as beekeeping and extraction of oil from trees including the baobab.
“FAO is promoting sustainable harvesting and value addition of non-timber forest products and use of appropriate post-harvest technologies which include metallic silos, improved granaries and hermetically sealed bags so as to minimize losses,” Phiri said.
For the women of Vusanani Cooperative, they have long-term plans. By 2020, they want to expand their small marula processing business into a large manufacturing plant. They have since registered a company to enable them to operate as a formal business entity.
Fire crews used heavy equipment to dig through the debris of a fire in Dickson City early this morning, looking for hidden pockets of flames.
Fire trucks were called to the scene off the 300 block of Main Street at 10:12 p.m. The fire appeared to start in a pile of plastic utility pipes and other construction materials belonging to TSE Inc. in an industrial area off Main Street, though fire officials could provide few details late Friday.
As flames rose high, sending a thick black column of smoke spreading over parts of Dickson City and Scranton, crowds of spectators packed parking lots around Main Street and Viemont Drive. Firefighter hoses blocked part of Main Street near the industrial park's entrance. Smoke and flames could be seen from as far away as the McDade Expressway at 10:30 p.m.
The black smoke turned light gray by 11 p.m. as fire companies from Dickson City, Throop, Olyphant, Blakely, South Abington Twp. and Scranton worked to douse the flames. By 11:45 p.m., Dickson City Fire Chief Matthew Horvath said crews were on their way to getting the fire under control. No injuries were reported; the cause of the fire is not yet known. The fire caused some damage to a nearby garage, Horvath said.
TSE Inc., which has a Dunmore mailing address, moved to the site off Main Street just a few weeks ago, company owner Jamie Valvano said at the scene late Friday.
Around midnight, crews shifted their focus to the debris left by the towering blaze, tearing apart piles of blackened material to find flames hiding underneath. Officials expected firefighters to remain on the scene through the morning to extinguish flareups.
Check back for updates.
Contact the writers:
kwind@timesshamrock.com,
570-348-9100 x5181
enissley@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9138
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A gunman opened fire on New Year revellers at a packed nightclub on the shores of Istanbul's Bosphorus waterway on Sunday killing at least 39 people, including many foreigners.
Some people jumped into the Bosphorus to save themselves after the attacker began shooting at random in the Reina nightclub just over an hour into the New Year. Witnesses described diving under tables as the assailant walked around spraying bullets from an automatic rifle.
The attack shook NATO member Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in cities including Istanbul and the capital Ankara, some blamed on Islamic State and others claimed by Kurdish militants. Security services had been on alert across Europe for New Year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people. Only days ago, an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by “lone wolves” on “celebrations, gatherings and clubs” were received.
“At first we thought some men were fighting with each other,” said a Lebanese woman who gave her name as Hadeel and who was in the club with her husband and a friend. “Then we heard the sound of the gunfire and ducked under the tables.
“We heard the guy screaming Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest), all three of us heard that … We heard his footsteps crushing the broken glass,” she told. “We got out through the kitchen; there was blood everywhere and bodies.”
Officials spoke of a single attacker, a “lone wolf” in the parlance of Islamic State, but some reports citing witnesses including on social media suggested there may have been several. The incident bore echoes of an attack by militant Islamists on Paris's Bataclan music hall in November 2015 that, along with assaults on bars and restaurants killed 130 people.
Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed, officials said. Saudi newspaper al-Riyadh said five of the dead were from Saudi Arabia.
France said three of its citizens were wounded. A massive security operation unfolded to track down the fugitive assailant or assailants and any conspirators. Turkish Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said 15 or 16 of those killed at Reina were foreigners but only 21 bodies had so far been identified. He told reporters 69 people were in the hospital, four of them in critical condition.
Turkey is part of the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State and launched an incursion into Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders. It also helped broker a fragile ceasefire in Syria with Russia.
“As a nation, we will fight to the end against not just the armed attacks of terror groups, but also against their economic, political and social attacks,” President Tayyip Erdoğan said in a written statement.
“They are trying to create chaos, demoralise our people, and destabilise our country … We will retain our cool-headedness as a nation, standing more closely together, and we will never give ground to such dirty games,” he said.
Reina is one of Istanbul's best-known nightspots, popular with local high society and foreigners. Some 600 people were thought to be inside when the gunman shot dead a policeman and civilian at the door, forced his way in and then opened fire.
Istanbul Governor Vasip Sahin said the attacker used a “long-range weapon” to “brutally and savagely” fire on people, apparently referring to some form of assault rifle U.S. President Barack Obama expressed condolences and directed his team to offer help to the Turkish authorities, the White House said. President Vladimir Putin Putin said Russia remained Turkey's reliable partner in fighting terrorism, according to a statement from the Kremlin.
Dozens of ambulances and police vehicles were dispatched to the club in Ortakoy, a neighbourhood on the city's European side nestled under one of three bridges crossing the Bosphorus and home to nightclubs, restaurants and art galleries.
“I didn't see who was shooting but heard the gun shots and people fled. Police moved in quickly,” Sefa Boydas, a Turkish soccer player, wrote on Twitter.
“My girlfriend was wearing high heels. I lifted her and carried her out on my back,” he said.
Hurriyet quoted Reina's owner, Mehmet Kocarslan, as saying security measures had been taken over the past 10 days after U.S. intelligence reports suggested a possible attack.
Turkey faces multiple threats including spillover from the war in Syria. Beside its cross-border campaign against Islamic State, it is fighting Kurdish militants in its south-east.
The New Year's Day attack came five months after a failed military coup, in which more than 240 people were killed, many of them in Istanbul, as rogue soldiers commandeered tanks and fighter jets in a bid to seize power.
More than 100,000 people, including soldiers and police officers, have been sacked or suspended in a subsequent crackdown ordered by Erdoğan, raising concern both about civic rights and the effectiveness of Turkey's security apparatus.
On Dec. 28, the Nashir Media Foundation, which backs Islamic State, urged sympathisers to carry out attacks in Europe during the holiday period and to “replace their fireworks with explosive belts and devices, and turn their singing and clapping into weeping and wailing”.
A month ago, a spokesman for Islamic State urged supporters to target “the secular, apostate Turkish government”. Turkey has seen repeated attacks in recent weeks. On Dec. 10, two bombs claimed by Kurdish militants exploded outside a soccer stadium in Istanbul, killing 44 people.
A car bomb killed at least 13 soldiers and wounded 56 when it ripped through a bus carrying off-duty military personnel in the central city of Kayseri a week later, an attack Erdoğan also blamed on Kurdish militants. The Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead as he gave a speech in Ankara on Dec. 19 by an off-duty police officer who shouted “Don't forget Aleppo” and “Allahu Akbar”.
In June, around 45 people were killed and hundreds wounded as three suspected Islamic State militants carried out a gun and bomb attack on Istanbul's main Ataturk airport.
Political Disagreements In Illinois Foil Budget Agreement
Audio will be available later today.
Illinois has gone 20 months without a budget and the state's finances and services are increasingly precarious. Gov. Bruce Rauner and his chief Democratic opponent show little sign of compromising.
He thanked the city police for “the brilliant and speedy recovery” of the items stolen from his home. “Nothing can deter my mission to work towards my children,” the peace laureate said.
Nigerian carrier, Air Peace says it will commence four-sector flights on the Lagos-Abuja, Abuja-Owerri, Owerri-Abuja and Abuja-Lagos routes with an historic all female flight and cabin crew members on Thursday.
The airline made the announcement in a statement signed by its Corporate Communications Manager, Mr Chris Iwarah on Wednesday in Lagos.
Iwarah said the development was coming days after Air Peace gave command to Mrs Sinmisola Ajibola, who made history as the airline's first female captain, who was decorated with her new rank by the airline's Chairman, Mr Allen Onyema.
He noted that the flight was planned in honour of Ajibola's achievement, a testament to Air Peace's avowed commitment to gender equality and promotion of Nigerian women in aviation.
“Although women occupy most of Air Peace's top positions, Ajibola's elevation is a great milestone in our effort to build the capacity of women in the cockpit.
“Ajibola, who will be in command of the four-leg flight, will be assisted in the cockpit by Senior First Officer, Quincy Owen,” Iwarah said.
According to him, the all-female crew flight, scheduled to take off from the General Aviation Terminal (GAT) of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos at 1.10 p.m. is estimated to arrive to a water salute at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 2.20 p.m.
Ethiopian Airlines had on Dec. 16, 2017 operated its first all female flight from Addis Ababa to Nigeria.
The Boeing 777 aircraft, which was piloted by Amsale Gualu, landed at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos, at 1.16 p.m. to the admiration of aviation stakeholders and other dignitaries.
MOUNT HOLLY, N.C. — April 22, 2018 — American & Efird (A&E) released its 2017-18 Corporate Sustainability Report, just in time for Earth Day. The report's theme of Ethical Thread emphasizes the company's unwavering commitment to its industry-leading sustainability program and shares its goals and accomplishments over the past year.
Highlighting areas of safety, environmental sustainability and corporate social responsibility in its annual report, A&E spotlights its continued progress and improvements in global water recycling and reuse, Zero-Waste-to-Landfill efforts, and reduction in carbon footprint among others.
“We strive to produce and distribute responsible, premium quality, ethical thread products every day through excellence in innovation and good manufacturing practices,” said Les Miller, CEO, A&E. “We are committed to ethical manufacturing. It's the right thing to do for our customers and stakeholders, but also our future generations.”
Supporting many of the world's top industrial and consumer brands with thread products, A&E is well-regarded throughout the textile industry for its leadership role in innovation, product quality, and sustainability. A&E continues to abide by its pledge to create a better world through responsible corporate actions, environmentally protective efforts, and numerous contributions to the communities in which it operates.
This year's notable Sustainability Highlights include the following:
Water Conservation
Over 1.5 billion liters of wastewater has been recycled and reused since 2013. This amount of water would be enough to supply 75 million people with water for one day at 20 liters per person.
48% reduction in global water consumption (liters per kg of thread) since 2006.
Solid Waste
Zero-Waste-to-Landfill status has grown to 16 global manufacturing operations and support facilities in 2017, with 5 other operations over the 91 percentile mark. A&E's global goal is to achieve this sustainability designation in every manufacturing operation worldwide.
Carbon Footprint and Energy Conservation*
11% reduction of global carbon footprint (CO2e in kg per kg of thread) since 2006.
7% reduction in global power consumption (kwh per kg of thread) since 2006.
Categories addressed in this report include: Water Stewardship, Solid Waste, Carbon Footprint, Energy Conservation, Social Responsibility, Employee Health and Safety, Sustainable Products, Product Stewardship, Sustainable Packaging, and Supply Chain Sustainability.
*A&E uses the definitions and calculation methodologies found in Greenhouse Gas Protocol to determine our GHG emissions as developed by the World Resources Institute and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development. A&E tracks Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions.
Posted April 23, 2018
Source: American & Efird
ALAMEDA, Calif. -- Derek Carr's surgically repaired right fibula, broken in a Week 16 Christmas Eve sack that derailed the Oakland Raiders' postseason plans, is healed enough that Carr is a full participant in the team's offseason training program.
This progress in the healing process comes just in time for the team's franchise quarterback to ramp up talks with Oakland for a contract extension.
The team gathered Monday for the start of the workouts. "I feel great," Carr said. "I've been running, jumping, throwing, cutting, everything. So I'm ready to rock. I'm ready to do absolutely everything. I did everything my teammates did today. I'll do everything my teammates will do tomorrow.
"I'm truly blessed that it wasn't worse. It could have been a lot worse, and it wasn't, so I'm very thankful for that and just keep praying for the guys who, that day, had the same kind of injury and still going through it."
Tennessee Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota and Seattle Seahawks receiver Tyler Lockett both suffered broken right fibulas on the same day.
Derek Carr finished tied with Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott for third in NFL MVP voting. Reinhold Matay/USA TODAY Sports
Carr, who helped lead the Raiders to a 12-3 start and the franchise's first playoff appearance since the 2002 season, passed for 3,937 yards while completing 63.68 percent of his passes with 28 touchdowns and six interceptions for a passer rating of 96.7. He finished tied with Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott for third in NFL MVP voting.
Reports late last season had Carr in line for an Andrew Luck-type payday after the Indianapolis Colts' QB signed a five-year, $123 million extension last summer. Carr said his agent Tim Younger and Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie have been in constant communication.
"For me, I understand now that it's a part of the game," Carr said. "Forever, I was like, 'Man, I just want to play ball. I don't care about that.' But, now I'm understanding what has to get done, so maybe I should care about it. I just ask questions to Tim and learning about the salary cap and these things and this and that. It's just a lot of numbers that go over my head.
"But the communication from both sides has been great. They let me know exactly where they're at, what they're trying to do. We let them know where we're at, what we're trying to do. So it hasn't been hard -- it's been easy."
McKenzie said at the recent NFL owners meetings that he wanted to get Carr's extension done after the draft. The Raiders have about $27.6 million in salary-cap space.
"We're a family, so we're just trying to figure all of that out," Carr said. "They've been talking a little bit to build it, but I'll let them handle that, and hopefully it just gets done before training camp. Because once football, training camp starts, I won't even answer my phone if it has to do with that."
Carr agreed that the numbers being talked out on a potential new contract are hard to fathom.
"It makes me just super grateful," he said. "I know that that's going to help a lot of people. I get overwhelmed by it because I know how many people that will help -- not only with my family, my wife's family, around this country.
"Even in Haiti, I have a heart for those people in Haiti who I love dearly, and that's the cool thing to me is that we'll be in a cool position to where we can help a lot of people."
Carr was also asked about the potential of retired running back Marshawn Lynch joining the Raiders.
"He's one heckuva football player, and I hope to play with him and those things, but again, I'm focused on the guys that are here today," said Carr, who said he spoke with Lynch on his visit to the Raiders' complex two weeks ago. "And I can't say, 'Oh, man, I hope he gets here,' and all those things. Of course, anyone would want Marshawn Lynch. Any quarterback in the NFL ... add a good player to our team? Absolutely.
"With that said, I'm focused on who's here, and so I want to take this group and win the Super Bowl with this group that's here. And then as we add pieces, we'll hug them up and bring them in, just as a family, and treat them the same way that we do with all of our other teammates."
The season is still more than four months away, but Carr joked that he had his wife tackle him a few times and wrestled with All-Pro edge rusher Khalil Mack in the swimming pool to get him ready for the coming hits.
"It felt like a long process, but it flew by," he said. "I've broken a lot of things. I've torn a lot of muscles. I've torn a lot of ligaments. Because this one happened at such a dramatic time, because it happened to where I couldn't play the next couple of games, it's kind of bigger than it was ... for me, the mental side is easy to defeat because it's me vs. me, and that's going to be a win every time.
"I did absolutely everything I could to make sure I came back better, like Kobe [Bryant] said, Come back better than ever. I wanted to make sure that thing was going to be a nonfactor when I started doing things again."
History was made by the Thomas A. Stewart Griffins Secondary School senior girls soccer team on Wednesday.
The Griffins won the school its first COSSA girls soccer title in its 50 years after finishing as runner-up three straight years. They edged the Cobourg Collegiate Wolves 2-1 in the COSSA AAA final at Eastgate Memorial Park earning a trip to OFSAA next Thursday to Saturday in Windsor.
Griffins coach Barry Driscoll said he's coached six Griffins teams to COSSA silver medals.
"We were talking about how we've been the bridesmaids for so long," Driscoll said.
"To finally get over the hump and win the gold is a big accomplishment and says a lot about the girls. They're such a great group and they've really worked hard to achieve it."
The Griffins are undefeated this season and prior to Wednesday had not surrendered a goal against in Kawartha league and playoff games. They beat Quinte Christian High School 2-1 in semifinal play on two goals by Rebecca Bartosh. In the final, Bartosh notched the winner and Violet Hipkin had the other while Emily Deck made some big saves late in the game.
"We've had decent teams in the past and things haven't gone our way," Driscoll said. "When you add a player like Rebecca Bartosh to our already strong team everybody becomes stronger. We have Emily Deck, a Grade 9, an experienced goalie playing goal for us.
"That makes a big difference in high school because a lot of times you don't have an experienced goalie and have to make do with what you have. The girls really gelled and we had a lot of fun."
The Griffins beat Cobourg 5-0 in last week's Kawartha final but Driscoll knew this would be a tougher game. They built a 2-0 lead and were in control until the final 20 minutes when Cobourg scored and pushed hard to the final whistle. Brooke Kupke had the Wolves' tally. They also beat Bayside, the top seed in Quinte, 7-1 in the semifinals.
"They didn't have their full team last week so we knew they'd be tough," Driscoll said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United took care of their Champions League business on Tuesday evening when they came from a goal down to see off CSKA Moscow 2-1 and seal top spot in Group A.
That means - in theory, at least - the Red Devils will get an easier last-16 draw, when they will be paired with a group stage runner-up when the knockout stages are played in the New Year.
But will that be the case? After Wednesday night's final group games we have an idea of how the draw will look.
The draw for the last-16 will take place in a hollowed out UEFA volcano (probably) on Monday morning, but who can the Red Devils face?
(Image: Gareth Copley)
Here are the confirmed runners-up, plus those who are still in contention....
Confirmed runners-up
Bayern Munich
Juventus
Real Madrid
Sevilla
Shakhtar Donetsk
Porto
(Image: Getty)
And while the list of potential runners-up doesn't look as fearsome, there are still some tricky looking ties.
You can follow the draw as it happens right here at MirrorFootball on Monday morning.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
BUSINESS
(123RF)
The Korea Centers for Disease Control & Prevention said that it has discovered that an existing drug substance inhibits the replication of the H5N1 virus that causes the highly pathogenic avian influenza.The Korea National Institute of Health under the KCDC has newly found through in-lab tests on mice that the drug substance mycophenolic mofetil represses the replication of the H5N1 influenza virus.Mycophenolic mofetil is a US FDA-approved drug substance used to address rejection episodes in organ transplants and to treat various autoimmune diseases.In addition, the mice's cells infected with the H5N1 virus showed more stabilized autoimmune responses when injected with the drug substance, KNIH said.It is the first time that scientists have established such a causal link between mycophenolic mofetil and the H5N1 virus, according to the KNIH. The findings were published in the scientific journal Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications this month.Researchers at KNIH infected lab mice with the H5N1 influenza virus provided for research by the World Health Organization. They discovered that the mice that were injected with the drug displayed anti-viral activities and more stabilized autoimmune responses.In particular, mycophenolic mofetil was found to act on the virus in different ways than those of existing neuraminidase-targeting avian influenza treatments including Roche's oseltamivir, widely known as Tamiflu, and GlaxoSmithKline's zanamivir, sold under the name Relenza.“These results indicated that MMF could represent a novel inhibitor of viral replication and a potent immunomodulator for the treatment of H5N1 virus infection,” the KNIH team wrote.Looking ahead, KNIH said it plans to conduct clinical trials to prove the anti-viral properties of mycophenolic mofetil and later commercialize the drug for the treatment of avian influenza.According to the WHO, H5N1 is a type of influenza virus that causes a highly infectious, severe respiratory disease in birds called avian influenza, or bird flu.Human cases of H5N1 avian influenza occur only occasionally, and the infection is not easily transmitted from person to person. But when people do become infected, the mortality rate reaches around 60 percent.By Sohn Ji-young ( jys@heraldcorp.com
Medicaid Cuts In Wisconsin Would Undermine Training For Adults With Disabilities
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sara Stathas for NPR Sara Stathas for NPR
It's morning meeting time at Our Place Day Services, a day center for adults with disabilities, housed in a small concrete and glass building on Lovers Lane in Slinger, Wis.
About 30 people are gathered here, around a long table, reciting the pledge of allegiance. One man paces alongside the table, another sits in a wheelchair a few feet away. There's a woman holding a baby in her lap and a friendly dog — a goldendoodle — wandering around greeting people with a sniff and a lick.
A modest operation based north of Milwaukee, on Interstate 43, Our Place serves as a safe place for people with severe cognitive disabilities to spend their days and learn news skills while the family members who usually care for them are at work.
Clients at Our Place can participate in fun activities — do art or go bowling with staff from the center — and they also work on specific skills like money management or cooking. The center provides the sort of crucial support services that many people are concerned will no longer be offered if Republicans proceed with their planned cuts to Medicaid.
On this Monday morning the clients at Our Place are sharing their goals — big and small. One man wants to finish a mosaic he's working on, while a woman down the table says she hopes to go to the movies with a friend someday.
Danielle Wirsbinski reads from a long list.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sara Stathas for NPR Sara Stathas for NPR
"To have a job, to do more volunteering, learn new skills, talk .... taking classes, go to school, to live on my own," she says.
Another group member, Eric S. (who asked that we not use his last name because he's not comfortable going public about his condition), describes the work he's doing to be able to live on his own someday.
"Learning how to cook with Justine. Justine teaches me how to shop," he says, referring to Justine Orr, a staffer who works with him at Our Place. "I learn how to clean with Justine and I did safety skills in the home."
"We help men and women become the men and women they were meant to be," says Donna Ellenbecker, director of Our Place.
But she's worried about the Republican plan to overhaul Medicaid.
All but one of her 33 clients pay for their classes and care at Our Place with Medicaid dollars. Wisconsin's Medicaid system includes a program called IRIS that grants people with disabilities a budget, based on their level of need, to use for services that help them live in the community.
The state's approach is part of a national trend in recent decades to move people with severe developmental disabilities out of institutional settings by providing the support they and their families need to live more independently – either with their families, in community-based group homes or even on their own.
"Many of our people are interested in having their own apartment someday, and are living with their parents now," Ellenbecker says. "They really need some help with the everyday skills of cooking and cleaning and doing the things that everyone else does to be able to live independently."
President Trump and Republicans in Congress want to restructure the way Medicaid is funded. Instead of paying for all the medical care and services beneficiaries need, the health care bill Republicans passed through the House last month would grant each state a fixed sum per beneficiary based on what the state has spent in the past.
That per-capita allowance would increase over time, but at a slower rate than health care costs generally rise. So the Congressional Budget Office estimates that Medicaid funding under the plan would be 25 percent less in 10 years than it would be under current law.
"We're no longer going to measure compassion by the number of programs or the number of people on those programs but by the number of people we got off those programs," White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said last month. "We're no longer going to measure compassion by the amount of money that we spend but by the number of people that we help."
While Medicaid is best known as a health care program for poor people, more than 80 percent of its budget goes to care for the elderly, children and people with disabilities, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation. Only 15 percent goes to health care for able-bodied adults, the people that Mulvaney was likely referring to in his remarks.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sara Stathas for NPR Sara Stathas for NPR
The program has been growing in recent years and it now makes up almost 10 percent of federal spending. That's why it's the top target in President Trump's proposed budget, and figures prominently in the House Republican proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Some estimates suggest the program could be cut by more than a trillion dollars over 10 years.
But some Republicans in the Senate, who are now hammering out their own plan to replace Obamacare, are hesitant to make such big cuts to services for the poor, elderly people and those with disabilities.
The people who come to Our Place each day aren't likely to be among those who can "get off" Medicaid. They're likely to need care and support services for their entire lives.
Ellenbecker describes how her program helps people engage in the community.
"We actually have a class that's a date," she says. "You know, 'how you go to the movies with a friend.' "
That everyday joy has a number of steps — you have to figure out transportation, money, movie times and simply how to choose a seat in a theater.
To navigate all that, the woman who'd listed going to a movie as one of her goals "would need somebody to come with her to help her with all of those things," Ellenbecker says, "because she doesn't have the skills to be able to do it independently right now."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sara Stathas for NPR Sara Stathas for NPR
Other group members benefit from a job coach who can help them learn how to find and do a job, or keep one. Others need help managing money, cleaning their homes or getting to work. And other clients have even more basic needs, such as personal care and help with eating.
Ellenbecker worries that if the current Republican plan is passed, or the kinds of budget cuts Trump is proposing go through, the money for those support services just won't be there.
"It's a 25 percent cut you know, and a 25 percent cut it is going to affect these programs," she says. "There's no way that a 25 percent cut can come out of any other program — except long-term care."
That's because many support services are considered optional under the law that governs Medicaid. So, if state lawmakers are forced to choose between say, job coaches, and traditional medical care, the job coaching is likely to lose out.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Keith Chegwin's showbiz pals came together to celebrate the TV legend's legacy back where his career rocketed - on breakfast TV.
GMTV's Fiona Phillips, comedian Bobby Davro and former children's entertainer Timmy Mallett reunited on Tuesday's Good Morning Britain, a day after it was announced Chegger's had tragically passed away at the age of 60.
Speaking from his home in Essex, long-term friend Davro revealed he'd seen Keith recently and said he was still on top form despite his health battle.
"He didn't worry about anything anything anymore and he looked fantastic," he said.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: GMTV)
(Image: GMTV)
Speaking about his good friend's decade-spanning TV career, Davro added: "He always talked to everyone from the crew to the public.
"I've never heard a bad word said about that man. That incredible smile, that enthusiasm," he added.
"We will all miss him. Wherever he's gone he's cheering them up," said an emotional Davro.
(Image: ITV)
In his own words, Keith rose to fame on the Big Breakfast and then GMTV "knocking on doors and surprising mums in their nighties all over the country," with huge cheques.
Speaking about being back on morning television former co-star Fiona Phillips said "It feels like he's here with us."
The presenter who worked closely with Keith on GMTV described Cheggers as 'a spark in the crowd.'
"The studio had so much energy and laughter in it as soon as he walked in," she said.
"We used to do road shows on GMTV and he loved those... and he didn't have to but he'd always warm the crowd up.
(Image: ITV)
Long-term friend Timmy Mallett added: "He was always grateful for any opportunity to perform and meet people."
The former children's TV presenter revealed that Keith had recently moved back to Shropshire to be closer to his son who was at university.
Talking about the moment he realised his friend was seriously ill, Timmy said: "I was cycling by his house a few months ago and I text him to say 'shall I pop in for a cuppa?"
"He replied to say 'actually I'm not too well at the moment, maybe another time?"'
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
In a statement released on Monday, Keith's family said: "We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year."
"Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. His wife Maria, his daughter Rose and his son Ted were by his side."
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for his role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described him as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where he had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted him and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
She added that other members of his community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to his reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But his release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but he cannot leave the country. He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing him access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of his bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
