NEW DELHI: Rain fell on much of northern India on Monday, including the National Capital Territory (NCT). The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted cloudy skies with a possibility of light rain on Tuesday, with the minimum temperature beginning its winter slide.
"The maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to hover at 23 and 10 degrees respectively tomorrow," a Met Department representative told news agency PTI.
Trace amounts of dampened Delhi and its surrounding areas, possibly indicating the coming of the winter. The rains across the northern plains follow days of snow across many parts of Himachal Pradesh.
The minimum temperature in Delhi settled around 8.2 degress Celsius, one degree below the normal for December 11. However, the maximum temperature, at 24.2 degrees Celsius, was one degree above normal.
The IMD forecast sees the temperatures holding steady till the weekend, followed by a drop in the minimums. The Met Department's seven-day forecast saw the minimum settling at 7 degrees Celsius on Sunday.
The Met Department has also predicted rainfall in Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, northern Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Delhi on Tuesday. Jammu and Kashmir could receive hail or thundershowers.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday presented Union Budget 2018, the last full budget of the Narendra Modi government before the next Lok Sabha elections. Jaitley's budget focused on agriculture sector and also brought a health insurance programme which would give Rs 5 lakh per year per family.
Just two days after the budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley spoke exclusively to Zee Media on various announcements made by him during his Union Budget speech on February 1. Here are the highlights:
An Ottawa company that tests for infection-causing bacteria says the germs that cause Legionnaires' disease went above acceptable levels in more than one-third of federal government buildings it sampled last summer.
Four of the 51 buildings tested were at least 10 times over the limit for Legionella bacteria. One building was at least 100 times over the limit.
But none of the buildings are being publicly identified by Public Services and Procurement Canada, which sponsored the research.
Legionnaires' disease is a severe form of pneumonia caused by a natural bacterium called legionella, which multiplies in the warm, humid environment of big ventilation systems.
The bug can spread through the moisture in ventilation, but not from person to person. It is named for the 1976 convention of the American Legion in Philadelphia where it was first identified. It killed 29 people there.
This newspaper asked Public Services and Procurement Canada which buildings were tested and the results of those tests. PSPC did not respond to this newspaper's questions.
Spartan Biosciences of Ottawa participated in the 12-week test comparing its technology, which does DNA testing in about 45 minutes, with traditional “culture” tests. A culture test involves taking a sample and shipping it to a lab, which takes up to two weeks to grow more bacteria and then count them.
But there's a problem with cultures. Legionella bacteria can die during the shipping, which results in a false “all-clear” result.
Paul Lem, Spartan's chief executive officer, says the traditional testing gave false negative readings (i.e. it missed bacteria that were present) about 62 per cent of the time in the trial last summer.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have found that tests for the bacterium can underestimate its numbers by 10 times or more.
“Back in 2013 they (the CDC) actually wanted to make on-demand DNA testing the standard, but the technology didn't exist,” he said.
The PSPC project ran from August to October, with 650 tests in 51 buildings. Buildings were in Ottawa, Toronto and Montreal, but are not identified in the study.
The tests examined water in cooling towers on the roof — big tanks that absorb heat pumped out by the ventilation systems. The warm water can breed bacteria quickly, and regulations call for regular testing, because water droplets from the cooling tower can be recirculated back into the building's air.
“The results are shocking,” Lem said. “We have 39 per cent of these cooling towers in buildings that are above 10 bacteria per millilitre. That's the action level where you go and disinfect buildings. And eight per cent had levels 10 times higher than that,” requiring a more extensive cleanup.
The company adds in a release that “four out of 51 cooling towers attached to federal buildings had so much of the disease-causing Legionella bacteria they would have to be flushed out with disinfectant, according to existing standards. That was despite the fact Ottawa has one of the world's most stringent Legionella-testing regimes.”
Lem said disinfection involves chlorine “shock” treatment, similar to a swimming pool.
Lem, a medical doctor who began a residency in infectious diseases before moving on to Spartan, said he would not want to work in one of the buildings with high bacterial counts.
Public Health Ontario says this province had 203 confirmed cases of Legionnaires' disease in the past year, similar to numbers for mumps and meningitis.
It does not break down numbers by city.
“It's troubling to see harmful levels of Legionella found in any federal building, and we expect all safety precautions to be put in place immediately once discovered,” Robyn Benson, president of the Public Service Alliance of Canada, said in a statement.
She wants monitoring done every week in warm weather when bacteria are more likely to multiply. She also wants consultation with health and safety committees.
A Legionnaires' outbreak in Quebec City killed 13 people in 2013, and another killed 16 in New York in 2015.
Lem argues it is likely that there are more cases that are not recognized. The disease causes pneumonia symptoms, and he says it is likely that some of the pneumonia cases in hospitals are caused by this bacterium, but are not identified specially as Legionnaires'.
The bacterium is natural he said, with “low levels in lakes and streams and in the soil.” But the warm water of a cooling tower gives them a chance to multiply.
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
By the numbers:
51 Federal buildings tested in 2017
31 Buildings with cooling towers within acceptable limit
20 Buildings above acceptable limit
4 Buildings at least 10 times over the limit
1 Building at least 100 times over the limit
203 Known cases of Legionnaires' disease in Ontario in past 12 months.
The Better Business Bureau of Minnesota and North Dakota is warning of an unclaimed property impersonation scheme designed to collect fees – which are not due – from people who might have unclaimed property being held at the state level. The BBB reminds people they can perform free searches to determine whether or not they have unclaimed property with the state in which they live or any state where they used to reside.
Unclaimed property refers to accounts or assets held in financial institutions and companies that have had no activity or account holder contact with the owner for one year or more. This can include savings or checking accounts, refunds, customer overpayments, as well as contents of safe deposit boxes. Companies are required by law to send funds from lost accounts to the state of the owner's last known address. That means people could potentially have unclaimed property in every state where they have previously resided. State agencies hold these funds indefinitely. In 2015, $3.2 billion worth of unclaimed property was returned to rightful owners, of a total of $7.8 billion collected.
“We understand letters and emails, purporting to be from the National Association of Unclaimed Property Administrators (NAUPA) have gone out to consumers,” said Susan Adams Loyd, President and CEO of BBB of Minnesota and North Dakota. “However, these communications – which claim the state has unclaimed property in their names worth vast amounts of money and seek an upfront fee – are not legitimate. NAUPA does not notify owners of forgotten or missing funds.”
People who are curious to know if they have lost or unclaimed property with a given state or states can check NAUPA's website (unclaimed.org/) or missingmoney.com, which is endorsed by NAUPA and has official records of unclaimed property from many states and most U.S. territories. Check for property in every jurisdiction in which you have resided. Though it is free to search, you may have to pay a small fee to obtain the property.
NAUPA's website states some firms will notify individuals that they will conduct a search for unclaimed property in their name for a fee. However, many states do not even provide complete records to these firms in order to protect your privacy.
While you may certainly pay a firm to perform such searches if you wish, all the information is accessible free of charge by searching the state databases or by contacting any state unclaimed property office.
In addition, according to NAUPA, there are many businesses (sometimes called finders or locators) that find legitimate lost property for owners and inform them how to obtain it for a fee, usually a percentage of the total (some states limit the fee to 10 percent). Sometimes, companies will hire these firms to find you before they turn the funds over to the state. Ultimately the finder will ask you to sign a contract.
The majority of firms that provide these services work within the law, but people should always be on the look for unclaimed property scams. To ensure the firm you're working with is legitimate, do some research at BBB (bbb.org) or with any state unclaimed property office before signing a contract. In Minnesota, the Minnesota Department of Commerce has an Unclaimed Property Unit, which refers people to missingmoney.com. North Dakota's Department of Trust Lands oversees their Unclaimed Property Division: land.nd.gov/unclaimedproperty.
NAUPA offers the following tips to prevent your accounts or possessions from being designated as unclaimed property:
• Deposit or cash all checks for dividends, wages, insurance settlements, etc. without delay.
• Respond to legitimate requests for confirmation of account balances and stockholder proxies. Keep close track of your assets and investments.
• If you have a safe deposit box, record its number, bank name and address, and give the extra key to a trusted person.
• Prepare and file a will clearly outlining the disposition of your assets.
For more information on how to recover unclaimed property, visit unclaimed.org/.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On the 27th day of the 10th month, George North's body finally said 'Enough!' — followed quickly by his mind.
Rugby had consumed winger North through autumn and winter, spring and into summer. First with Northampton, then Wales and the British and Irish Lions.
In game No.29, his season ended abruptly when he tore a hamstring in New Zealand. Just as he had done the year before.
“I was physically and mentally ­shattered,” the wing revealed. “I needed to get away from rugby as quick as I could. I didn't stay for the third Test. I logged out of social media and went completely off the radar.
“I told my old man I was going 'Missing In Action' for a bit. I totally switched off.”
(Image: AFP/Getty)
(Image: Getty Images)
Three months have now passed, and the smile has returned.
Saints are top of the Premiership and North has scored in his last three games.
Gone is the player who had ­appeared wary of contact after a string of serious head knocks. The 25-year-old is back at full bore.
If ever there was a case study for why rugby's season should NOT be extended by another month as club chiefs propose, North is it.
“There's such a physical and mental demand on you to perform each week,” he said. “You need proper time away to get yourself fired up and ready to go again.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
For five weeks after he left ­Wellington a broken man, North ­repaired body and soul — first on ­holiday, then at the ­Eisteddfod, where he was made an honorary druid, then coaching kids at Llangefni, his first club, on the isle of Anglesey.
“People don't appreciate how big the impacts are,” he explained. “And you have to do it again and again and again. Then you're asked to step up internationally and do it more.
“After a long season, you're ­horrendously tired — and last season was a hell of a long one.
“The club was in a bit of difficulty and in times of need you always want to front up for your mates.”
Having earned Lions legend status on the 2013 tour to Australia, North felt ­pressure to live up to those standards next time up in New Zealand four years later.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
“It's difficult, because in that ­environment you're pushing every day as there's such competition,” he added. “For your own pride you take yourself to the next level again.”
Omitted from the first Test, he went into the game against Super Rugby side the Hurricanes three days later thinking a big performance would put him back in contention.
He duly scored a try... and then his hamstring went.
The Lions' loss is proving to be Northampton's gain.
Armed with that knowledge, Saints should be the first to oppose any expansion talks.
As North concluded: “The season at the moment is hard enough. To extend it further would be silly.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Duke of Cambridge has called for an end to the "stiff upper lip" culture, saying he wants Prince George and Princess Charlotte to be able to talk about their emotions.
Prince William has teamed up with pop superstar Lady Gaga to encourage people to open up about their feelings and bring an end to the "shame" of talking about mental health issues.
In a video watched by around 15,000 people live on Facebook, William and Lady Gaga chatted about how important speaking freely about mental health can be in helping to shatter the stigma around it.
The Duke, who is pilot for the East Anglian Air Ambulance, said: "It's time that everyone speaks up and really feels very normal about mental health, it's the same as physical health.
"Everybody has mental health and we shouldn't be ashamed of it and just having a conversation with a friend or family member can really make such a difference."
(Photo: Heads Together campaign/PA Wire)
William, who with his brother Harry and the Duchess of Cambridge have championed the Heads Together campaign, has has called for an end to the "stiff upper lip" culture, saying he wants Prince George and Princess Charlotte to be able to talk about their emotions.
Speaking from Kensington Palace to Lady Gaga at her home in Hollywood, William told the singer many of the issues he had seen from his work with veterans, homelessness and addiction charities stemmed from mental health issues.
And he praised her bravery in revealing through an open letter last year that she lives with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Lady Gaga said her changing mental health had "changed my life" and she had been "very nervous at first" speaking about it.
(Photo: Heads Together campaign/PA Wire)
She said: "For me, waking up every day and feeling sad and going on stage is something that is very hard to describe.
"There is a lot of shame attached to mental illness, you feel like something's wrong with you.
"In my life I go, 'oh my goodness, look at all these beautiful, wonderful things that I have, I should be so happy', but you can't help it if in the morning when you wake up you are so tired, you are so sad, you are so full of anxiety and the shakes that you can barely think.
"It was like saying, 'this is a part of me and that's OK'."
Lady Gaga said talking more openly about mental health would allow people dealing with it to feel like "we are not hiding any more".
She said: "Even though it was hard, (it was) the best thing that could come out of my mental illness was to share it with other people and let our generation, as well as other generations, know that if you are feeling not well in your mind that you're not alone and that people that you think would never have a problem, do.
"We have to make the strongest, most relentless attempt we can to normalise mental health issues, so that people feel like they can come forward."
(Photo: Arthur Edwards/The Sun/PA Wire)
William added: "It's OK to have this conversation, it's really important to have this conversation and that you won't be judged.
"It's so important to break open that fear and that taboo which is only going to lead to more problems down the line."
It comes after Prime Minister Theresa May praised Prince Harry for his bravery in revealing that he sought counselling to come to terms with the death of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales.
Harry, who was 12 when his mother was killed in a car crash in Paris, has revealed that it too him until his late 20s to process his grief.
In an interview with the Daily Telegraph, Harry, 32, said he spent nearly 20 years "not thinking" about her death and eventually got help after two years of "total chaos".
He admitted shutting down his emotions after losing his mother had "a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well", and that he eventually sought help after his brother told him he needed to deal with his feelings.
Responding to his comments, Mrs May said: "Mental health problems affect people of all ages and all backgrounds.
"The bravery of those in public positions who speak out about their experiences helps smash the stigma around mental health and will help thousands of people to realise they are not alone.
"If we are to tackle this injustice, we must forge a new approach that recognises our responsibility to each other, and make mental illness an everyday concern for all of us and in every one of our institutions."
Cambridge and Peterborough NHS Foundation Trust, which runs mental health and community service also praised the prince.
A spokesman said: "As a Trust which provides mental health services we are always really heartened when someone as high profile as Prince Harry opens up about about the positives of counselling.
"It helps to show others they are not alone and reduces stigma around mental ill health.
"Anyone in a similar position registered with a GP in Cambridgeshire and Peterborough can refer themselves directly to our Psychological Wellbeing Service via our website - cpft.nhs.uk - or speak to their doctor."
Heads Together, an umbrella organisation for mental health charities, is the London Marathon's charity of the year, and on Tuesday William will attend a screening of BBC documentary Mind Over Marathon, which follows a group of runners affected by mental health as they prepare for the race.
The Duke and Duchess and Harry, who hope the race will be known as "the mental health marathon", will hand out medals on the finish line in the Mall on Sunday
Aussies medal in Laser and 49er at 2017 Aarhus Sailing Week
Matt Wearn - Aarhus Sailing World Championship Test Event 2017 Australian Sailing Team / Beau Outteridge Matt Wearn - Aarhus Sailing World Championship Test Event 2017 Australian Sailing Team / Beau Outteridge
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/156410
by Megan McKay today at 6:01 amLeading the way for the Aussies were our Laser sailors. Matt Wearn took the Gold in the Laser fleet, with Rio 2016 Gold Medallist, Tom Burton close behind in second place. Sailing in a south-westerly breeze of 11-15 knots, gusting up to 20 knots, the day proved challenging for the fleet.“It was a bit of a snakes and ladders kind of day,” said Wearn at the conclusion of racing. “Anything can happen in these conditions.“I'm really happy to finish off with the win. There's a really wide range of conditions here in Aarhus– which really suits me.”“Finishing second overall was a nice way to get back into the Laser,” said Tom Burton at the end of the regatta. “I'm pretty happy with how I'm sailing - I'm comfortable back in the boat and I'm looking forward to the coming weeks and the world championships ahead.”Victoria's Jeremy O'Connell finished the regatta in 13th overall, in a fleet of 62 boats.In the 49er class, brothers Sam and Will Phillips of Victoria took the Silver medal, just ahead of West Australia's David Gilmour and Queensland's Joel Turner in the bronze medal position. The Austrian team of Bildstein and Hussl won the 49er event.“We were in the lead going into today,” said Sam Phillips. “Our first two races went quite well and we had a two point lead going into the last race. Unfortunately in the last race we slipped back in the field and the Austrians were able to take the regatta.”“However, we're happy with how we're sailing and we're very comfortable going into the worlds,” said Will Phillips.Lachy Gilmour and Ryan Donaldson of Western Australia finished in 13th overall.In the 49erFX. Victoria's Tess Lloyd and Eliza Solly finished just outside the medals in fourth place. They were the best placed Aussies, with Amelia Stabback and Ella Clark in sixth place, Haylee Outteridge and Nina Curtis in 10th position and Caitlin Elks and Hayley Clark in 12th“We got some good points out of the final day,” said Lloyd. “We haven't raced like this before. It was great practice going into the worlds in a couple of weeks.”In the 470 Women's event, Rio Olympians Carrie Smith and Jaime Ryan finished their regatta in fifth place.It was a similar result for our Nacra 17 Rio Olympic Silver Medallists, Jason Waterhouse and Lisa Darmanin. Unfortunately the Nacra fleet were unable to race their final medal races due to the new foiling boats being recalled by the manufacturer.In the Laser Radial, Rio Olympian Ashley Stoddart finished sixth overall. She was the best-placed Aussie with Elyse Ainsworth in 12th, Mara Stransky in 14th Marlena Berzins in 20th.In the Finn class, Rio Olympian Jake Lilley finished 10th overall in the Finn fleet. Jock Clavert finished 28th and Lewis Brake 30th.• Will and Sam Phillips (VIS) – AST: 1,1,1, 2, 3, 18, 12, 17, (29), 12, 5, 5, 3, 1, 2 – second overall• David Gilmour (WAIS) and Joel Turner (QAS) – ASS: (21), 4,13, 5, 5, 7, 9, 15, 1, 6, 19, 7, 5, 6, 1 – third overall• Lachy Gilmour and Ryan Donaldson (WAIS) – ASS: 3, 7, 20, 16.6 (RDG), 16.6 (RDG), 3, 22, 20, (31), DNC, 8,13, 8 – 13th overall• Tess Lloyd and Eliza Solly (VIS) – ASS: 9, 3, 3, 3, 5, 10, 8, 5, 3, 10, (12), 8, 9, 6, 2 – fourth overall• Amelia Stabback (NSWIS) and Ella Clark (WAIS) – ASS: (14), 4, 11, 9, 6, 8, 7, 8, 10, 5, 9, 1, 3, 9, 8 – sixth overall• Haylee Outteridge and Nina Curtis (NSWIS) – ASS: 11, (16), 10, 5, 2, 9, 5, 14, 12, 3, 14, 12, 8, 10, 7 – 10th overall• Caitlin Elks and Hayley Clark (WAIS) – ASS: 12, 9, 4, 17, (22 DNF), 22 DNC, 4, 12, 13, 11, 13, 5 – 12th overall• Jason Waterhouse and Lisa Darmanin (NSWIS) – AST: 3, 10, 2, 4, 7, 1, 5, (12), 5, 8 – fifth overall• Jake Lilley (QAS) – AST: 1, 8, 6, 9, 15, 5, (24), 21, 19, 6, 12 – 10th overall• Jock Calvert (TIS) – ASS: 29, 24, 25, 30, 29, 24, (31 BFD), 26, 12, 22 – 28th• Lewis Brake (QAS) – CTS: 25, 26, (29), 24, 21, 29, 23, 29, 27, 26 – 30th overall• Matt Wearn (WAIS) – AST: 2, 3, 3, 3, (33), 6, 7, 13, 9, 10 – first overall• Tom Burton (NSWIS) – AST: 3, 2, 8, 1, 26, 4, 3, 12, (54), 6 – second overall• Jeremy O'Connell (VIS) – ASS: (39), 5, 25, 30, 37, 2, 9, 6, 3, - 13th overall• Ashley Stoddart (QAS) – AST: (17), 2, 5, 10, 7, 13, 11, 10, 12, 2 – sixth overall• Elyse Ainsworth (WAIS) – ASS: 16, 11, (20), 9, 2, 18, 3, 13, 17 – 12th overall• Mara Stransky (QAS) – ASS: 8, 17, 13, 12, 10, (29 UFD), 14, 11, 20 – 14th overall• Marlena Berzins (NSWIS) – ASS: 9, 19, 16, 20, (29 DNC), 29 DNC, 16, 19, 9, - 20th overall• Carrie Smith (WAIS) and Jaime Ryan (QAS) – ASS: 5, 9, 5, 3, 6, 1, (10), 9, 5, 6 – fifth overall
All Songs Considered: The Year In Music 2017
toggle caption Courtesy of the artists
Music and politics have a long history and in 2017, a new chapter in their fraught and complicated relationship burst open. It began on a weekend in January with the Presidential inauguration and the Women's March on Washington, D.C. (and around the globe) that followed. That's when the new resistance movement got its first anthem, courtesy Los Angeles-based singer MILCK and her defiant song, "Quiet." She and other women sang the empowering ballad against sexual assault and abuse a cappella during the march, and it turned out to be a prescient chorus for what would unfold throughout the year.
It was a strong year for guitar rock, the best of it coming from relatively younger bands dominated by women: Jay Som, Charly Bliss, Vagabon, Waxahatchee, Diet Cig, Palehound, Chastity Belt, Girlpool, Daddy Issues, Partner. The list goes on and on.
2017 was also a year when many beloved artists abandoned the sounds their fans first fell in love with to try something new. Weezer and Beck dove deep into pop and all its tropes; St. Vincent and Torres largely traded electric guitar for synths and pulsing soundscapes. Bands that once dominated many top 10 lists — Arcade Fire, Grizzly Bear, The xx — all released records that fell way below expectations.
There was so much more that happened in 2017 — more than we could ever get to in a single episode of All Songs Considered — but we do our best on this edition to hit the highlights (and a few low points), with NPR Music's Ann Powers and Stephen Thompson.
Come back later this week for NPR Music's Top 50 Albums and Top 100 Songs from 2017, along with our personal Top 10 lists and more.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
7 Decades After Its Creation, The Idea Of Whom Belongs In Pakistan Narrows
Seventy years ago Monday, Muslims on the Indian subcontinent got their own country: Pakistan. But in the decades since, the idea of who belongs there has changed.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Seventy years ago, the British buckled to immense pressure and finally granted India its independence. It came, however, with a catch. India's Muslims, who were distrustful of the Hindu majority, got the Brits to split India and to carve out a new country, Pakistan. In the decades since, though, the question of who is a proper Pakistani has turned into a deadly debate. What kind of Muslim counts? Who is devout enough? NPR's Diaa Hadid reports from Wagah on the Pakistan-India border.
UNIDENTIFIED DEMONSTRATORS: (Chanting in foreign language).
DIAA HADID, BYLINE: I'm standing at the Wagah border, and this is where Pakistanis come to celebrate who they are. This is a stadium-style structure, and there are hundreds of Pakistanis here. And they're in their finery. The kids are waving green and white Pakistani flags, and some of the women even decorated their hands with henna. And the whole thing is lit by the glow of people's cellphones.
Every evening, soldiers from Pakistan and India, neighbors and rivals, hold a ceremony to close their border. It's a gate with stadiums on either side for spectators. The soldiers high kick, shake their fists, then shake hands and slam the gate shut. Kabir Mirza is here with his family, and he says he's proud of his country.
KABIR MIRZA: Pakistan is my soul, actually. I can do anything for Pakistan. I can die for it.
HADID: It's a popular sentiment at the Wagah border where you can see how passionate people are. Pakistan was imagined over 70 years ago by a stern, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Mohammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a country as cosmopolitan as he was. But Pakistan's very identity as a Muslim state sowed the seeds of intolerance says Taimur Rahman, a political scientist.
TAIMUR RAHMAN: By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one. And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further.
HADID: Rahman says the narrowing of Pakistan's identity has been made worse by the military, the country's most powerful institution, which fostered hardline Islamic groups.
RAHMAN: Despite never having won an election, they are, nonetheless, able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment.
HADID: So the definition of who gets to be a Pakistani continues to narrow.
RAHMAN: For the state, a good Pakistani is a man. He is a Muslim, obviously, a Sunni Muslim, sadly, religious, who loves his army and the state, and hates democratic movements and, certainly, hates liberal Pakistan.
HADID: To understand this, I went to a leafy suburb near Lahore. The Khans live here in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Khan says she stands on their balcony every morning, waiting for her husband to return home from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
KHAN: Terrorism, terrorism and always we are frightened for the life.
HADID: She is afraid because they are Ahmadis, a Muslim sect whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. Ahmadis played a key role in the founding of the country, and an Ahmadi received one of the only two Nobel Prizes that Pakistan has ever been awarded. But the state declared them as heretics, and over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and killed them on the streets. Most of Khan's family fled overseas, but she insists on staying because she runs a clinic that dispenses free medicine to her poorer neighbors.
KHAN: More people will suffer. And I will what to do there? I will just sit and eat. This is their - not meaning of life.
HADID: But the roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state. The oral historian Anam Zakaria traces it back to Pakistan's birth story, the time of partition when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other. Around a million people were killed. But Zakaria says those events are pushed aside.
ANAM ZAKARIA: Now, if it's your biggest victory to date, you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians, Hindus and Sikhs. And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan.
HADID: But there is a challenge now emerging to that narrative. A museum will look at partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy is an Oscar-winning filmmaker and heads the Citizens Archive project. They are building the museum in Lahore with the local government.
SHARMEEN OBAID-CHINOY: This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced.
HADID: Listening to survivors of partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, she says.
OBAID-CHINOY: This is the first step to ensure that we give everyone an equal voice.
HADID: But it's a race against time.
OBAID-CHINOY: We are literally catching the last witnesses. No history book will ever teach you an experience. You have to hear it in somebody's voice.
HADID: I had to hear one of those voices. So I came to the Lahore train station. I'm here to meet Yousef Baloch. He's a retired train worker, and this is still his favorite place.
YOUSEF BALOCH: (Foreign language spoken).
HADID: Yousef was about 10 during the partition. He used to play here at this station.
BALOCH: (Through interpreter) The train was crowded. I saw people sitting on the top of the train.
HADID: He's talking about the trains crammed with Muslims arriving to Pakistan, Hindus and Sikhs heading the other way.
BALOCH: (Through interpreter) I saw on the platform women who were alive but wounded. I saw dead women.
HADID: People arrived dead to their new homeland and became symbolic of the partition's violence.
BALOCH: (Through interpreter) They would come on platform number two.
HADID: Yousef also wants to talk about what happened to him during partition. He recalls a Hindu woman he calls Mrs. Verma. She was a doctor. Around partition, some of the Muslim women she was tending to died in childbirth, including Yousef's mother.
BALOCH: (Foreign language spoken).
HADID: Rumors spread. Mrs. Verma was killing the Muslim women. Days after Yousef's mother died, his father and other men followed her down a street and murdered her.
BALOCH: (Foreign language spoken).
HADID: He says, "my father did not regret killing Mrs. Verma. The people's minds were poisoned." He said nobody died at Mrs. Verma's hands before, why now?
BALOCH: (Foreign language spoken).
HADID: Yousef regrets those frenzied days. He remembers chanting, we will kill and we will be killed, but we will have Pakistan at any price. He says age and introspection have mellowed him. The challenge, he says, today, is to provoke that feeling in his country's proud, flag-waving patriots. Diaa Hadid, NPR News, Lahore.
(SOUNDBITE OF LUKE PHILLIP'S, "ISLAMABAD")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Star Wars fans have named Han Solo the best character of the popular franchise, while the famous ‘I am your Father' scene is the greatest moment.
The love interest of Princess Leia and father of Kylo-Ren, played by Harrison Ford, came top of the poll, beating competition from the beloved Chewbacca and Jedi Master Yoda.
The popular bleeping bot R2-D2 and bad guy Darth Vader completed the top five.
It also emerged the average Star Wars fan has spent 63 hours and 48 minutes watching films from the series.
Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back was also named as the most watched film.
(Image: Lucasfilm)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Dean Cross, film content manager at Vue, which commissioned the research, said: “Star Wars continues to be a sell-out success as we prepare to welcome hordes of fans through our doors over the coming weeks.
“Our research revealed that Star Wars is the favourite film for over a third of the public and we're thrilled to help fans from all generations enjoy the latest instalment.”
The study, of 2,000-Star Wars fans, named the iconic moment where Darth Vader reveals his true identity and relationship with Luke Skywalker as the best movie moment.
Second place went to the Death Star attack in ‘A New Hope' followed by the Battle of Hoth from ‘The Empire Strikes Back'.
The pod race in The Phantom Menace and the scene in the Cantina Bar, in A New Hope, where Luke and Obi-Wan first encounter Hans Solo and Chewbacca completed the top five.
(Image: PA)
When it comes to Star Wars droids, R2-D2, unsurprisingly, grabs the spot for top bot, with C-3PO and BB-8 following close behind.
The Millennium Falcon was voted as the best starship, with the X-Wing Starfighter and Star Destroyer taking a back seat for second and third place.
The research, conducted via OnePoll.com , also revealed the most popular episode to be Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back, narrowly beating Episode VI – Return of the Jedi and Episode IV – A New Hope.
And each of the top three film choices have been watched by Star Wars enthusiasts five times.
Almost half of film buffs have had a movie ‘binge', with the average Star Wars splurge lasting four films – with a typical running time of nine hours.
(Image: Wikipedia)
One in ten have even watched the films in order all in one sitting, as opposed to the order they were released.
And four in ten agree this is the best order to enjoy the films in over other theories.
It also emerged almost one third have tried to get their kids into the film series, with the majority seeing their first film between the ages of seven and 12.
And three in ten say the space fantasy films are their favourite of all movies.
But while they have seen the Star Wars films over and over again, The Breakfast Club, It's a Wonderful Life and The Goonies are among the cult classics they are least likely to have seen.
Top 20 favourite Star Wars characters
Han Solo Chewbacca Yoda R2-D2 Darth Vader Luke Skywalker C-3PO Princess Leia Obi-Wan Kenobi Anakin Skywalker BB-8 Jabba the Hut Boba Fett Wicket the Ewok Jar Jar Binks Darth Maul Rey The Emperor Admiral Ackbar Padme Amidala
Top 5 goodies
Han Solo Luke Skywalker Princess Leia Yoda Obi-Wan Kenobi
Top 5 baddies
Darth Vader Jabba the Hutt Darth Maul Boba Fett Kylo Ren
Top 5 scenes
Parents are invited to learn about Ms. President US, a Ridgefield-based program that focuses on civic engagement and leadership skills for girls in fourth through eighth grades, Wednesday, June 28.
The event will take place at the Ridgefield Library's Dayton Program room from 7 to 8 p.m.
Orientation provides an overview of the program, the role of parents, background about the initiative, plans for future development, and an opportunity for questions and answers. Refreshments will be served.
All are welcome, regardless of enrollment status.
New Delhi: Six candidates filed their papers for the presidential election on the first day of nominations, officials said on Wednesday.
Earlier in the day, the Election Commission issued notification for the presidential poll, setting the ball in motion for the July 17 election to the country's highest constitutional post.
Those who filed nominations on Wednesday include K. Padmarajan from Salem in Tamil Nadu, who has earned the moniker of 'Election King' by contesting more than 150 elections.
His name figures in the Limca Book of Records for being the "most unsuccessful candidate".
Earlier, Padmarajan has contested against political bigwigs like J. Jayalalithaa, M. Karunanidhi, A.K. Anthony, P.V. Narasimha Rao, K.R. Narayanan, S.M. Krishna, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh (in Rajya Sabha polls) and President Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election.
Others who filed their nominations were Anand Singh Kushwaha from Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh, A. Bala Raj from Mahbubnagar in Telangana, Saira Bano Patel from Mumbai, Abdul Hamid Patel from Mumbai, and Kondekar Vijayprakash from Pune in Maharashtra.
Lok Sabha Secretary General Anoop Mishra, the Returning Officer for the election, issued the notification that the nomination papers may be delivered by a candidate or any of their proposers/seconders not later than June 28.
Voting will take place from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on July 17 at places fixed under the rules.
The vote count will be on July 20, four days before incumbent Pranab Mukherjee's term ends on July 24. The new President is set to assume office the following day.
Americans touring Russia is up 25% this year.Russia-gate, hackers, nerve gas hitmen in London, low budget Russian cyber mind-control forcing Americans to vote for Trump, global warming, global cooling, the expanding federal budget deficit, guilty until proven innocent, and the list goes on... and on... and then some. According to popular media, we can all rest assured that these evils can be laid squarely at the feet of Russia's President Putin.Seems that Vladimir Putin can not only pull Russia upwards socio-economically during sanctions, yet still has the leisure time and interest to get involved in fomenting just about every misery known, and unknown on this planet. That would certainly qualify him as a being able to walk and chew gum simultaneously, an amazingly competent multi-tasker!It is true that American tourism fell a bit during the Ukraine crisis of 2014 and immediately following, but since then the numbers have picked up and have even surpassed the years before. Today, the numbers have broken all records.The numbers show that in 2017 about 6,700 new hotel rooms were built in Russia, which is double those built in 2016.As for hotel operators, in 2017 saw the opening of two Hyatt hotels in Moscow and Vladivostok, Lotte in St. Petersburg and Golden Tulip in the Moscow region. In Sochi, the Courtyard by Marriott will add 345 rooms on the Russian Black Sea coast. Saransk, the smallest of the cities of the World Cup in 2018, will get a Sheraton. If it were not for sanctions there would probably be more.Whatever the reasons, political, cultural or just simple human interest, it is a welcome trend not only economically but as a very effective way to see what is actually going on in the largest (territorially) country on the planet. There is nothing better that seeing for yourself the huge gulf between what is reported and what truly is. For many who I have spoken with, this aspect has been a shock as preconceptions, prejudgement and popularized spin gives way to truth.One shocker for some Americans who go by the "Big Mac Index" is that dining in Russia on that famous burger, along with fries and a soft drink will run you about half of what it costs stateside. Must be the Russian cows, or a Putin conspiracy, and all of it evilly 100% GMO-free.For those concerned with internet access and all things digital, Moscow is one place to feel right at home.In short, as they say in the market, "the trend is your friend" is true in many ways, traveling to Russia is not just an eye opening experience, but also might enable seeing and understanding your own world and its values in a new, maybe different way.
IDFC Bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) fell 22.58% to Rs2,776.67 crore at the end of the December quarter from Rs3,586.70 crore in the same quarter last year. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: IDFC Bank Ltd on Friday reported a 23.6% decline in its fiscal third quarter profit due to fall in net interest income (NII), other income and higher other operating expenses.
Net profit fell to Rs146.11 crore for the quarter ended 31 December from Rs191.26 crore a year ago. According to four Bloomberg analysts' estimates, IDFC was expected to post a net profit of Rs178.80 crore.
NII or the core income a bank earns by giving loans decreased 5% to Rs494.96 crore compared with Rs520.77 crore last year. Other income was at Rs230.79 crore, down 31% from Rs334.20 crore a year ago. Other operating expenses surged 41% to Rs157.73 crore.
Asset quality improved and provisions fell sharply during the quarter. Provisions and contingencies fell 53.14% to Rs108.61 crore from Rs231.76 crore a year ago.
Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) fell 22.58% to Rs2,776.67 crore at the end of the December quarter from Rs3,586.70 crore in the same quarter last year.
As a percentage of total loans, gross NPAs stood at 5.62% as compared to 3.92% in the previous quarter and 7.03% in the year-ago quarter. Net NPAs were at 2.52% in the December quarter compared to 1.61% in the previous quarter and 2.57% in the same quarter last year.
Advances rose 27.51% from a year ago to Rs6.31 trillion. Deposits rose 10.1% to Rs6.99 trillion.
At 3pm, IDFC Bank was trading at Rs58 on the BSE, down 0.34% from its previous close, while benchmark Sensex index rose 0.56% to 35,456.23 points.
Wednesday on MSNBC's “Hardball” author and radio host Michael Eric Dyson said President Donald Trump is a “bigot in chief” who “unleashed” horrendous viewpoints, like actress Roseanne Barr's racist remark about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett.
Dyson said, “We've got a bigot-in-chief and racist in residence. That is what it is. He has unleashed some of the most horrendous viewpoints in this country. He said ‘look, it's okay, come out of the closet, stand up and speak and tell the world what you believe and you will be defended by political bluster.' And notice in his tweet, he said nothing about the horrendous statement that Roseanne Barr herself admitted was unforgivable. He said nothing about that.”
He added, “He wants to have it both ways. He wants to certify and validate the quiet bigots afraid to stand up and speak out, and at the same time, he wants to get at the other side for its bigotry and for its dumping on him.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Alexis Sanchez scored his first Manchester United goal in a 2-0 Premier League win over Huddersfield at Old Trafford.
Leaders Manchester City had earlier been held to a 1-1 draw at Burnley but, despite United's victory, are still 13 points clear.
There had been tributes to mark the 60th anniversary of the Munich air disaster ahead of kick-off at Old Trafford.
Romelu Lukaku made the breakthrough on 55 minutes with a close-range finish.
Sanchez - who joined the Red Devils from Arsenal ahead of the transfer deadline in a swap deal for Henrikh Mkhitaryan - doubled the lead on 68 minutes.
The Chile forward saw his penalty saved by Jonas Lossl but was alert to knock in the rebound.
Huddersfield drops to 19th place following a fifth straight league defeat.
A man in his 70s was lucky to escape serious injury when he fell off his motorcycle on the eastbound Highway 417 near the Vanier Parkway just before 1 p.m. Tuesday.
His bike somehow managed to keep upright on its wheels before landing in the ditch several hundred metres away.
Paramedics said his injuries were minor but eastbound traffic was backed up towards Nicholas Street.
(MTO) Highway 417 Eastbound at VANIER PKWY/RIVERSIDE (IC 117) – Collision. All lanes closed. — Ottawa_Traffic (@Ottawa_Traffic) April 24, 2018
Just in time for first crop hay in 2018 the University of Wisconsin Extension pricing standing hay app is now available in both Android and IOS versions.
iPhone and iPad users can find the free app or search the App Store for “Hay Pricing”. The IOS version also includes links to the latest edition of the Alfalfa Management Guide and 2017 WI Custom Rate Guide. The Android version is still available on Google Play with the latest reference material updates expected before the end of May.
According to Greg Blonde, Waupaca County University of Wisconsin Extension Agriculture Agent, both the Android and Apple versions of this app provides easy access to current hay price information for most major hay producing states making it an essential tool for any farmer or Ag professional involved in buying or selling standing hay.
The app quickly calculates a standing value per acre for each cutting, as well as the entire growing season, based on individual yield and harvest cost estimates. Blonde says, “with more standing hay being negotiated this year due to above normal winter kill and more farmers deciding to cut back or retire, the app can be an important tool in helping both parties determine a floor or ceiling price for buying or selling standing hay”.
For more information, contact Blonde at greg.blonde@ces.uwex.edu.
Apps have made it easier to track where your calories are coming from. Photo: iStockphoto
Picture a diet plan where the menu of the day is four samosas, half a cup of ice cream and a glass of Coke. And you don't even have to exercise to burn it off—as one convert writes, you will “shed weight like a melting ice cube” without taking a single step on the treadmill.
General Motors, Atkins, Intermittent Fasting, Paleo, Keto—fad diets never go out of style. The latest weight-reduction regimen that the online world is gobbling up is Calories In, Calories Out (Cico). A supposedly back-to-basics diet, Cico is built on the premise that consuming fewer calories than you burn in a day will help you lose weight. Calorie intake is determined after calculating the total daily energy expenditure (TDEE), the number of calories you expend every day. On the Cico diet, you can eat whatever you want, as long as you're in a calorie deficit; the calories you do consume are, according to one acolyte, “burned just by living”.
Unlike other fad diets, however, Cico doesn't have a nutritional expert, doctor or celebrity throwing their weight behind it. Its sizeable approval ratings on Reddit, the popular online discussion forum, are what got the world talking. It's hard to quantify its popularity, but look at how it compares with discussions about Keto, another diet currently trending, on the same platform. While the top Keto post has almost five times the number of visitors as the top Cico post, the latter has been upvoted 94%; the former is at 73%. Simply put, in terms of sheer numbers, Keto might seem more popular, but in pure percentage terms, Cico has a larger number of people endorsing its efficacy.
Experts dismissive
However, support for Cico starts and ends on this online forum, where people swap stories of achieving their weight-loss goals while eating junk food, balancing out missing nutrients with vitamin supplements, and zero workouts. It's these crowd-sourced ideas, which disregard all principles of healthy living, that have health experts up in arms.
“Yes, it is possible to lose weight on Cico, but how long can you sustain this diet?” asks Mansi Chaudhary, senior dietitian at the Fortis hospital in Shalimar Bagh, Delhi. “There will come a point when you will get hungry, start eating more and eventually put all the weight back on,” she says.
A recommended starting point for Cico dieters is 1,500 calories. In junk-food terms, this is approximately four samosas (308 calories each), a 350ml serving of Coke (140 calories), and 100ml of vanilla ice cream (201 calories). Sounds like a dream, but when you consider that that's all you can eat in a day, you will understand why Chaudhary deems this diet unrealistic.
Another improbability is that calorie counting can single-handedly help you lose weight. As Delhi-based clinical nutritionist Ishi Khosla points out, “If weight gain is a simple imbalance in the equation of calories in, calories out, then we wouldn't be fighting this growing battle with obesity today.” The underlying causes of weight gain, such as food sensitivities, inflammation, nutritional deficiencies and water retention, are often overlooked in this approach. “Forget burgers and fries, there are people who eat two chapatis, dal and sabzi, twice a day, which is well within 1,000 calories, and don't lose weight. How do you explain that?” asks Khosla.
Cico exponents on Reddit say they've lost weight without working out. While that is possible theoretically, no health professional recommends weight loss without exercise.
“There are so many physical and emotional benefits to working out. Plus, your body burns more calories in a resting state when you exercise,” says Deepak Rawat, national fitness manager at Fitness First, a chain of health clubs. Although even an established institution like the American College of Sports Medicine (ACSM) recommends creating a combined dietary and exercise deficit of 500-1,000 calories per day to lose weight, Rawat says this should not be taken as an exact number.
“Don't cut down your food intake arbitrarily based on someone else's success story. Calculate your body mass index (BMI) to determine what your fat and muscle percentages are first, and whether you even need to lose weight,” says Rawat, who factors in exercise and lifestyle choices while computing calorie deficits.
Perhaps the biggest fallacy the Cico diet promotes is that all calories are equal. While there is some discussion about the macronutrient (proteins, fats and carbohydrates) content of meals, by and large, this diet finds favour with people who don't want to change the way they eat. Imbalanced, unhealthy eating is indulged instead of being corrected, which can cause severe nutritional deficiencies and, ironically, lead to weight gain. And supplements alone cannot tackle these deficits. “You cannot replace the value of real food,” says Khosla.
Cico exponents say they've lost weight without working out. While that is possible theoretically, no health professional recommends weight loss without exercise-
Calorie tracking done right
Yet this trend of tracking calories is growing by the day, primarily because technology has made the process easier. Many Cico followers use MyFitnessPal, a nutritional tracking appwhich had approximately 80 million users worldwide in 2015 (note: the app does not endorse the Cico diet). In India, lifestyle-tracking platforms like Healthifyme are growing exponentially. “In 2015, we had 100,000 users; by 2017 end, we are at three million,” says Nikhil Moorjani, director, marketing and strategic alliances, HealthifyMe.
Supporting the principle behind calorie tracking—that of making data available to users —HealthifyMe diet coach Kamala, who uses only her first name, lists its advantages. “People become more conscious about food intake. Plus, setting a goal gives you perspective on what you should be eating,” she says. However, fixing calorie intake isn't enough – ensuring those calories are coming from the right source is equally important and that's where the app's macronutrient tracker plays a key role. “If you only count calories, you may wind up eating ice cream all day. That's not a healthy plan,” she explains.
Macro or micro, all this information can be overwhelming for a layperson. It's no wonder then that they think of food only in terms of their daily calorie budget. Khosla, who has come out with her own weight-loss app, called theweightmonitor, has tried to simplify the process by focusing on food groups rather than calories and nutrients. She believes keeping a food journal, monitoring your weight, eating a well-balanced diet comprising 50-60% fruits and vegetables and doing a moderate level of exercise is a slow, but steadier way to lose weight. At the end of the day, who says it's a race? “It's not about losing X kg of weight within a specific time, it's about building a lifestyle,” says Moorjani.
As for Cico, consider it a passing trend. As Rawat puts it, “If it really worked, why would it be just a group of people online following it? It would be a craze in the industry and every health expert would advocate it.” That's something to chew on.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Josh Onomah notched one of the goals of the season to dispose of Scotland.
The Villa midfielder stroked home a sweet volley to leave England U21 qualifying campaign in good shape.
After the tedious labouring of the senior side against Slovenia on Thursday, there was some slick play and a wondergoal to cheer the Teesside crowd.
Aidy Boothroyd's men were totally dominant and slick in possession, taking down Scotland with ease.
England were expecting a tougher game, with Scotland having beaten Holland, who drew with England, earlier in the campaign.
(Image: Nigel Roddis/Getty Images)
But they took charge after 13 minutes with a stunning strike from Onomah, who also grabbed and assist.
Scotland were under the cosh as Trent Alexander-Arnold fired in some awkward corner kicks.
John Souttar did well to head one off the line, but Scott McKenna nodded the next out to Onomah.
The Spurs midfielder, on loan at Aston Villa, took the clearance on his chest 28 yards out.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Then with a flick of his right boot, volleyed a high, dipping, and totally unstoppable shot just under Ryan Fulton's crossbar.
It was a remarkable piece of skill to find the top corner of the net with such looping precision.
Onomah played in the holding midfield role and dictated play. He was snappy in the challenge and mobile.
He is one of the U20 World Cup winning squad who have made a comfortable transition to the U21s Euro qualifying bid.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
It was a poor show from the Scots who gifted possession and territory and seemed content to chase shadows in the first half.
However they did liven up and get more aggressive after the break.
It was a question of how many England would score, but they lacked a ruthless touch in the first half.
England came close to a second when Tammy Abraham's clever glancing flick from Daminic Calvert-Lewin's cross hit the post.
(Image: PA)
There was a popular start for local boy Dael Fry on his home ground and in front of Garry Monk.
The defender's header back across goal allowed Abraham to shoot but Liam Smith cleared off the line.
Fry had little to do, Scott Gemmill's side banking up behind the ball and offering little in adventure of possession.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The second goal finally arrived after 49 minutes when Abraham won and converted a penalty.
The Swansea striker appeared to trip himself up rather than John Souttar, and he slotted the spot kick.
Earlier this month Abraham was linked with a call up for Nigeria, denied by the player.
The more he scores, the more interest they'll have in offering him senior caps and World Cup potential.
Onomah created the third with a superb through ball to Abraham who unselfishly teed up Dominic Solanke for a tap in.
Seconds earlier the visitors netted when Chris Cadden scored after good work from sub Oliver McBurnie.
England now face Andorra on Tuesday with a bigger test against major group rivals Ukraine ahead.
The New Zealand Catholic Bishops congratulate Father Bernard Espiritu SVD on his re-appointment as National Director of MissioNZ by the Congregation for the Evangelisation of Peoples, Rome.
Father Bernard Espiritu has been the New Zealand National Director for the Pontifical Mission Societies since 2012. His ministry has been across several continents, most recently in North America. He was born in the Philippines, and following ordination with the Society of the Divine Word (SVD – Societas Verbi Divini) was appointed on missionary assignment in south Brazil for seven years. Following that he worked for 16 years in Australia and the last six in North America.
Bishop Charles Drennan, Secretary of the NZCBC, said “the Bishops are grateful that Fr Bernard had agreed to have his appointment renewed.” He noted that Fr Bernard has built up good relationships with parishes and some schools, was known as an engaging preacher, and came from a Religious Order dedicated to the mahi or work of mission.”
Bishop Drennan further commented that the Bishops had asked Fr Bernard to “pay specific attention to the ethnic communities newer to New Zealand ensuring that they are aware of the work of MissioNZ and exploring new ways to encourage involvement and contributions from these communities.”
MissioNZ is the New Zealand office providing for the Pontifical Missions Societies ie Propagation of the Faith, St Peter the Apostle and Holy Childhood / Children Helping Children. It is connected with the New Zealand Bishop's Conference and Bishop Owen Dolan is the accredited Episcopal Vicar. The office is Wellington-based and is affiliated with 120 National Directors of PMS worldwide. Supplied NZCBC
News category: New Zealand, News Shorts.
The Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum will host its final First Fridays: A Contemporary Cocktail Party of the 2017 season. The event will take place on Friday, Sept. 1, from 7 to 9 p.m. Admission is $25 for non-members and $20 for members. Tickets available at the door.
To RSVP for the talk, call Kathryn Tufano at 203-438-4519, ext. 148, or email [email protected] by Monday, Aug. 28.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
She isn't very lucky, lucky, lucky in love. And, come to think of it, neither is he.
But this fact still hasn't afforded any credibility to the bizarre rumours that Kylie Minogue and Prince Andrew have been 'quietly dating'.
According to New Idea magazine, the unlikely pair have been enjoying a low-key romance for several months, following the demise of Kylie's relationship with Joshua Sasse.
(Photo: Getty Images)
'At the moment they're inseparable - Andrew is 100 per cent smitten,' a palace source apparently told the magazine.
'Kylie is someone that Her Majesty would welcome into the royal family with open arms. Everyone's hoping this romance goes the distance,' they continued.
However, few seem to be believing the wacky claim - and, to prove it, most of them have voiced their incredulity on Twitter.
(Photo: PA)
One wrote: "Late April Fools' joke?", while another, referencing Theresa May's planned announcement from 10 Downing Street, said: "I've got it. She's announcing the engagement of Prince Andrew to Kylie Minogue."
Another chimed in: "Remarkable. If there's royal wedding, they've got to get Angry Anderson to sing at it."
A fourth simple stated: "Umm...what?".
However, this isn't the first time the pair have been aligned. A historic post from 2014 saw one Twitter user say: "Today I read in a magazine that Kylie was flirting with Prince Andrew.
"But she's not interested and he's disappointed. Oh my god."
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: PA)
Prince Andrew, Duke of York, was famously married to Sarah Ferguson from 1986 to 1996, when it ended in a very public divorce.
Meanwhile, 48 year-old Kylie has suffered a string of ill-fated romances, including Jason Donovan, Michael Hutchence, Olivier Martinez and James Gooding.
The Mirror have contacted representatives for both Kylie Minogue and Prince Andrew, but are yet to receive a response.
New Delhi: The busy by-lanes of Sadar Bazaar in New Delhi are always bustling with street food vendors, wandering dogs and bovines alongside shops selling household goods in wholesale and the long queues of people outside them. But there is one item that outsells everything else in this congested bazaar—the Indian tricolour.
Although the tricolour is a hot commodity throughout the year at Sadar Bazaar, thanks to the demand from schools, colleges and political parties, the scene is chaotic as we inch closer to 15 August.
Although the Flag Code of India comes with a set of instructions about the size, shape and colours of the national flag, one can find the tricolour in many dimensions in Sadar Bazaar—be it a small paper flag, or flags that measure as much as 40 x 60 ft.Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
“Apart from 15 August and the Republic Day, we recently saw a lot of ‘kavarias' (pilgrims) purchasing flags for their ‘kanvar yatra',” says Umesh Arora of Muskan Enterprises, one of the makers and suppliers of flags in the market. “That's their way of showing some patriotism.”
Anil Gupta of Anil Bhai Rakhi Wala holds one of the latest versions of the Indian tricolour to hit the Sadar Bazaar market. Gupta has been a flag trader for more than three decades now and recalls how the market changes in the run-up to the Independence Day. “I still remember when we celebrated our 50th Independence Day. That was one of the occasions when we saw a lot of demand for the Indian tricolour from all over the country,” says Gupta.Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
There are also specific events that have driven the demand in recent years. In 2011, for example, a combination of the ‘India Against Corruption' movement and India winning the cricket world cup at home saw the country's flag fluttering everywhere.
There is no fixed price range for these tricolour variants. The badges cost just 50 paise each, while you'll have to shell out Rs50 for a flag brooch.Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
“During the Anna Hazare movement, everyone from a rickshaw puller to a Mercedes owner wanted the Indian flag,” says Saurabh Gupta of Anil Bhai Rakhi Wala, one of the oldest flag manufacturers and wholesalers in the market. His father, Anil Gupta, has been in the business for more than 35 years and has seen the market evolve in the last two decades. “There were just a handful of flag traders earlier. Now there are more than 200 sellers,” adds Anil Gupta.
The fidget spinner rage has also hit the lanes of Sadar Bazaar. The tricolour-themed spinners cost Rs200 apiece and have been selling quite well, say traders. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
Most traders say if they sell, say, two flags on a normal day, they end up selling close to 100-200 flags daily in the run-up to the Independence Day. While small items like a paper flag sell for as low as 50 paise, bigger variants (a 40x60 feet flag) can cost up to Rs1 lakh. “Another popular item this year is the hair party wig in the three colours. Apart from that, tricolour keychains are also selling a lot. The party wig costs around Rs50 per piece, while the keychains cost Rs90 for a dozen,” says Neeraj Dhingra of Sindh Traders.
Traders say the implementation of goods and services tax (GST) has affected the market this year with sales down almost 30%. “Not every trader has a GST number yet,” says a trader from the Rui Mandi area of the market who did not want to be named. “So customers are buying the items in bulk from those shops where they don't issue a bill.”
Inflatable tricolours and tricolour umbrellas are some other variants in this wholesale market. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
But even in this seemingly subdued atmosphere, customers flock to shops decorated with tricolour hats and buntings. Inflatable tricolours, stickers, umbrellas and heart-shaped balloons in saffron, white and green are just some of the many items on display.
The Flag Code of India, 2002, carries detailed instructions by the government about the shape, size and colour of the tricolour, but Sadar Bazar is replete with variants of the national flag. The flag, says the Code, has to be in the length-width ratio of 3:2 and should be made of hand-spun and hand-woven wool/cotton/silk khadi bunting, two of the rules most commonly flouted in the bylanes of Sadar Bazaar.
Over the years, Sadar Bazaar has grown from just a couple of flag traders to more than 200. Mohammad Rais, 35, is one of them. “I've been in this business for 12 years now. There's a regular demand for the tricolour. Schools and colleges have many functions where they need the tricolour,” he says.Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
“You will find flags made of cotton, polyester and satin cloth,” says Anil Gupta. “Customers like to buy flags from here rather than from the Khadi centres because here, the prices are lower and there is a greater variety to choose from.”
While most of the items, especially the flags, available in the market are manufactured in Delhi, some items come from places such as Hyderabad (satin cloth), Ahmedabad (roto material), Lucknow and Kanpur. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
As I prepare to leave Anil Bhai's shop, a customer dressed in a green kurta and white pyjama is busy inspecting a stack of flags in front of her. “Bhaiya, do you have those hanging peacocks in the tricolour design,” she asks. She's in charge of decorating a mall in east Delhi for Independence Day. She leaves for another shop to find this elusive peacock.
But peacocks are not the hottest selling items anymore. The latest fad is tricolour fidget spinners that cost Rs200 each.
Turkish Police Continue Hunt For Gunman In Deadly Nightclub Attack
Turkey has announced eight detentions in connection with Sunday's shootings at an Istanbul nightclub. The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack that left 39 dead and 69 wounded. An intensive police search is under way for the gunman, who was not among those picked up Monday.
Don't miss the comet that will light up the sky o
This is the message a mum put on a vodka bottle f
Why Do We Talk In Our Sleep?
Around 80 killed in Brazil prison riot after lack
Second girl dies after Oldham 'hit and run'
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harrowing footage shows New Year's Eve revellers partying moments before an 'ISIS gunman' stormed a club and slaughtered 39 people.
The video was posted to Facebook in the early hours on Sunday, January 1, minutes before a shooter blasted his way into the Reina club on Sunday, aiming at crowded areas.
Partygoer Natasha Volnova shared the video on Instagram showing people wearing party hats and setting off sparklers at the exclusive waterside club.
The 22-year-old Ukrainian shared the footage just before midnight UK time - alongside the cheery message: "Happy New Year."
For the latest updates read our live blog here : Turkey 'terror' attack: Live updates as gunfire reported in Istanbul nightclub on New Year's Eve 'injuring 50'
But just over an hour later the club became a horror scene as dozens of people lay dead and injured on the floor.
Natasha shared the video on her Facebook page following the incident, where she thanked the police.
She said one officer “held my hands tight” as she cowered from a hail of bullets under a table.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: Instagram/volnovanatasha)
(Photo: Instagram/volnovanatasha)
Islamic State have claimed responsibility for the attack that saw a further 69 people injured as the killer stormed the club, popular with celebrities and footballers, with an AK-47 and rained at least 180 bullets at the crowd.
Turkish police have released the first picture of the prime suspect as the gunman remains on the run.
Shocking footage emerged of the gunman, who is still at large, shooting his way into the club, after the attack.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
(Photo: Instagram/volnovanatasha)
Revellers can be seen standing outside the entrance when a gunman suddenly appears, running towards them from the street.
There is an exchange of gunfire, possibly involving security services posted at the entrance.
But the figure appears to successfully enter the venue where he began firing at random.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Armed police raced to the scene at Turkey's most famous night venue but the terrorist escaped.
Initial reports suggest the gunman may have been hiding in toilets as security services arrived.
But it is now believed he may have escaped in a taxi driven by an accomplice.
Sixteen foreign nationals are among the dead and the Foreign Office is desperately trying to find out if any Brits are among them.
(Photo: Collect Unknown)
(Photo: Collect Unknown)
(Photo: Collect Unknown)
Among those killed in the attack are believed to be 25 men and 14 women.
Doğan News Agency (DHA) reported that 11 of the victims were from Turkey and 24 were foreign nationals.
Among the foreign nationals are seven from Saudi Arabia, two from India, four from Iraq, two from Tunisia and one Canadian citizen, Syrian, Lebanese citizen, Israeli and Belgian.
Policeman Burak Yildiz was shot outside the club after he had only been in the job 12 months when he lost his life in the early hours of Sunday.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Female private security guard from northeast Turkey Hatice Koc'un, 27, and Reina nightclub waiter Kenan Kutluk were also among those killed.
Leanne Nasser was on holiday with three female friends from the village of Tira in northern Israel when she was shot and Security guard Fatih Çakmak died in the attack in Ortakoy, Istanbul, after he survived a bomb attack in Besiktas on December 10.
Relatives of Ayhan Arik and Busra Kose were seen mourning today at their funerals yesterday and today.
(Photo: Twitter)
Among other victims that have been named are customs employee Mustafa Kaya, Indian nationals Khushi Shah and Abis Rizvi, the the son of former Rajya Sabha MP.
Three Lebanese citizens Elias Wardini, Haykal Mousallem and Rita Shami were also among those killed.
German national Mesut Gürbüz was killed while on holiday in Turkey and recently engaged Mustafa Sezgin Seymen also lost his life.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Pictures and video show armoured vehicles surrounding the venue after the incident which began around 1.20am local time.
Security services said an operation is ongoing and Turkey's deputy prime minister has claimed authorities are close to identifying the Istanbul attacker.
As new images of the suspect are released, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told a new conference: “Information about the fingerprints and basic appearance of the terrorist have been found.
(Photo: Getty)
“In the process after this, work to identify him swiftly will be carried out.”
Police have released new CCTV stills of the suspected ‘Istanbul gunman' who killed 39 people and wounded 65 others.
Initial police reports suggest he may be aged 25 and come from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Officers are also investigating the possibility that the attacker may be from Xinjiang in eastern China.
According to specialists who examined CCTV footage, the IS militant looks professionally trained on how to use the weapon.
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: Collect Unknown)
Anti-terror expert Abdullah Ağar said: “The attacker is determined, faithful, practical, coldblooded, expert and knows how to get results.
“He probably fired these bullets before in real clash zones. He had no hesitation in shooting at innocent people. He is absolutely a killer and he most probably shot at humans before.”
The Dogan news agency says Turkish anti-terror police have detained eight people suspected of links to the New Year gun attack. But the suspected gunman is still believed to be on the run.
Among those arrested, according to a source speaking to ITV correspondent Sally Lockwood, is a taxi driver.
She tweeted this afternoon: "A source tells me a taxi driver has been detained and is being questioned by police.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: Twitter)
"Local media reporting 8 people arrested in total."
The gunman is understood to have changed his clothes before leaving the nightclub and evading security forces.
It was estimated up to 600 people may have been in the Reina nightclub at the time of the shooting.
Located in the Ortakoy district, it is one of the most well-known venues in Turkey and is popular with the city's rich and famous.
Celebrities including Sting, Paris Hilton and Gisele Bundchen have visited in the past.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Heartbreaking photographs have emerged of mourners gathering as victims of the nightclub attack are laid to rest.
The funerals of travel agent Ayhan Arik, who was one of the first to die in the shooting, as well as 19-year-old Busra Kose, and security guard Fatih Çakmak were all held today.
Many of the coffins have been draped in Turkish flags with funerals attended by hundreds of family and friends.
Istanbul had been on high alert for any terror attacks, with some 17,000 police officers on duty in the city.
Daisy McCrackin and Joesph Capone were the victims of a violent, drug-fuelled kidnap and ransom gang. Picture: Supplied
Daisy McCrackin and Joesph Capone were the victims of a violent, drug-fuelled kidnap and ransom gang. Picture: Supplied
TWO Hollywood actors were kidnapped and held for ransom by a violent meth-fuelled gang for almost three days, it has been revealed.
Daisy McCrackin of 2002's Halloween: Resurrection fame and fellow performer Joseph Capone were lucky to have survived the ordeal, the details of which were made public for the first time today.
Keith Andre Stewart, Johntae Jones and Amber Neal were arrested in Los Angeles this week in a series of dramatic operations by heavily armed police.
Neal's arrest on Monday by Los Angeles police was captured on bystander video and had been viewed more than 2.4 million times on Twitter.
They were collectively charged with 17 criminal charges including kidnapping, assault with a firearm, grand theft, mayhem, conspiracy and possession for sale of methamphetamine, according to a grand jury indictment that was unsealed earlier today in Los Angeles County Superior Court.
According to California's penal code, mayhem is when a person "unlawfully and maliciously deprives a human being of a member of his body, or disables, disfigures, or renders it useless, or cuts or disables the tongue, or puts out an eye, or slits the nose, ear, or lip".
Daisy McCrackin starred in Halloween and Resurrection. Picture: Supplied
Jones and Stewart face additional weapons-related charges while police allege that Stewart inflicted great bodily injury on the Mr Capone.
Court documents allege Stewart, Jones, and Neal gained entry into Ms McCrackin's South Los Angeles home on May 3.
Stewart allegedly pistol-whipped Mr Capone before his co-accused placed black hoods over the victims' heads and drove them to Jones' home in Compton.
Once there, the defendants allegedly stripped Mr Capone naked and held him without food in a bathtub for 30 hours, the indictment says.
Daisy McCrackin (centre) starred in Halloween: Resurrectio n. Picture: Supplied
Meanwhile, Jones and Neal are accused of taking Ms McCrackin's vehicle, a 2011 red Lexus, and driving her to multiple bank locations while demanding she provide at least $US10,000 ($AU13,500) to them for Mr Capone's release.
Ms McCrackin was allegedly forced to write a cheque to Neal, who deposited the money into her account, according to court documents.
Later on May 4, the defendants took the actress back to her home, where she was able to escape and alert police.
Stewart and Jones face a maximum possible sentence of life in state prison without the possibility of parole if convicted as charged. Neal faces up to life in prison.
Bail for Jones and Neal was set at $US1 million ($AU1.3 million), and Stewart's bail was $US2.08 million ($AU2.8million).
The trio is expected to face court on July 23 for a pre-trial hearing.
Abortion And Freedom Of Speech: A Volatile Mix Heads To The Supreme Court
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Harnik/AP Andrew Harnik/AP
The U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments Tuesday in a case that pits the right to know against the right of free speech.
On one side are self-identified "crisis pregnancy centers" that seek to prevent abortions, and on the other side is the state of California, which enacted a law to ensure that these centers do not intentionally or unintentionally mislead the women who walk through their doors.
Supporters of the California law call the state's effort nothing more than seeking "truth in advertising."
But anti-abortion pregnancy centers see the law as unconstitutional, compelling speech that turns them into mouthpieces for a government message they disagree with.
Passions run high when it comes to abortion. Add the fact that most anti-abortion pregnancy centers have a firm Christian perspective, and you have quite a volatile mix.
Notice requirements for unlicensed and licensed centers
The case before the Supreme Court began in 2015 when California passed a law known as the FACT Act. (It stands for Freedom, Accountability, Comprehensive Care and Transparency.) The impetus was two-fold — first, allegations that pregnancy centers opposed to abortion were using deceptive practices; and second, concern that lower-income women, in particular, weren't aware of the free pregnancy-related services California provides, from pre-natal and delivery care to birth control and abortion.
The FACT Act requires unlicensed crisis pregnancy centers to post a sign or otherwise disclose to their clients in writing that the center is not a licensed medical facility and has no licensed medical provider who supervises the provision of services. The disclosure requirement extends to advertising, which anti-abortion pregnancy centers object to as an attempt to "drown out" their message.
But even the aggressively anti-abortion Trump administration has sided with California in arguing that this provision is constitutional.
The administration, however, opposes the second provision of the law dealing with licensed centers. It requires clinics that do not provide a full range of reproductive care, including services covered by Medicaid, to post a sign that says the state provides free or low cost access to pre-natal and delivery care, birth control, and other reproductive care, including abortion.
The sign is to include the phone number of the county social services office for referrals. But licensed centers do not have to post the notice in their advertising.
Protecting women from deception or trampling on the "pro-life" message?
As the state sees it, the provisions for licensed and unlicensed clinics are neutral public health measures.
"We're simply trying to make sure the recipient of health care information or advice understands exactly what he or she is entitled to in terms of services and that the information is accurate," said California Attorney General Xavier Becerra in defending the law.
That is not how the anti-abortion centers see it.
The law "is requiring a licensed center... that is pro-life and wants to help women choose life, point the way to an abortion," said lawyer Kristen Waggoner, who represents the anti-abortion pregnancy centers that are challenging the California law. That, she adds, "is not simply information."
As for unlicensed centers, she said, there is no need to disclose the lack of a medical license. "They're not doing anything that requires a license," she said, "so why would they need to say that?"
There are plenty of good reasons, replies Nancy Northup, president and CEO of the Center for Reproductive Rights.
"There has been an explosion of these fake health clinics that mislead women in ways that are very troubling and in some cases dangerous to their health," Northup said. "If these fake medical centers had on their front doors, 'We're pro-life centers. We're here to help you decide to continue your pregnancy,' there's nothing wrong with that, and that's fine. But what they're trying to do instead is lure women in on false pretenses."
In recent years, the number of pregnancy centers that counsel against abortion has dramatically increased. Today there are about 2,700 of them around the country, more than three times the number of clinics that provide abortions.
And just as some states provide taxpayer funds for abortions, 14 states directly fund anti-abortion pregnancy centers. From 2001 to 2006, the centers received an estimated $30 million in federal funding.
There is no data on how many of the 2,700 anti-abortion pregnancy centers are unlicensed. But unlicensed clinics offer pregnancy tests, limited ultrasounds, and, to an unskeptical eye, they can look very much like a licensed medical facility.
The personnel wear surgical scrubs or white coats and ask clients to fill out medical history questionnaires. Indeed, many clinics locate next to or across the street from a full service women's reproductive health center and some use similar sounding names.
Manipulating search engines
Do these anti-abortion pregnancy centers deliberately locate close to abortion clinics? "I sure hope so," said anti-abortion advocate Waggoner, "because women should have both options. And they shouldn't see only a provider that has a financial incentive to get them to abort a child." Waggoner is arguing in the Supreme Court on Tuesday on behalf of the National Institute of Family and Life Advocates, NIFLA, an umbrella group of anti-abortion pregnancy centers.
Some anti-abortion pregnancy center personnel are even more blunt.
Jacob Hall is director of services and client care at Care Net, an organization that supports crisis pregnancy centers. At a recent Care Net conference, he advised the centers on how to use search engines to identify key words for their marketing and websites, the object being to attract women searching online for an abortion clinic to an anti-abortion pregnancy center instead.
"I know 'abortion pill' is something people are searching," he said. "'Abortion clinic,' 'abortion clinic near me,' 'abortion cost,'" Hall said. "Fantastic key words if those phrases are on your website. If they're not, easy, just add them. Just say, 'we're here to talk to you about abortion, including abortion pills and abortion surgery.'"
At the same conference, Jana Pinson, director of a crisis pregnancy center in Texas, said she had great success with the term, "planning parenthood." Though her clinic opposes abortion, she changed her website tag to 'The Number One Source of Abortion Information in the Coastal Bend,' "because we are," she said.
Brian Fisher, of Human Coalition, another group that helps anti-abortion clinics, has also advocated using these tactics to attract women seeking an abortion in hopes of derailing their plans. This sort of marketing is necessary, he argued last year, because "the abortion-determined woman will not walk into a pregnancy center voluntarily."
Several women NPR contacted were infuriated by these tactics.
Annie Filkowski went to a clinic because it advertised free pregnancy tests. She spent hours there before learning she was not pregnant, and when she then asked a counselor to write her a birth control prescription or give her advice on which method to use, she said the counselor told her, "Birth control causes infertility and can give you cancer" and other "crazy" things.
Dartricia Walker said she went to a clinic for a pregnancy that she very much wanted. She mistakenly thought it was a medically licensed facility, and that the person who conducted the ultrasound was a nurse. Neither was true. She then had a miscarriage that a doctor later told her might have been avoided had she received adequate medical care.
"I was really upset that I was given the wrong date," Walker said, "because if I had known that I was due sooner, I would have gone sooner to an ob/gyn."
There are excellent clinics that oppose abortion, too. For an example of those, NIFLA, which is challenging the California law, referred us to "Informed Choices," a licensed clinic in Gilroy, CA, that has a staff of five, including two nurses, plus a volunteer ob/gyn who supervises medical procedures, and 20 other volunteers.
Christine Vatuone, the executive director, said that while the clinic does oppose abortion, and will not refer patients to an abortion provider, all patients are clearly told that they have three options: abortion, adoption and parenting — and that every room in the center has a sign with five promises: "that we will treat them with respect, that we will protect their privacy, that we will not pressure them, that we will support them, and that we will not lie to them."
Still there is room for confusion about the clinic. Google "pregnancy, Gilroy, CA," and the first three results are for Informed Choices, while the fourth is Planned Parenthood.
Google "Abortion, Gilroy, CA" and Informed Choices comes up too.
And "on advice of counsel," the clinic does not display the mandatory language in the California law advising patients that the state provides free access to a full range of care from pre-natal to abortion.
Many patients who seek out clinics that will support their pregnancy say they are thrilled with the counseling and material support clinics like Informed Choices provide, everything from food to baby clothes, diapers, car seats, and emotional support.
"It just gave me that push to let me know that, you know, I can do this," said Laura Wu after visiting a crisis pregnancy center in New York. "It is possible for me to do this alone."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of life's greatest curiosities is why McDonald's doesn't offer sachets of mayonnaise.
The sauce is important, goes well with most fast foods, yet despite featuring in a number of McDonald's menu items – the Mayo Chicken, for example – cannot be bought separately.
The chain has finally revealed why its UK branches are barren of emulsion. Apparently, the 'demand' isn't great enough. Do we all secretly hate mayo?
Why McDonald's doesn't do mayo
(Image: Photodisc)
A McDonald's spokesperson told Cosmopolitan magazine: "What we offer in our restaurants is based on customer demand.
"We don't currently have any plans for mayonnaise to be made available."
It's a little odd given McDonald's offers a broad range of sauces. There's even sweet curry. The closest you can get to mayo is sour cream and chive dip, available with Chicken Selects.
A man in Sweden is charged with raping girls in Canada and two other countries entirely through online contact, in what prosecutors are calling a potentially precedent-setting case.
Bjorn Samstrom, whose trial is underway, is charged with dozens of offences, including "gross rape," involving 27 girls, two of them Canadian, according to one of the prosecutors in the case. The other girls are in the United States and Britain.
The allegations involving the Canadians date back to 2015, when the two girls — one from Ontario, the other from Alberta — were 13, the prosecutor said.
In an interview from Stockholm, Annika Wennerstrom said Samstrom is accused of coercing girls to perform sexual acts in front of webcams by threatening them or their families.
Under Swedish law, rape does not have to involve intercourse, Wennerstrom said. It can be another act considered to be equally violating.
The country's highest court has previously ruled that sexual assault, which is a lesser charge, can be committed through the internet but has yet to convict someone of rape in the same way, she said.
Wennerstrom said the courts have said in other cases that rape could "hypothetically" occur over the internet, but the offences being tried did not meet the threshold.
She believes the crimes Samstrom is accused of committing are "horrific" enough to be considered rape.
"We see them as rape of a different kind," she said. "They are forced to do it, they are threatened to do it, it's painful and it goes on, in some cases, for a long time. They have absolutely no choice and they are terrified."
Police found video recordings of young English-speaking girls while investigating Samstrom in connection with another alleged sex crime involving Swedish complainants, the lawyer said. In some of the footage, they could hear Samstrom's voice or see other information that linked him to the video, she said.
ICICI Prudential India Recovery Fund-Series 5 bought 71,220 shares of the NTPC and ICICI Prudential Nifty Index Fund purchased 1,125 shares. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: Total shareholding of ICICI Prudential AMC in NTPC has increased to more than 5% following purchase of shares under the fund house's various schemes, according to a regulatory filing.
“As a result of the said purchase, the shareholding of the above mentioned entity has exceeded 5% of the paid- up capital of the company (NTPC),” the filing said.
ICICI Prudential Bluechip Fund purchased 1,57,200 shares of NTPC and Bharat 22 ETF purchased 4,15,67,567 shares. ICICI Prudential India Recovery Fund-Series 5 bought 71,220 shares of the PSU and ICICI Prudential Nifty Index Fund purchased 1,125 shares.
Besides, ICICI Prudential Multiple Yield Fund-Series 10 purchased 15,000 shares and ICICI Prudential Nifty Low Vol 30 ETF purchased 4,446 shares in the state-run firm, the filing said. The share-purchase is from an investment perspective and not with the objective of seeking any controlling stake, it added.
NTPC has a total installed capacity of 53,651 MW from its 21 coal-based, seven gas-based, 11 solar PV, one hydro, one small hydro, one wind and nine subsidiaries/joint venture power stations.
Netanyahu's Israel openly mocks the values that Europe claims to hold dear. When will European leaders stand up and reject the unacceptable reality of the past 50 years?
Featured image: Israeli soldiers arrest a Palestinian boy during protests against Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, Hebron, West Bank, December 7, 2017. (Wisam Hashlamoun/Flash90)
European foreign ministers attending Prime Minister Netanyahu's breakfast in Brussels this Monday may find their thoughts wandering, as the guest of honor once again speaks of Iran, self-indulgent whining of “double standards,” and “the only democracy in the Middle East.” Some breakfasts are more difficult to swallow than others.
And so, given a recent speech by a certain American president, the attending ministers' thoughts may drift — perhaps to the occupied Palestinian territories. They may ask themselves some of the questions Israeli governments have consistently refused to address, such as: given how Israel's grasp over the West Bank is being further cemented, why does Netanyahu's government even bother to pay lip service to the “peace process?” And isn't Israel's policy of forced displacement of Palestinians from parts of the occupied territories a war crime? How many hours of electricity a day does Israel plan to ration for the 2 million Palestinians living at its doorstep in the Gaza Strip next week? And, embassy fanfare aside, what about the 370,000 Palestinians in East Jerusalem, living with no political rights since Israel's annexation half a century ago?
Such unanswered questions may leave one's mouth dry, and so the very same questions may percolate closer to home. For if Israel continues to cement its grasp all over the West Bank, why does Europe take seriously the occasional Israeli lip service to the “peace process?” And as Israel's policy of forcibly displacing Palestinians from parts of the occupied territories is indeed a war crime, what is the EU's effective counteraction? And for how much longer will the lie of “Israeli democracy,” alongside a 21st-century version of institutionalized oppression and dispossession, be accepted at Europe's doorstep?
Here's a caffeine shot: it is all good and well to forever be disappointed by others while standing by and watching as unilateral moves become fait accompli. But it is Europe that has worn away its own credibility for years by repeatedly “expressing concern” over “the eroding possibility” of bringing an end to the occupation. How long can a position be eroded before it is wholly ground to dust courtesy of an Israeli bulldozer?
Yet thanks to the sheer bluntness of current American positions and Israeli actions, Europe can no longer pretend with any degree of credibility that the policy it is pursuing is one of supporting an American-led “peace process.” Such self-evident fiction undercuts Palestinians striving for freedom; Israeli human rights defenders striving for justice; and Europe's values-driven vision towards a future based on the rule of law, human rights, and democracy.
The guest at Monday's breakfast openly mocks these values, yet somehow here he is — white tablecloth, croissants, and dignitaries listening politely. In July 2017, in a meeting in Budapest with the prime ministers of Hungary, the Czech Republic, Poland, and Slovakia, Netanyahu repeatedly called the EU “crazy” for being “the only association of countries in the world that conditions the relations with Israel… on political conditions.” Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán chimed in alongside, from his intra-EU perspective. Budapest and Jerusalem seem to be sharing more and more values these days.
As Israel's number one trade partner, Europe has all the leverage it needs to inform Israeli voters that they cannot continue to have it both ways – enjoy perks justified by presumed shared democratic values, all while trampling those very values. Raising the stakes, Netanyahu is now pushing to further leverage the silencing effect of false accusations conflating the rejection of the perpetual occupation with “incitement to anti-Semitism”, while at the same time cashing in on internal European divisions. He thus aims to sideline even the modest, ineffective conditionality that has existed to date. And he, or his successor, will market such an achievement to Israeli voters as a sign that Israelis can in fact continue having it both ways.
By continuing to express “serious concern” instead of acting, Europe is deciding to allow others to lead the way, and de facto accepting the abundantly clear consequences. Trump's America is far away from all this, both geographically and morally: it is shielded by an ocean, and outspoken in alignment with Putin, Duterte, Orbán – and Netanyahu. While America is distant, all this is unfolding in Europe's immediate neighborhood. Out of sheer self-interest, can Europe withstand the consequences of abandoning the values underpinning its post-WW2 project?
It is high time to stop waiting for Washington, Moscow, Budapest or Jerusalem. It is time to stand up for human rights, to demand nothing short of an end to the occupation, and to spell out how European leadership will effectively reject the unacceptable reality of the past 50 years. Backed by an almost global consensus reiterated in last year's UN Security Council resolution 2334, in solidarity with Palestinians and like-minded Israelis, and together with international actors near and far – this is a task to be realized by a genuine coalition committed to non-violence, human rights, and justice. Europe, wake up.
Hagai El- Ad is a Executive Director of B'Tselem.
https://www.globalresearch.ca/europe-wake-up-and-smell-the-coffee-palestine-and-netanyahus-breakfast-in-brussels/5622367
Mississippi Governor Signs Nation's Toughest Abortion Ban Into Law
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rogelio V. Solis/AP Rogelio V. Solis/AP
In his State of the State Address in 2014, Gov. Phil Bryant announced a goal: "to end abortion in Mississippi."
Bryant has now signed a law that makes his state the most difficult state in the country to get an abortion. It is called the Gestational Age Act, and it bans abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, except in the case of a medical emergency or a severe fetal abnormality. The law does not make exceptions in cases of rape or incest. The Mississippi House passed the measure on March 8, and Bryant signed it into law on Monday.
The Associated Press reports that Mississippi's only abortion clinic has sued the state in response to the legislation. In 2012, that same clinic, The Jackson Women's Health Organization, filed a lawsuit challenging a different bill Bryant signed into law. That bill enacted stricter requirements for abortion facilities, including a requirement that all physicians associated with an abortion facility have the right to admit patients to a local hospital. It was eventually blocked by a federal district court in 2013.
After signing this latest bill, Bryant wrote on Twitter, "I am committed to making Mississippi the safest place in America for an unborn child, and this bill will help us achieve that goal."
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing we could do," Bryant said as he signed the bill. "We'll probably be sued here in about a half hour, and that'll be fine with me. It is worth fighting over."
On the national level, some recent attempts to restrict abortion have failed, as Julie Rovner reported for NPR and Kaiser Health News:
Despite many attempts, Congress did not pass a federal ban on abortions occurring after 20 weeks, didn't cut off Planned Parenthood's federal funding and didn't write into permanent law the Hyde Amendment, which bans most federal abortion funding but needs annual renewal.
But, Rovner added, the Trump administration has made some progress in restricting abortion and contraception access:
1:29
AMBER, Blue and Silver Alerts: What you need to know
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
Soldiers Radio News
Soldiers in Japan compete against Servicemembers from other branches for Best Warrior and volunteer service in the military can be a rewarding way to spend your free time.
SERGEANT NATHANIEL PHILLIPS, SOLDIERS RADIO NEWS.
THE U-S ARMY HELD THE JAPAN the BEST WARRIOR CHALLENGE ON OKINAWA. SERGEANT DAREN SUGUITAN SAYS THE COMPETITION TAUGHT HIM THAT THERE IS MORE TO BEING A SOLDIER THAN JUST YOUR JOB.
"THIS COMPETITION SO FAR HAS CHANGED ME IN A WAY THAT THERE'S SO MUCH MORE THAN JUST YOUR SPECIFIC JOB THAN BEING IN THE ARMY. THERE'S SO MANY MORE INDIVIDUAL TASKS THAT EVERY BASIC SOLDIER SHOULD KNOW AND LEARN HOW TO DO."
SOLDIERS STATIONED IN KOREA FIND THAT VOLUNTEERING IS A PRODUCTIVE USE OF THEIR EXTRA TIME. STAFF SERGEANT GLEN THOMPSON SAYS HE LIKES TO SET A GOOD EXAMPLE AND ENJOYS THE REWARDING FEELING HE GETS FROM HELPING OTHERS.
"I VOLUNTEER BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE WE HAVE TO VOLUNTEER. AS LEADERS WE NEED TO SET THE EXAMPLE. IT'S THAT SELF SATISFACTION WHEN THEY COME TO YOU AND SAY, 'HEY, I NEED SOME HELP,' AND IT'S SELF REWARDING TO BE ABLE TO PROVIDE IT TO THEM."
LOOK FOR OUR NEW SHOW "SOLDIERS" NOW LIVE ON THE DEFENSE-TV APP, ARMY DOT MIL AND THE U-S ARMY YOUTUBE CHANNEL. THANKS FOR LISTENING TO YOUR SOLDIERS RADIO NEWS.
KINDNESS and thoughtfulness towards family and friends when a person dies in tragic circumstances should overcome ego and sensationalism on social media, a Northern Rivers mayor said.
Kyogle mayor Danielle Mulholland has called speculation on the possible cause of death when a local resident was involved in a fatal collision with an XPT train on Wednesday morning extremely harmful to the woman's family, friends and the community.
Cr Mulholland said she wanted people to join her in taking a stand against the thoughtlessness of posting on social media.
Instead she wanted them to consider who could be hurt by well-meaning but ignorant comments when tragedy struck.
"The first port of call is when you go to post something on social media in this kind of situation is to think if It's going to hurt someone," she said.
"You need to think holistically about our region and the circumstances as there's a big difference between an immediate positing and stopping from putting up a comment which could hurt someone."
Cr Mulholland said in regards to Wednesday's tragedy, many people in the town knew the woman involved and learned about her death online, and were exposed to unconfirmed reasons behind the tragedy as well.
"There are people who are emotionally sensitive to instances like this," she said.
"People need to be aware in when they live in small community the impact, however well-intentioned, their words can have."
Southern Cross University psychology lecturer, researcher and registered psychologist, Dr James Donnelly said the ability to remain anonymous and the distance factors allow people to get away with posting potentially false, misleading and harmful comments.
"The reason people post things after a tragedy is you can remain more anonymous, you are not saying these things to someone's face," he said."
"Also posters are thoughtless, they are not thinking about the effect they have on the people involved, the psychological distance means they feel no accountability."
Dr Donnelly said another reason people make these comments was because they were trying to make sense of the tragedy by showing how different the victim was to themselves.
"One way of dealing with this kind of tragedy is defended themselves about the reality," he said.
"The other tragedy of these situations is you cannot un-ring these bells, you post something on the internet then it's ready by thousands of people and it becomes the facts and other people plug into this reality."
Dr Donnelly said often the confidential nature of these investigations meant the community might not learn the reasons behind an fatal accident.
"They might not find out the truth and there is never an opportunity for these posters (of sensationalist comments) to be corrected or accountable so the effects can be far more damaging," he said.
© Save Kashmir / YouTube
Police in Kashmir have filed a criminal complaint against the Indian Army after video emerged showing a man tied to a jeep and allegedly being used as a human shield.NDTV reported. Security sources told NDTV that the incident took place on April 9.The Indian Army have also begun an internal investigation into the incident, reported NDTV Video corroborated by RT to be the incident involving Farooq Ahmad Dar has been decried by the public in the region since emerging online.The YouTube account containing the earliest known upload of the video to public social media was contacted by RT. The channel contains a number of videos from Kashmir showing recent violent events. Footage of this incident is not believed to have been filmed by the account owner.The 56-second video, uploaded on April 13, shows the man tied to the jeep passing by the camera before the camera operator disperses.Images from media and politician Omar Abdullah corroborate claims that the video was filmed in Beerwah, and that the forces involved were Indian.RT reached out to the YouTube channel and Abdullah for clarification on where the video originated, but has yet to receive a response.Video of Farooq Ahmad Dar following the incident has been shared online, in which he shows his damaged clothes to the camera and explains that he was on the way to a funeral when the army beat him and tied him to the jeep.Dar claimed he was not involved with separatists who are calling for a boycott of recent elections, and said that he had voted in the elections.the source said, claiming the man was used as a deterrent and was not harmed.An image circulating online shows Dar on the jeep after it comes to a halt. The number 339, visible on the bumper of the jeep, matches the jeep in the video.Beerwah lies less than 30km west of Srinagar, were eight people were killed by police on April 9 after police opened fire on protesters they claimed were throwing stones.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Samsung's Galaxy S8 smartphone seems all-but-confirmed and could launch in as little as three months early next year.
As is common with tech manufacturers now, when the S8 does arrive it will likely do so in two different sizes. Early indicators suggest that we'll see a 5.1-inch and a 5.5-inch model.
What's not clear is whether or not Samsung will introduce an 'edge' version of the new phone with a curved screen. It has taken this approach with both the S7 and the S6 in the last two years.
(Photo: Samsung)
The South Korean company is also only starting to recover from the disastrous global recall and cancellation of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone. It's launching its first product, the Gear S3 smartwatch, in the UK later this month.
And then there's the small matter of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus that are currently proving a hit with fans, despite the controversial decision to remove the headphone jack.
Although it's unlikely that we'll see the next Samsung Galaxy phone on our shelves before March 2017, there are already plenty of leaks about the gadget showing up online.
(Photo: Samsung)
Whilst Apple appears to refine and strip down its phones, Samsung appears to be going the other way. If the current crop of internet rumours are to be believed, the company will be throwing everything it has into its next blower.
So, what do we know so far? We've collected all the latest whisperings right here and will continue to update this piece as we learn more.
Latest news
Amid rumours that Samsung is planning to follow Apple's lead and remove the headphone jack on the Galaxy S8, some sources are now claiming that Samsung will launch a pair of lightweight bluetooth earbuds – similar in design and functionality to Apple's AirPods.
Samsung already offers a pair of wireless earbuds, called the Gear IconX, which track your physical activity, have enough internal storage for around 1,000 music tracks and include a small touchpad to control music playback.
However, SamMobile reports that the South Korean company will launch a new pair of wireless earbuds alongside the Galaxy S8 in 2017, citing sources with knowledge of Samsung's product roadmap.
The new earphones could integrate with Samsung's new voice assistant, Viv, allowing users to dictate messages, request songs, make phone calls and ask for directions - just like users of Apple's AirPods can with Siri.
Release date
We might not know anything concrete about the Galaxy S8 release date for months yet, but thankfully it's a relatively easy thing to predict.
(Photo: PA)
Samsung's Galaxy phones have (since the S2 in 2011) been announced at or around the time of the Mobile World Congress (MWC) event in Barcelona. It happens each year in late February or early March. This lets Samsung have its phones on the shelves by the end of March or, more likely, early April.
It appears the Samsung Galaxy S8 will be no different. According to Phone Arena, Samsung has released a teaser image of its annual "Unpacked" event.
Although there's no specific mention of the new phone, Samsung has given a date: February 26, 2017.
The image was first revealed on Twitter by user Ricciolo - a reliable source of Samsung leaks.
Last year's event saw a surprise appearance from Mark Zuckerberg as well as the unveiling of the Samsung Galaxy S7.
Price
As with Apple's iPhones, the Samsung Galaxy handsets have more or less plateaued when it comes to price. The current 32GB S7 comes in at £569 whilst the slightly larger S7 edge is £639. It's unlikely that Samsung's new phones will deviate too far from this kind of pricing. So you better start saving.
What could change things is if Samsung decides to offer multiple storage options. At the moment you can only get the S7 with 32GB of storage. If Samsung opts to increase this to 64GB or even 128GB the price could increase also.
However, the company could also keep the storage space as it is and instead include the capacity of the microSD card slot.
Design
Perhaps in an effort to rescue something from the doomed Galaxy 7 Note, Samsung could be planning to put an edge-to-edge display in the new S8.
That's the message coming from tech site Droid-Life, which claims the new S8 will come in two sizes and won't feature any bezels. Samsung will release a 5.7-inch model and a whopping 6.2-inch model - which makes it practically a tablet in our eyes.
(Photo: Getty)
What's more, the site is claiming Samsung will ditch the home button - something that has always been a feature of Galaxy phones.
"With the removal of the home button, it should be expected that we might see on-screen buttons, instead of Samsung's long-standing capacitive keys," claims the site.
Samsung is also reportedly planning to put a pair of stereo speakers on the forthcoming Galaxy S8 flagship phone - something Apple did with the iPhone 7.
The news comes from gadget site Fone Arena, which alleges that the new blower might also sport branding from audio company HARMAN.
"According to our sources this dual speaker technology will have a branding, like the HTC's Boomsound," wrote the site. "It could also come with HARMAN branding, and powered by technology from HARMAN that it recently agreed to acquire for about $8.0 billion."
Specs
Aside from the aforementioned 4K screen, there are a few rumours circulating about what kind of power the S8 may have under the bonnet.
Samsung's cameras have been exceptionally good recently, but the proliferation of dual-lens snappers from the likes of Apple, Huawei and LG may inspire it to follow suit. According to tech site Trusted Reviews , Samsung is indeed planning to include dual-lens cameras in its next phone.
(Photo: MEN)
A recent leak, reported on by the gadget site Pocket Lint , seems to have a clear picture of the S8's specs. It says the new phone will pack in 6GB of RAM and a 30-megapixel camera.
There will also be a 4,200mAh battery which - providing it doesn't explode - should easily see the phone through 24 hours of solid usage.
A report on Samsung-watching site SamMobile hit on the fact that the S8 may include an Exynos 8895 processor coupled with a Mali-G71 GPU. According to the site, that means the new phone will be up to 1.8 times more powerful than the already-impressive Galaxy S7.
What's more, SamMobile echoes other sites that suggest the S8 will have a 5.2-inch 4K-capable display. The reason? Samsung's pushing heavily into virtual reality and having a powerful screen resolution means you can use the phone in VR headsets like the Samsung Galaxy Gear and Google Daydream VR.
No headphone jack
It's being rumoured that Samsung will follow Apple's lead and ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack on the Samsung Galaxy S8.
If true, it would force users to adopt wireless headphones or, potentially, use a USB Type-C compatible pair, if that's what the new handset uses for charging.
The latter is what Samsung fan site SamMobile believes will be the case when the Galaxy S8 is unveiled at Mobile World Congress in 2017.
Galaxy S8 leaks suggest Samsung is planning to copy one of the iPhone 7's best features
(Photo: REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji)
By ditching the port, the company could make the phone sturdier and likely improve waterproofing while keeping the casing slim. But it's also likely to irk a huge number of people who rely on the old-fashioned analogue connection.
Apple wasn't the first major manufacturer to remove the headphone jack, but the decision caused the biggest stir when the iPhone 7 was unveiled. Third-party manufacturers have raced to offer wireless headphones and phone cases to resolve the issue.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
Are you a parent that has been searching everywhere to find a fingerling?
Well let the Y98 morning show keep you informed about where you can the find one of the hottest toys of 2017!
Courtney was in her local Circle K gas station, and saw the “Funky Monkey”. Which is pretty much the same thing, for a way cheaper price!
You're welcome and Merry Christmas!
FOLLOWING on from last week's column, when I was a kid, growing up on a cattle farm in north-western Sydney, we never thought about what happened to our rubbish.
We had no garbage pickup service and, like many other households of that era, there were a couple of incinerators just near the chook shed. One was an old 44-gallon drum that did the trick for many years; I remember the excitement when Dad bought a new-fangled concrete-block job. But in hindsight, we really didn't generate that much trash, although Mum was fond of canned vegetables. Apart from the cans, there was little plastic then and food scraps went to the dogs and chickens.
My father was notorious for going to the tip and coming back with more garbage than he started out with. I guess in many ways, he was an early environmentalist (if you can ignore the smoke aspect - he loved the incinerator); a child of the Depression, he hated seeing things being discarded. I have learned well; I still have a microwave oven that is 30 years old; it's enormous and ugly, but it still works so I won't get a new one until it carks it (or maybe not even then). I've also retrieved fruit from the dumped prunings of citrus trees at my local tip.
I don't know what Dad would have thought of this throw-away society we live in now. An era when perfectly good mobile phones and televisions are jettisoned because a newer, shinier one is available. An era when everything is packaged to within an inch of its life. I have, in recent months, started collecting all the unnecessary plastic stuff in which fresh food comes, and I am returning it to the place of purchase for them to deal with it.
I am urging my friends to do the same. I don't know if it will make any difference, but perhaps if big stores see the end result of all the packaging we are forced to buy our food in, they might rethink the topic.
Meat comes in little plastic-covered trays, sitting on little plastic mats filled with some weird absorbent gel; fruit and veg are in rigid tubs - all unnecessary.
Make a simple start by not buying bottled water and rejecting a lid for your takeaway coffee.
Plastic, unfantastic.
Benevento, May 30 - A woman died after breathing carbon monoxide fumes released by a fire in her home at San Marco dei Cavoti near Benevento Wednesday. Sixty-one-year-old teacher Maria Antonietta Ielardi died while her husband managed to escape and raise the alarm before collapsing. He is not in a serious condition.
PARIS (AP) — The impossible is now possible, French far right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen said in celebration after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidency. But the Trump effect may not bring Le Pen the boost she had once expected.
That's in part because Trump has not turned out to be the soul mate Le Pen was counting on. Trump bombed Syria and abandoned support for President Bashar Assad, whom Le Pen backs. He alienated Russia even as Le Pen consolidated her alliance with Vladimir Putin. And Trump's administration has been fraught with internal troubles.
French voters have learned at least one thing from Trump's surprising victory and Britain's surprising vote to leave the European Union: They need to be ready for a surprise.
With only six days left before Sunday's first-round vote, polls show the four leading French candidates are so close in popularity that there's no clear front-runner. The top two candidates advance to a May 7 runoff.
Advertisement
Le Pen, campaigning against immigration and Europe's open borders, has a good chance of reaching the runoff but little chance of winning it – at least according to pollsters, who have suffered their own Trump effect after failing to predict his presidency.
Populists elsewhere in Europe have had mixed success in elections since November. Dutch voters rejected firebrand Geert Wilders, favoring the status quo. Italians voted against the establishment, while Austrian voters rejected a far right presidential contender.
In France, Trump's victory has given new focus to Le Pen's rivals.
Independent centrist Emmanuel Macron is framing himself as a bulwark against the nationalism and protectionism of Trump's America and Putin's Russia. “The world around us is changing. War, terrorist threat, the uncertainty on the other side of the ocean (a reference to Trump), the threat at our borders of several authoritarian regimes. Yes, we will have to be strong, uncompromising,” Macron told a big campaign rally Monday.
Other candidates are warning that Le Pen's dreams of leaving the EU and the euro would wipe out voters' savings and devastate the economy. French media pressured Le Pen last week for questioning whether the French state was really responsible for deporting tens of thousands of Jews to death in World War II during the Nazi occupation.
Le Pen enjoyed a boost from the Trump phenomenon – the rise of anti-establishment sentiment, especially from working classes who lost out from the globalization that transformed the world over the past generation. Le Pen has courted that electorate for years and saw Trump's election as vindication of that strategy.
Hours after Trump was elected, Le Pen said, “What happened tonight is not the end of the world, it's the end of a (certain) world.” She called his victory and the Brexit vote “democratic choices that bury the ancient order and are as many stones to build the world of tomorrow.”
She also plays to security fears after a string of deadly Islamic extremist attacks on France.
But the Trump presidency has shown that implementing populist promises isn't as easy as it seems. And Trump's own reversals have frustrated Le Pen.
“We have seen that Trump's latest positions are so contrary to what Marine Le Pen had hoped,” said Thierry de Montbrial, president of the French Institute of International Relations. Nationalist candidates “no longer recognize themselves” in Trump anymore.
Le Pen distanced herself from Trump after the U.S. missile strikes on Syria earlier this month, angry that he is trying to be “the world's policeman.”
Trump's reversal on NATO – which he once called obsolete – also frustrates Le Pen. She wants to pull France out of its command structure and sees the alliance as an unnecessary threat to Russia now that the Soviet Union is defunct.
“If there is a Trump effect on the campaign, it is that in many minds, it's assumed that anything is possible,” said Emmanuel Riviere, director of Kantar Public's polling in France. “It's not unreasonable to have a victory of a candidate who is improbably excessive, and unexpected.”
Le Pen's electorate is not an exact mirror of Trump's, though they both attract support from “white people whose social standing has fallen,” Riviere said.
She doesn't have a powerful party machine like that of Trump's Republicans, and has less support from older generations who supported Trump. But Le Pen enjoys more support from youth.
Riviere said any lingering Trump effect on the French campaign could also favor other candidates, such as far-left Jean-Luc Melenchon, who rails against free trade. Or conservative Francois Fillon, who has adopted Trump-style criticism of the media and a justice system he said is conspiring against him.
“We are in a very unprecedented moment in French politics,” Riviere said. “This presidential term will be something we have never seen before.”
BOSTON (AP) — A juvenile court judge finds himself at the center of a legal quagmire in a case that provides a disturbing look at teen depression and suicide.
Judge Lawrence Moniz is deliberating the fate of Michelle Carter. The Massachusetts woman is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the 2014 suicide of her boyfriend, Carter Roy III.
Prosecutors allege that Carter caused Roy's death by relentlessly badgering him with text messages urging him to kill himself.
Carter's lawyers say Roy had made up his mind to take his own life and Carter did not cause his death.
Advertisement
The case is being closely watched in the legal community. If the judge convicts Carter of manslaughter, it could set a legal precedent in Massachusetts. The state does not have a law against encouraging someone to kill themselves.
ROANOKE, Va. - Scattered thunderstorms will move into the area Thursday afternoon, with a large chunk of the area under a "marginal risk" for severe weather. This means that isolated severe storms capable of producing 60 mph wind gusts or one inch hail are possible. With how wet the ground is, flooding may be an issue on an isolated basis too.
Storms bubble up first in the NRV closer to lunchtime, before becoming more scattered in nature during the afternoon and drive home. After dinner time, most of the energy needed for storm growth is east of here.
High temperatures will mainly be in the low to mid 80s before scattered storms move through the area.
Have a way to get information, should an alert be issued for your area. Download the StormTeam 10 app while you're on the go. For the latest road conditions, visit 511virginia.org.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Maharashtra: Massive fire on Akshay Kumar's Kesari sets in Wai
A huge fire broke out on the sets of Akshay Kumar starrer upcoming film Kesari in Wai district of Maharashtra. Watch this video for more information.
ADVERTISEMENT
Each week, we spotlight a dream vacation recommended by some of the industry's top travel writers. This week's pick is Croatia.
(Courtesy image)
Croatia has an island for every taste, said Kevin Rushby at The Guardian. With nearly 50 inhabited isles among the 1,000 islands and islets that dot its Adriatic coast, the Slavic nation invites hopping from stop to stop, with each adventure linked by a short ferry ride that's "like being on a mini-cruise." There's always a decent café on board, plus lovely views. And you never know exactly what awaits at the next port. Maybe you'll come upon an 80-year-old selling paintings of his local boat-filled harbor, as we did at quiet, charming Cres. Or a "luminously brilliant" family-run restaurant, like the one we found on Krk. My partner, Sophie, and I were traveling with my 13-year-old, Maddy, who can tell you that it's worth visiting Rab for the island's signature pastry alone.
Cres, our first stop, is "an easygoing place, little frequented by tourists and pleasant to stroll around in." Inside the island's 13th-century monastery, we're offered samples of the monks' fennel-based liqueur by a smiling cleric who's delighted we want seconds, even at 9 a.m. Because nearby Krk is busier, a walk amid its stone lanes can be slow going. "But why hurry?" We happen upon a beach-ware shop housed in a former temple of Venus; a lunch of sheep's cheese and squid; and, later, Volsonis, "one of the world's most astonishing cafés." To enter, you duck through a small doorway in an ancient stone wall. Beyond the entrance lies a maze of underground and outdoor spaces — part café, part nightclub, and part archaeological site, because many of the walls, not to mention the sacrificial altar, were built by the Romans.
On Rab, we skip the chichi boutiques to check out the headquarters of the medieval order of crossbowmen, which houses an enjoyably weird collection of weaponry, heraldry, and 1930s local photography. We hire a boat for the afternoon, allowing us to explore a nearby forested peninsula and swim in its peaceful coves. Then it's on to the next island, via another ferry. Out on the deck, I detect what I swear are distinctive aromas of the islands we've enjoyed — "Cres' sage, Krk's pine, and coming up on the bow, Rab's lavender." Or maybe, as Maddy insists, I'm just catching the pleasant smells emanating from the boat's café kitchen.
Read more at The Guardian, or visit croatia.hr and croatiaferries.com for more information about island hopping.
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
Mars Rover Curiosity's Panoramic Photo Depicts Its Epic Journey
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS
Here's a reminder that while you are out in the world buying groceries, picking up dry cleaning or catching up on The Crown, NASA's Mars rover Curiosity is on the red planet doing work.
The nuclear-powered mobile science laboratory has been slowly roving across the surface of Mars since 2012, searching for evidence of the conditions that once made the planet capable of sustaining life. And earlier this week, while on a brief break from mountain climbing, Curiosity sent home a giant batch of photos showing what the rover has been up to over the last three months.
Mars mission members stitched together those images — taken from a vantage point of more than 1000 feet above the floor of the Gale Crater, where the rover first landed — to create this panoramic image:
The view from "Vera Rubin Ridge" on the north flank of Mount Sharp encompasses much of the 11-mile route the rover has driven from its 2012 landing site, all inside Gale Crater. Jet Propulsion Laboratory YouTube
"Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years, this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us," Curiosity Project Scientist Ashwin Vasavada of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, in Pasadena, Calif., said in a statement.
"From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge, the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater," said Vasavada. The rover photographed the scene shortly before northern Mars' winter solstice, a season of clear skies, gaining a sharp view of distant details.
Curiosity's impressive panorama stretches across more than 30 miles and shows the route that the rover has taken since 2012.
Curiosity will soon go back to its previous work of drilling for soil samples, this time along the Vera Rubin Ridge. Drilling has been on hold while mission members at JPL figured out how to work around a mechanical problem with stabilizer points of the drill that appeared in late 2016. It seems the California team has come up with a solution that does not require using the stabilizing points, and instead moves the whole drill forward by motion of the robotic arm.
JPL is also preparing for the launch in May of a new lander called InSight. It'll be the first interplanetary launch from the West Coast. The trip to Mars takes about six months and once it's on the planet the lander will begin studying the deep interior of Mars. Using an ultra-sensitive seismometer it will listen for seismic waves bouncing through the planet created by marsquakes. That allows scientists to study what the rocky planet is made of.
Scientists have been interested in learning about the geological activity of Mars for some time, as Space.com reports, "both for the sake of science and for anyone who might go there."
"With NASA striving to take humans back to the Moon and onto Mars and beyond, understanding the geologic activity of the planet can aid in future mission planning," David Ferrill of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, Texas, explained.
STAY INFORMED. GET INSPIRED.
Get our Best of the Week Newsletter direct to your inbox
Invalid Email
× What the Eclipse Will Look Like in Your Backyard
NEW YORK — The eclipse of the century is fast approaching on August 21, and it will be a show for the ages. It has been nearly 100 years since a total eclipse has moved from coast to coast across the United States. This one will be unique, as it travels more than 3,000 miles over land, where tens of millions of Americans will be able to view it, a vast difference from many eclipses that occur over oceans or remote regions of the Earth.
It will be a total eclipse in a small swath from the West Coast to the East Coast and a partial eclipse for the entire North American continent. What you see will vary greatly depending on your location.
Get to totality if you can
The eclipse will spread from Oregon around midmorning (West Coast time) to the South Carolina coast about 90 minutes later, about 2:45 p.m. ET. The relatively small 70-mile-wide path will provide the greatest show. Within this area, a total eclipse will occur as the moon aligns with the sun to an umbra. In this shadow region known as totality, the sun will be 100% covered, and it will become dark.
Scientists like Kelly Beatty, a senior editor with Sky and Telescope magazine who has witnessed a dozen total eclipses, advise that you want to be in that path.
“This is one of those cases where being close isn't good enough,” he said.
Dave Jones, CEO of StormCenter Communications, whose group is helping states in the path prepare for the eclipse, agrees. “Is 99% coverage good enough? My simple answer is no. Only in totality can you take off your protective glasses and watch with the naked eye. Some people call it a life-changing experience or even spiritual.”
Beatty added, “only in totality can you witness the corona, the hot gases that surround the sun. The stars come out; the temperature drops; you see a bright glow around the horizon, and clouds in the distance can blink out. People are thrilled by the senses around them. When you see it, it's overwhelming.”
An estimated 12 million people are lucky enough to have a front row seat, living within that narrow path of totality. The largest cities include Nashville, Tennessee; Greenville, Columbia and Charleston, South Carolina; the north side of Kansas City; and the south side of St. Louis. Here, you will have the best show right in your backyard.
But NASA estimates that 200 million Americans live within a day's drive of totality, and many of them are expected to head to where the show is best.
Gridlock traffic is expected
Traffic could become a big issue. Matt Hiebert, assistant director of communications for the Missouri Department of Transportation and the man who is helping coordinate the message for the states in the path of the eclipse, says tens of millions could make the drive.
“In Missouri, we expect anywhere between 300,000 and 1.2 million out-of-state guests driving in. We're preparing for the bigger number. Missouri alone has 107 events planned.”
The estimates are highest for South Carolina, where over 2 million visitors are expected.
Hiebert advises travelers to use common sense. “Find a location and arrive early and plan on staying later.” He expects the worst traffic to occur immediately after the eclipse, when everyone leaves at the same time.
“Have a full tank of gas, and pack food and water. Don't take pictures or wear your protective glasses while driving. Don't stop along the side of the road, and above all, watch out for pedestrians. Lots of people are going to be looking up at the sky and not paying attention.”
Small towns in the path of totality will blossom into metropolises. Glendo, Wyoming, southeast of Casper, has a population of 200 but is expecting upwards of 100,000 visitors on eclipse day.
Some communities have turned to Kickstarter to help fund what could be a strain on their budgets for things as simple as portable toilets.
Jones jokingly calls it “the day of national gridlock outside of Washington” and likens it to the experience of a full-blown hurricane evacuation. “In Hurricane Floyd in 1999, you had millions evacuating. It was taking as long as 15 hours to get from Myrtle Beach to Columbia, South Carolina.”
Beatty predicts that “Some rural communities will look like Woodstock did in the 60's.”
What will it look like in my city?
If school or work keeps you from making it into the path of totality, there will still be a show; it just won't be as vivid.
The problem is that sunlight is extremely bright. It seems logical that if 70% of the sun is blocked by the moon, it would appear like dusk or even twilight, but that is not the case. The percentage doesn't directly correspond to how much darkness you see.
Even at 99% blocked, the sun is still 10,000 times brighter than it would be in totality. Beatty says that if you were walking around New York City on August 21 and were unaware that the eclipse was happening, you may not even notice. “At around 80%, or around 200 miles from the path of totality, you will begin to notice something is going on.”
Certainly, in cities like Atlanta, Boise and Portland, Oregon, that are all above 95%, the daylight will appear dim, and the temperatures will drop. Luckily, many cities are above 80% and will see some effects, such as Cleveland, Detroit, Pittsburgh, Denver, Washington, Salt Lake City and Indianapolis.
The weather factor
So what will be the absolute best location for viewing the eclipse? Beatty put it simply: “Wherever it is clear.”
Weather will have an enormous impact on what you see. That is especially true in totality, where the rare sight of the sun's corona will be visible only if clouds do not shroud it.
It will still turn dark, but the show won't be as good, and an interesting phenomenon could develop. You could call it reverse storm chasing: Hundreds of thousands of people may chase sunshine, not storms, which could cause gridlock.
“What if it's cloudy on one end of the state and sunny on the other? Law enforcement actually has a plan in place in case hundreds of thousands jump on the road and try and get to where it is clear,” Hiebert said.
The National Weather Service — which crunched the numbers for August 21 — shows that coastal sections of Oregon and South Carolina have the greatest threat of clouds, along with areas east of the Mississippi River, while the Intermountain West has the best chance of clear skies.
Tens of millions are expected to see this once-in-a-lifetime celestial event. Hopefully, Mother Nature will cooperate.
Crop-Destroying Birds Better Prey These Falcons Don't See Them
Enlarge this image toggle caption Esmy Jimenez/NWPB Esmy Jimenez/NWPB
It's feeding time at Brad Felger's farm in Washington's Skagit Valley. And he's about to feed 40 hungry falcons.
Yes, falcons.
They're an important, albeit often unseen, part of farming in some states, used as a defense mechanism to keep away pesky birds like starlings, which love to eat berries and apples.
Since age 12, Felger has had a self-described love for everything with feathers, scales or tails.
"Falconers are, what's the word I'm looking for ... eccentric," Felger says.
Now he runs Airstrike Bird Control as founder and CEO.
His business? Raptor abatement.
It's different than traditional falconry because rather than hunting quarry, he uses his falcons to scare off birds that can be bad news for crops.
In 2017, he employed about 30 falconers and used over 100 falcons (only about 25 of those are Felger's) to control troublesome crop-eaters.
According to research in the journal Crop Protection, in 2011 in Washington state alone, honeycrisp apple farmers lost nearly $3,000 per acre to birds eating their produce.
While nets can secure fruit trees and noisemakers can scare birds, there are drawbacks to each tool. Nets can be expensive, and birds can get used to noise-scare tactics.
But falcons?
"It's using nature against nature. And it's something birds never get used to," Felger says. "They never get used to an aggressive falcon flying toward them."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Esmy Jimenez/NWPB Esmy Jimenez/NWPB
Felger's operation is non-lethal for the birds that the falcons scare away.
He flies his falcons all along the U.S. West Coast. In Washington, he starts with blueberry farms in May, then travels east, ending with vineyards in the Yakima Valley and Columbia Basin through the fall.
His operation is gaining popularity, especially with organic and eco-friendly farms.
Patricia Thompson is the falconry manager for the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife. This season she permitted nearly 300 recreational falconers in the state. Thompson says she's noticed an uptick in this style of pest control.
"It feels like more people are getting into abatement falconry," Thompson said. "And it does seem to be more ecological to haze the birds off, rather than using pesticides."
Thompson isn't sure how many of those falconers practice abatement since the state doesn't offer those permits. That permit comes at the federal level through the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
All states except Hawaii allow falconry. In other states, abatement falconers also work with landfill sites, golf courses and warehouses where birds can be a nuisance.
Thompson is quick to point out how intense falconry can be. It starts with a two-year apprenticeship, followed by an exam, and even a site visit where wildlife department officials examine facilities. She calls it a real lifestyle because the birds take so much time to care for and are in hunting-working relationships with their falconers.
At Fegler's farm, breeding season has already started. Next month, Felger is hoping to add 40 baby falcons to his cast of the hardworking birds of prey. Soon these little birds will start training to become the next generation of fruit-saving predators, maybe protecting a blueberry field or apple orchard near you.
This story comes to us from Washington-based member station Northwest Public Broadcasting. You can hear the original story here.
ISLAMABAD: The Amnesty International urged Pakistan to resolve hundreds of cases of enforced disappearances as the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) adopted on Monday the outcome of the Universal Periodic Review of Pakistan.
“As an elected member of this council, Pakistan must uphold the highest human rights standards – to not just acknowledge violations, but take concrete steps to end impunity for them,” said a statement issued by the London-based human rights group.
The group welcomed Pakistan's acceptance of recommendations to make enforced disappearance a criminal offence. However, it expressed annoyance over the country's failure to accept several recommendations – including from states with their own traumatic history of disappearances – to ratify the International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance.
“Amnesty International is pleased to note that Pakistan has accepted recommendations to protect journalists and freedom of expression, however, is concerned that the government did not accept recommendations to bring the perpetrators of such threats, attacks and abductions to justice,” the statement read.
The UN Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances had more than 700 pending cases from Pakistan, and Pakistan's State Commission of Inquiry on Enforced Disappearances had received reports of hundreds more, from across the country.
Victims included bloggers, journalists, students, peace activists and other human rights defenders whose work promoted the same values as the UNHRC and was crucial to a free and just society.
“No one has ever been held accountable for an enforced disappearance in Pakistan,” read the Amnesty International statement.
“These crimes take place against the backdrop of a broader assault on civil society. Freedom of expression is criminalised online. Human rights defenders are smeared and threatened and journalists are attacked. Civil society organisations are subject to greater restrictions, and international NGOs have been expelled,” it added.
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as he was. He led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," he says. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," he says, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, he argues, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for her husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," she says. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of her family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. She runs a clinic that dispenses free medicine to her poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," she says.
She doesn't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about her nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into his house warning him to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. He hides out here when he's afraid.
He repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but he says the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
She traces it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, she believes, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of his age, but says he used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so he predates Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, he said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is his messenger,'" he says, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, he says, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
His granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. He says he's proud of Pakistan, which he describes as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for his grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard her grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to her own children.
Besides, she says, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mohamed Salah was once again the star of the show in Liverpool's Champions League semi-final victory over Roma.
The PFA Player of the Year netted two first half goals to kill the leg before the break, and later set up Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino to put the icing on the cake.
Salah showed his class down on the pitch by refusing to celebrate his goals against Roma, who he left to sign for Liverpool in the summer for £35million.
But the forward had in fact demonstrated the kind of person he is before a ball had even been kicked at Anfield, by how he conducted himself in the tunnel.
(Image: BT Sport)
BT Sport cameras kept an eye on the Egyptian as he lined up alongside his Reds team-mates before making his way onto the pitch.
However, Salah couldn't resist greeting his friends at Roma. In fact, he took it one step further by hugging each and every one of them.
This isn't the first time Salah has proven himself to be a classy individual, after news emerged he asked Jurgen Klopp if one of his Liverpool team-mates could join him at the PFA awards.
(Image: REUTERS)
The reason for this is that Salah wanted the Liverpool team to be represented on the night, not just him.
Klopp agreed and sent Reds captain Jordan Henderson along to the bash, where Salah beat Kevin De Bruyne to the top prize.
(Image: REUTERS)
Liverpool fans watching their clash with Roma at home on Tuesday, spotted Salah's latest show of kindness in the tunnel before the game, and took to Twitter to react.
It seems this man can do no wrong at the moment.
Unregulated capital flows and the exchange rate movements such flows cause tend to be pro-cyclical in nature. Photo: Reuters
Intervention in foreign exchange markets, if used in sync with industrial policy, can help promote economic development as well as macroeconomic stability, argues a new research paper by Columbia University economists Martin Guzman, Jose Antonio Ocampo, and Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz. Poor countries are often at risk of what economists term as a “resource-curse”. This refers to foreign capital generally pouring in to extract and export resources (such as metals or oil). This leads to appreciation in local currency, which hurts the manufacturing sector's ability to grow and export. Unregulated capital flows and the exchange rate movements such flows cause tend to be pro-cyclical in nature. The authors argue that policymakers in these countries should proactively limit currency appreciation even while ensuring that foreign fund flows are directed towards sectors where spillovers for the domestic economy are high.
Also Read: Real Exchange Rate Policies for Economic Development
Support for globalization is higher in poorer countries compared to richer countries, according to an analysis of attitudes in 40 countries by Nina Pavcnik, professor of economics at Dartmouth College, USA. However, her research also shows that there are considerable differences within developing countries. People in Colombia and Brazil, early adopters of globalization and free trade, are today less optimistic about workers' prospects compared to newer entrants such as China and Vietnam. Even within countries, people in different regions may be affected differently. For instance, the poorest people in Indian districts which faced the brunt of import competition post-1991 were adversely affected by India's liberalization program, Pavcnik shows. Similarly, spatial inequality worsened in Vietnam after it signed a bilateral trade agreement with the US in 2001, with better-off provinces racing ahead of others in raising exports and economic growth. The unequal distribution of the gains and losses from trade--which often sows the seeds of discontent--creates an enormous challenge for policymakers.
Also Read more: The Impact of Trade on Inequality in Developing Countries
Entrepreneurs in the start-up world are not necessarily overconfident individuals who fail to grasp the true probability of success, according to Sabrina T. Howell, a researcher with the New York University Stern School of Business. She analysed 4,328 start-ups in the US which participated in various ‘new venture competitions' between 2007 and 2015. Start-ups receive feedback on their business ideas in such competitions. Her research shows that founders were quite responsive to feedback, and negative comments increased chances of them abandoning their projects by 13%. However, a small subset of these founders--typically males with elite degrees engaged in high-risk ventures--seemed unmoved by negative feedback. It may be worth researching whether the ability to remain unaffected by negative feedback is necessary to build innovative and high-risk-high-reward businesses, the author suggests.
Also Read: Learning from Feedback: Evidence from New Ventures
What determines whether people or companies buy a durable asset or rent it? A new research paper by Cyril Monnet and Borghan Narajabad, researchers with the University of Bern and the US Federal Reserve Board, argues that two factors are most important in determining whether a good is rented or purchased. The first factor is the uncertainty about the future value of the asset: greater the uncertainty, greater the chances of it being rented. The second factor is the extent to which the ‘hold-up problem' operates. The ‘hold-up problem' refers to a situation in which buyers and sellers may refuse to cooperate to arrive at an efficient solution for fear of giving the other party too much bargaining power and ending up with lower profits. If it is known that a seller is desperate to get rid of his asset, this will lower the chances of it being sold, and make it more likely to be rented out. However, the authors argue that more patient individuals or firms will prefer to buy over rent, in case they believe that benefits of owning an asset in the long term outweigh the potential losses due to hold-up problems.
Also Read: Why Rent When You Can Buy?
Collusion among traders and middlemen have deprived Indian farmers of fair prices, shows a study of the potato market in rural West Bengal in 2008 by Sandip Mitra, Dilip Mookherjee, Maximo Torero and Sujata Visaria, economists affiliated with the Indian Statistical Institute, Boston University, World Bank and HKUST (Hong Kong) respectively. Eighty percent of the increase in the final retail price of potatoes was pocketed by middlemen, the authors point out in a recent IdeasforIndia article based on their study.
Also Read: Middleman margins and market structure in West Bengal potato supply chains
Economics Digest runs weekly, and features interesting reads from the world of economics.
Rock legend Billy Joel says when it comes to politics, entertainers are “more like court jesters than court philosophers.”
In a lengthy interview with Rolling Stone, the “Piano Man” crooner said people don't come to his concerts to hear him preach politics.
“I try to stay out of politics. I am a private citizen and I have a right to believe in my own political point of view, but I try not to get up on a soapbox and tell people how to think,” Joel said.
“I've been to shows where people start haranguing the audience about what's going on politically and I'm thinking, ‘You know, this isn't why I came here,'” the singer explained. “As a matter of fact, one of the biggest cheers of the night comes when we do ‘Piano Man' and I sing, ‘They know that it's me that they're coming to see to forget about life for a while,' and the audience lets out this huge ‘ahhhh' and I say, ‘OK, yeah, don't forget that.'”
The six-time Grammy-winner, who's scored chart-topping hits and has toured the world for five decades, did say that he is “still flabbergasted” that Donald Trump won the White House.
Joel joins the likes of actor Mark Wahlberg and Transformers: The Last Knight star Josh Duhamel, who recently told Fox News: “I don't like to get involved politically at all. Nobody cares what I think politically.”
Joel has a residency at Madison Square Garden, a post he calls the “greatest gig in the world.”
“I'm doing a residency at the world's greatest arena – I mean what's better than that?” he said. “This is our fourth year and it's still selling out. I thought it would kind of dissipate. But so far there hasn't been any indication of that. When there is then we'll probably stop.”
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
Much like he did in his eloquent TED Talk that premiered in May, Shah Rukh Khan sauntered on to the stage and started off with anecdotes from his younger days at the launch of TED Talks India: Nayi Soch in Mumbai on Thursday evening. “I have been working in the industry for 30 years as an actor, but TED Talks India has given me the platform to just be myself,” said Khan, who will host the show set to air later this year.
In a first, media giant TED has collaborated with a commercial mainstream television network to take its mission – of taking revolutionary ideas to people – in a language other than English. The show, in Hindi, will be premiered on the Star Plus television channel.
“I believe in the power of love,” Khan said at the Mumbai event. “And love is nurtured by small and simple ideas. TED Talks have been doing that for years.” The actor went on to describe his TED Talk as the greatest achievement of his career.
However, the makers remained tight-lipped about the speakers who have been roped in and the air date of the show.
The show promises to feature speakers from the Hindi film industry, but lesser-known faces with spectacular ideas are also expected to make appearances. “You won't see these stars doing what they usually do,” Juliet Blake, the executive producer of the show said. “They are bringing very personal stories. The audience will be pleased to see that these are the finest storytellers from India, who are doing remarkable things.”
Uday Shankar, Shah Rukh Khan and Chris Anderson at the event. Image credit Star India.
‘Great fit for India'
Film industry stalwarts Karan Johar, Ekta Kapoor, Javed Akthar and Indian women's cricket team captain Mithali Raj are rumoured to be part of the lineup. All but one episode will be in Hindi. “The idea came out of a deep sense of angst that has captured the imagination of a lot of us, the television sector in particular,” Uday Shankar, Chairperson and CEO of Star India said. “It is usually perceived that anything that is deeply creative, intense and also intellectually stimulating could not be accepted by people at home who tune onto their television in the evening. I find that deeply disturbing. TED Talks India is clearly an outcome of that.”
Like in the original TED Talk, the selection criteria for the speakers is to see whether their idea rings true to the organisation's motto: Ideas worth spreading. “In the West, a lot of people are cynical and angry,” Head of TED and publishing entrepreneur, Chris Anderson, told Scroll.in in an interview. “In India there is a much bigger commitment to learning. The idea of a major mainstream television network to say we are going to offer lifelong learning to wherever you are for free in a powerful form is a very great experience. It is a great fit for India.”
Play Tim Urban's TED Talk (2016).
Themes that resonate not only with Indian audiences but also overseas viewers will be chosen. Topics such as education and the power of learning will be prime narratives on the show.
“Television has its own demands,” Anderson explained. “I think what has been surprising to us is how much it is the same more as how much it is different. The crew, right from Uday, has insisted that this not be dumbed down, but this be TED. A way that a TED event actually happens is that you see a series of them. You might see four or five, which cluster around a theme. But they connect to each other and build on each other. You are going to see something really similar in this show.”
The series will be approached with the same diligence as any other TED Talk, the makers said. “It is a long process where the talks get translated into Hindi and back-translated into English for me,” Blake said. “And we have a team in New York, which does the fact-checking. There has been no talk in the show that has not been fact-checked by our team. And that has sometimes meant re-writes and edit after a talk has been given.”
Nevertheless, the show will fit into the entertainment genre, Khan promised. “It is a mix of entertainment, inspiration and intellectualism and to achieve that is difficult,” he said.
Unsafe seafood. Insufficiently refrigerated meats. Rusty shelving. Cooks without hairnets.
Reports show Florida health inspectors cited President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort with 15 violations in late January, days before the U.S. leader hosted Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for a visit.
Still, the state inspectors allowed the luxury resort's main restaurant and beach club grill to remain open as staff scrambled to make several immediate corrections.
Among the “high priority” problems described as “potentially hazardous” were faulty fridges with meats stored well above the required 41 degrees Fahrenheit. Other issues included fish being served raw or undercooked without undergoing “proper parasite destruction.”
Trump is a frequent visitor to the private club he calls the Winter White House. The Trump Organization did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
With A Mid-Week Holiday, Marking A Revolution With Moderation Celebrating the Fourth of July is a serious predicament for some when it falls on a Wednesday. It's hard to enjoy barbecues and fireworks when you have to be at work at 9 the next morning.
With A Mid-Week Holiday, Marking A Revolution With Moderation With A Mid-Week Holiday, Marking A Revolution With Moderation With A Mid-Week Holiday, Marking A Revolution With Moderation Audio will be available later today. Celebrating the Fourth of July is a serious predicament for some when it falls on a Wednesday. It's hard to enjoy barbecues and fireworks when you have to be at work at 9 the next morning. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
PARIS — Despite all of Novak Djokovic's success over the years — the 12 major championships, the career Grand Slam, the time ranked No. 1 — he still finds himself searching for self-confidence these days.
That's what an elbow injury and forced absence from the ATP tour can do to a player.
Djokovic was reflective and revealing Wednesday after moving into the third round at the French Open by virtue of a self-described up-and-down performance in a 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 victory over 155th-ranked Jaume Antoni Munar Clar of Spain. Both of Djokovic's matches so far have been against qualifiers; neither win was particularly impressive.
"At the moment, I'm not playing at the level I wish to, but at the same time, I understand that it is the process that obviously takes time," said Djokovic, whose seeding of No. 20 is his lowest at a Slam in 12 years. "And I'm trying to not give up."
At least he got through in straight sets, saving energy for whatever might come next at Roland Garros. Other leading men were forced to work a lot harder in matches they would have been expected to breeze through: No. 2-seeded Alexander Zverev, No. 4 Grigor Dimitrov and No. 19 Kei Nishikori all faced two-sets-to-one deficits and all emerged to win Wednesday.
Zverev was down by a set and a break early — and down a racket he'd obliterated by then, too — before collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2. Dimitrov was two points from defeat against 21-year-old American Jared Donaldson but won 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes and featured a couple of underhand serves by the cramping Donaldson. Nishikori got past Benoit Paire of France 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3.
A reporter asked Zverev about what he told himself while trailing in order to turn his match around.
The 21-year-old German scoffed at the premise.
"I mean, you guys make it sound like we think about it, really. We don't. We just try to play and win each point, each game. Being two sets to one down is like being a set (behind) in a three-set match. We're not going to overthink it: 'Oh, I'm two sets to one down. What am I going to do? How am I going to play the next point?'" he responded. "We try to play our best. We try to maybe change a few tactics and see how we can win the next point and the next game."
The lengths, if not quality, of those matches were what amounted to on-court intrigue on Day 4 at the clay-court major, because there really was little in the way of stunning outcomes. The only top-16-seeded man or woman who lost was No. 12 Sam Querrey of the U.S., and he's only once been as far as the third round in 12 appearances at Roland Garros.
The Thistle & Shamrock: Dear Jean
Enlarge this image toggle caption Photo Courtesy of State Archives of Florida Photo Courtesy of State Archives of Florida
Artists celebrate Jean Ritchie (1922-2015) by singing the songs she taught them and by passing along their wisdom. Host Fiona Ritchie explores the reach of Jean's songs and presents music from a commemorative CD featuring Robin and Linda Williams, Peggy Seeger, Kathy Mattea, John McCutcheon and many more artists who were proud to call "The Mother of Folk" their friend.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two matches promising thrills and spills will take place inside WWE's infamous Hell in a Cell this Sunday night.
The SmackDown pay-per-view of the same name will see the company's top daredevil Shane McMahon return to the ring.
The blue brand's commissioner and son of WWE chairman Vince McMahon will battle the vicious upstart Kevin Owens.
Meanwhile, the SmackDown tag titles will be defended as The New Day and The Usos look to settle one of the feuds of the year.
Here is all you need to know ahead of the big event.
(Image: © WWE)
When is WWE Hell in a Cell 2017?
WWE Hell in a Cell 2017 is being broadcast live from the Little Caesars Arena in Detroit, Michigan on Sunday, October 8. It gets underway from 8pm local time and from 1am in the UK (Monday morning).
Where can I watch it?
The pay-per-view event is available for £14.95 on Sky Box Office with either a live or repeat viewing.
You can watch it on the WWE Network, through the following devices/websites:
PS3 or PS4
Xbox 360 or Xbox One
Sony Internet-connected TVs
Samsung Smart TVs
Panasonic Life+Screen Smart TVs
Kindle Fire or Amazon Fire TV
Apple TV
Roku
iOS enabled devices
Android enabled devices
WWE.com
If you don't have access to these channels, you can follow the action with Mirror Sport, who will be live blogging throughout the show.
What about The Kickoff pre-show?
The Kickoff pre-show, featuring host Renee Young breaking down the action with celebrated pundits, will begin at 7pm local time and at midnight in the UK. You can watch it on the WWE Network, WWE.com, the official WWE App, YouTube and several other devices/websites.
(Image: © WWE)
What is the main event?
It's not clear at this stage which match will close the show, with either Jinder Mahal's defence of his WWE Championship against Shinsuke Nakamura or Shane McMahon's Hell in a Cell clash with Kevin Owens the two contenders for the main event spot.
The underwhelming Mahal retained his title against Nakamura in a poor match at SummerSlam, due to a distraction from The Singh Brothers. He has since mocked Nakamura's facial expressions and accent in a controversial and some would say unacceptable promo. Will he get his comeuppance with a title reign ending Kinshasa?
Owens has meanwhile infuriated Shane with similarly incendiary comments, suggesting his family would have been better off if he had died in his recent helicopter crash. To rub salt in the wounds, he then attacked his dad Vince McMahon! It's safe to say this bout will be an all-out war.
What about the women's title?
SmackDown Women's Champion Natalya defends her title against Charlotte Flair in a match between two of the best female athletes in the company. This pairing has barely scratched the surface yet, although Natalya has fired up Flair with some choice remarks about her father Ric, who is recovering from serious illness.
(Image: © WWE)
Will there be a tag team title match?
Yes, and it may well steal the show! The New Day and The Usos have enjoyed a brilliant rivalry this summer, with enthralling matches at Money in the Bank, Battleground (when The New Day captured The Usos' belts) and at SummerSlam. This decider should be a tour de force.
What are the other key matches on the card?
Dolph Ziggler has returned to action and spent weeks mocking stars who rely on their flamboyant entrances to gain fan support, rather than their in-ring prowess. Logically he has then been challenged by the man with the most glorious entrance in all of WWE, Bobby Roode.
Randy Orton narrowly missed out on another shot at Jinder Mahal's WWE Championship after demolishing Rusev in all of 10 seconds at SummerSlam. Now Rusev has the chance for revenge, assisted by his new ally, Aiden English.
The United States Champion AJ Styles is challenged by Baron Corbin, who is looking to regain some momentum after failing to cash-in his Money in the Bank briefcase and struggling to impress against Shinsuke Nakamura and John Cena. Can he shine versus the Phenomenal One?
(Image: © WWE)
Are there likely to be any surprise appearances?
Sami Zayn has been quite heavily involved in his long time nemesis Kevin Owens' spat with Shane McMahon and it would be intriguing if he had a part to play in their match-up. Likewise, Stephanie McMahon was none too impressed with KO's actions, and perhaps Triple H has something to say about the treatment of his brother and father-in-law...
Watch WWE Hell in a Cell 2017 live on the WWE Network or on Sky Sports Box Office at 1am on Monday, October 9.
You can follow all the action as it happens in the Mirror Sport WWE Hell in a Cell 2017 Live Blog from 11pm on Sunday, October 8.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two Boca Juniors players have sensationally been caught on camera fighting during a training session.
The incident was unintentionally captured by the folks at Fox Sports Argentina who were simply there just to gain training footage.
The two players involved were Juan Insaurralde and Jonathan Silva.
After failing to win their last five friendlies (losing two of those), the atmosphere at the Casa Amarilla has been somewhat down.
And things boiled over during Tuesday's training session with Insaurralde and Silva trading blows.
Players rushed in to separate the pair before manager Guillermo Schelotto furiously sent the footballers their own way.
The Argentine outfit is still on their winter break, with their first league game due to take place on February 25.
With one friendly left to play, Schelotto will be hoping his side win to drastically improve the atmosphere within the camp.
But it's not all doom and gloom for Boca Juniors, they're still top of the Primera Division.
Brother of Chapecoense plane crash victim is booked for touching tribute
Video will play in
Police smash biggest ever paedophile ring in Euro
How pubs should be serving their beer
Dead rat thrown on pitch during derby in Denmark
A look at Harry Redknapp's career so far
John Terry set to leave Chelsea at the end of the
Carlo Ancelotti says Bavaria must be 'perfect' to
Players to watch in the FA Youth Cup final
Anthony Joshua appears in brilliant film about hi
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Guilherme Biteco was booked after dedicating a goal celebration to his deceased brother in a recent away match.
Biteco's brother, Matheus, was one of the 71 Chapecoense plane crash victims which tragically occurred in November last year.
The Brazilian side were travelling to Medellin, Colombia to face Athletico Nacional in the first leg of the Copa Sudamericana final when the crash happened.
Matheus was a key member of the Chapecoense squad, making 24 appearances in 2016.
Guilherme, who plays for Serie B side Parana, scored his first goal since losing his brother and cried during his celebration.
(Photo: SPORTV)
(Photo: SPORTV)
The Brazilian came on as a 73rd minute substitute with the game already at 1-0 to the visitors.
Guilherme then scored two minutes from time latching on to the end of a cross and slotting the ball home.
(Photo: SPORTV)
(Photo: SPORTV)
After scoring, the 23-year-old immediately removed his shirt and revealed a t-shirt with pictures of his brother on it.
Despite the sensitive nature of the situation, referee Wagner Reway still booked the 23-year-old.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A state tax credit that helped propel Oklahoma to third in the nation in its capacity to generate electricity from wind is expected to end soon.
Gov. Mary Fallin has indicated she will sign legislation to roll back a 10-year tax credit for electricity generated by zero-emission facilities that was launched in 2003.
Under the measure, zero-emission facilities must be operating by July 1 this year to qualify for the credit, instead of Jan. 1, 2021. It is one of several revenue proposals that Oklahoma lawmakers are considering as they struggle to close an estimated $868 million budget shortfall.
But closing the window of eligibility will have no short-term impact on state tax collections, according to fiscal analysts. The first tax year that the change will be fully in effect is 2027.
Advertisement
Even then, the revenue generated by wind facilities will not “move the needle very much on the state budget,” said Dr. Stephen Stadler, a board member of the Oklahoma Renewable Energy Council. He said lawmakers should roll back other tax credits and incentives, including generous subsidies provided to the oil and natural gas industry.
“Can we afford those subsidies?” he asked. “Things are not even. It's not a level playing field.”
Oklahoma provides about $1 billion in business tax breaks each year and participation in the zero-emission tax credit program has skyrocketed, pushing claims under the program from $3.7 million in 2010 to more than $113 million in 2014, according to a report to the Oklahoma Incentive Evaluation Commission by Public Financial Management, a consulting firm.
Plans for additional wind energy facilities indicate the incentive's impact will remain high. Payments through the program could be at least $120 million this year, estimated Richard Mosier, an attorney in Claremore and a member of WindWaste, a nonprofit organization critical of the wind energy industry.
“The growth of the wind industry in Oklahoma has been exponential,” Mosier said. “It was pretty clear to us that we couldn't afford it. It was going to be a drain on the state treasury.”
In 2016, Oklahoma ranked third for installed wind capacity and total wind energy generation, behind Texas then Iowa, according to the American Wind Energy Association.
Oklahoma had 3,394 wind turbines that produced 6,645 megawatts of electricity — enough to power about 1.8 million average U.S. homes — with another 552 megawatts under construction, according to the association. Wind producers have invested more than $12 billion in Oklahoma, creating up to 9,000 jobs and paying almost $134 million in property taxes since 2004.
In 2011, the Legislature set a goal of 15 percent of electricity generated within Oklahoma to come from renewable energy by 2015. Last year, wind energy alone provided more than 25 percent of in-state electricity production, according to Wind Energy Association data.
“The zero-emissions tax credit did what it was supposed to do — help the wind industry get off the ground in Oklahoma,” said Republican Senate President Pro Tem Mike Schulz of Altus. Schulz said eliminating the credit would provide certainty to the wind industry and long-term stability for the state budget.
“This bill is about prioritizing expenses during a contraction cycle in state revenues,” said Republican House Speaker Charles McCall of Atoka. “The savings from this bill will help us return our state to solid financial footing so that we can invest more in education, public safety and other priorities.”
Oklahoma will likely remain attractive to wind energy producers even after the tax credit ends, industry officials said. Producers have made substantial investments in other states without tax credit programs, including Texas and Kansas.
“The industry's already here, and I believe the industry will continue to be here,” Stadler said. “The wind resource is so good that you can go in there without anything Oklahoma is doing and make a profit.”
Sergio Marchionne will hold an investor's meeting in Italy on Friday, June 1, in Balocco, Italy, where the CEO will possibly kill one the corporation's most historic brand. FCA specialist Larry P. Vellequette of Automotive News reports that "a source told a European colleague" that Marchionne would declare the end of the Chrysler nameplate in the speech to investors.
In addition, Marchionne could detail plans to pull Fiat out of the United States and China, according to Automotive News. The brand would re-focus on building vehicles for Europe, Brazil, and emerging markets.
FCA's big strategic pivot would free up money to invest even more into Jeep, which is already the corporation's most profitable division. Among the new products reportedly on the way, there would be an even smaller SUV below the Renegade and the luxurious Grand Wagoneer for challenging the upper end of the segment.
The corporation might also merge Alfa Romeo and Maserati into a single, performance-oriented division, according to Automotive News. The move would make sense because having two brands focusing on sports cars doesn't make much sense when consumers are currently clamoring for crossovers.
These major moves would be Marchionne's final grand flourish as CEO before he retires from FCA next year. He has led the company for the last 14 years, including spearheading the merger between Fiat and Chrysler and spinning off Ferrari.
If Marchionne actually kills the Chrysler brand, it would be the end of a nameplate with over 90 years of history in the United States. However, the lineup consists of just two models today: the ancient 300 sedans and the still fresh Pacifica minivan. With so few products, axing Chrysler is easier than ever.
Source: Automotive News, 2
President Trump gestures during his rally at Municipal Auditorium in Nashville, Tenn., on May 29, 2018.
Larry McCormack, The Tennessean
At a campaign rally in Nashville, President Trump repeated a bushelful of false and misleading claims, and added a few new ones:
Trump said the individual mandate provision of the Affordable Care Act was "so unconstitutional." The Supreme Court upheld the mandate. In June 2012, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote that the penalty can be considered a tax that is within the power of Congress to impose.
The president also said the Senate's failure to pass a bill that would have repealed and replaced the Affordable Care Act 'cost our country $1 trillion in entitlement saving." Congressional budget experts say it would have saved a net total of $321 billion over 10 years.
The president also repeated numerous false, misleading and exaggerated claims on wages, trade, immigration and world opinion of the U.S.
Affordable Care Act
The president held a "Make America Great Again" rally in Nashville on May 29. He touched on numerous topics, touting in particular passage of the “Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.” In addition to overhauling the nation's tax code, the new tax law will repeal the tax imposed on certain people who do not purchase a qualified health insurance plan.
The tax, known as the "individual mandate," took effect in 2014 and, under the new law, will be repealed in 2019.
Trump criticized the mandate as unpopular and unfair. But he then added “unconstitutional,” which isn't true.
Trump, May 29: Plus in the tax cuts what did we get? The individual mandate is out the window. That was the most unpopular part of Obamacare. So unconstitutional.
In fact, the Supreme Court ruled the individual mandate was constitutional. In a 5-4 opinion on June 28, 2012, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote that the “penalty” — as it was described in the Affordable Care Act — is actually a “tax” collected by the IRS, and it is within congressional powers to impose new taxes.
Trump can have the opinion that it should have been ruled unconstitutional, but it was not.
The Republicans included the repeal of the individual mandate in the tax bill, because they were unable to pass the Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017, a Republican bill that would have repealed and replaced the Affordable Care Act.
Trump lamented the failure to pass the health care bill, which failed 49-51 after Sen. John McCain voted against it in the early morning hours of July 28, 2017, by signaling a thumbs-down. If McCain had voted for the bill, Vice President Mike Pence could have broken the 50-50 tie, and the bill would have passed.
Trump, May 29: It was done, and then, early in the morning, somebody turned the hand in the wrong direction. That cost our country a lot. That was a very, very terrible thing that happened that night. That was a very terrible thing. That cost our country $1 trillion in entitlement saving that nobody would have known.
Trump is not telling the whole story when he says the bill could have saved the country “$1 trillion in entitlement saving.” In addition to reducing health care spending, mostly on Medicaid, the Senate health care bill would have repealed or modified tax provisions in the ACA that provide increased revenues to the federal treasury.
On balance, the Senate bill would have reduced deficits by a net $321 billion over 10 years, 2017 to 2026, when accounting for the lost tax revenues, according to a joint analysis of the bill by the Joint Committee on Taxation and the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. (The analysis was based on the version posted to the Senate budget committee website as of June 26, 2017.)
CBO and JCT, June 26, 2017: CBO and JCT estimate that, over the 2017-2026 period, enacting this legislation would reduce direct spending by $1,022 billion and reduce revenues by $701 billion, for a net reduction of $321 billion in the deficit over that period.
The biggest savings would have come from Medicaid spending. CBO and JCT estimated that Medicaid spending would have declined in 2026 by 26 percent in comparison with current law — a reduction of $772 billion over the 10-year period. As a result, about 15 million fewer people would have been enrolled in Medicaid by 2026, compared with what enrollment would have been under current law, the analysis said.
The savings, however, would have been offset by the repeal and modification of certain taxes. The Senate version analyzed by congressional budget experts would have, among other things, repealed a surtax on net investment income and annual fees imposed on health insurers. The repeal of the investment income surtax, for example, would have reduced revenues by $172 billion, budget analysts said.
Repeating Himself
The president also repeated several claims that we have already debunked — sometimes more than once.
The claim: “And wages, for the first time in many, many years, are finally going up.”
The facts: It is not “the first time” that wages are going up. The upward trend in wages started under President Barack Obama and has continued under Trump. The average weekly earnings of all private-sector workers, in “real” (inflation-adjusted) terms, rose 1.1 percent during Trump's first 15 months, after going up 4.0 percent during Obama's eight years. Those figures include managers and supervisors. The real average weekly earnings of rank-and-file production and nonsupervisory workers have gone up 1.4 percent so far under Trump, after rising 3.7 percent during Obama's years.
The claim: “I say it, and I say it all the time, we are so respected again. I can't even tell you — really, the degree to which people respect our country again. It's amazing. It's amazing.”
The facts: As we wrote, the Pew Global Attitudes Project last year found that citizens in 35 out of 37 countries have less confidence in Trump than they did in Obama — significantly so, in some cases. The decline in confidence in the U.S. president has been “especially pronounced among some of America's closest allies in Europe and Asia, as well as neighboring Mexico and Canada,” Pew found. A more recent Gallup World Poll survey, released in January, found similar results. “Median approval of U.S. leadership across 134 countries and areas stands at a new low of 30%,” Gallup found.
The claim: “So they go and they take this man, right? And he got here and he's got 22 people that came in — his mother, his father, his grandmother, his uncle, his brother, his sister. He got — 22 people come in for this one guy. That's called chain migration — 22 people.”
The facts: Trump is talking about Sayfullo Habibullaevic Saipov, an Uzbekistan-born immigrant charged with killing eight people in New York City on Oct. 31. But, as we have written, there is no evidence that Saipov brought 22 people with him to the United States. In fact, as a green card holder, Saipov could not have sponsored anyone other than a spouse and children, and he married and had children in the United States — so he could not have been responsible for bringing in the relatives cited by Trump.
The claim: “Think of it, a lottery. You pick people. Now, let me ask you. So these countries that are sending people in — do you think they are sending us their finest?”
The facts: Trump is again distorting the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program, which uses a computer lottery system to randomly issue up to 50,000 immigrant visas each year to qualified applicants from countries with low rates of immigration to the United States. Countries aren't “sending us” anybody. Individuals submit applications, and those eligible must meet certain requirements and pass a security background check. Stephen W. Yale-Loehr, who teaches immigration law at Cornell Law School, told us: “Among other things, the consular officer must make sure the individual is not ‘inadmissible.' This means that the person has not committed a crime, doesn't have a serious health problem, isn't a terrorist, hasn't committed fraud, and hasn't overstayed in the U.S. before.”
The claim: “We lose with Mexico over $100 billion a year with this crazy NAFTA deal.”
The facts: Census Bureau data show that the U.S. trade deficit in goods and services with Mexico was $69 billion in 2017, up from $63 billion in 2016 and $58 billion in 2015.
The claim: “We passed the largest tax cuts and reform in American history. Larger than Ronald Reagan, many years ago.”
The facts: The tax bill that Trump signed into law in December is not the largest tax cut in history. It is estimated to reduce tax revenues by $1.46 trillion over 10 years, according to the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation. It needed to cost roughly $6.8 trillion over 10 years to beat the 1981 tax cut under President Reagan, which was 2.9 percent of GDP, according to the nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.
The claim: “So, instead of spending $1 billion and not having it for 20 years, we spent four-hundred-thousand bucks and it opened up in a few months. Is that good? Is that a good story?”
The facts: In discussing moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, Trump conflates the alleged estimated cost ($1 billion) of building a new U.S. embassy in Jerusalem with the actual cost (less than $400,000) of renovating existing space for the interim embassy that opened in May. The interim embassy will be temporary; the State Department still intends to build a permanent facility.
President Trump rally in Nashville President Donald Trump speaks at a rally at Municipal Auditorium Tuesday May 29, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn. 01 / 89 President Donald Trump speaks at a rally at Municipal Auditorium Tuesday May 29, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn. 01 / 89
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
SXSW 2018 Recap: Hip Hop, Latin Folk and Mexican Barbecue
Enlarge this image toggle caption Robb Klassen/Courtesy of the artist Robb Klassen/Courtesy of the artist
The 2018 South by Southwest Music Festival in Austin, Texas has come to an end. But before the week-long fest finished, Alt.Latino host Felix Contreras and NPR Music hip-hop correspondent Rodney Carmichael met up at a barbecue joint in Austin to dish about their favorite performances from the week.
Tierra Whack
"This is, like, my new favorite hip-hop artist right now," Carmichael says. "She has this song called 'Mumbo Jumbo' ... that she laid down rough vocals for and she never went back and cleaned them up. It sounds so good, and her energy on stage was so incredible."
YouTube
La Cuneta Son Machin
"They do a combination of Nicaraguan folk music mixed with jazz, mixed with ska, mixed with a bit of rock," Contreras says. "They blew the roof of this place."
YouTube
Sudan Archives
"She's up on the stage; this tall, thin, regal-looking black woman with an afro that adds another five feet to her stature," Carmichael says. "It's just a mix of soul and funk and classical thrown in."
YouTube
Hear the full conversation at the audio link.
It is truly an honor to receive an invitation to attend or speak at an event in the 24th Legislative District. I try to attend as many events as possible and interact with a wide array of constituents representing various interests across our state. On Tuesday, I was pleased to attend the 70th Annual York-Hamilton County Cattlemen's Banquet at the Holthus Convention Center in York. It was great to see so many farmers and ranchers gathered to celebrate the important role that animal agriculture plays in preserving Nebraskan values of loving families, hard work, and strong communities. It was also a great opportunity to eat a delicious piece of prime-rib!
It is important to note that we learned this week that Nebraska grew in both the total number of cattle and the number of cattle on feed. Nebraska's cattle industry maintained its status as the top state for cattle feeding according to the United States Department of Agriculture.
Waco farmer Raymond Luebbe was recognized for his contributions with both animal agriculture and with the York-Hamilton County Cattlemen's Association, which dates back to the 1960s. Deryl Danielson from Aurora was also recognized at the banquet for his life's work. Both Luebbe and Danielson have no doubt witnessed a lot of changes in the agricultural industry over the last several decades. They can attest to the struggles that farmers and ranchers have overcome in Nebraska.
The Peterson Farm Bros provided the entertainment at the banquet. They are three brothers – Greg (27), Nathan (24) and Kendal (21) – who farm alongside their parents in central Kansas. In addition to motivational speaking, the Peterson brothers also use social media to promote and educate the general public about modern day farming practices and help correct common misconceptions about the industry. They were very entertaining and I would invite you to visit their website to learn more about them at: www.petersonfarmbrothers.com.
We were also reminded that the 2018 Cattlemen's Ball will be located at the Hergott Farm near Hebron on June 1st and 2nd. As one of the Midwest's premier fundraising events, ninety percent of the Cattlemen's Ball proceeds will benefit the Fred and Pamela Buffett Cancer Center in Omaha, with the remaining 10% donated back to local communities' health and wellness programs. This year's entertainment will be Tracy Lawrence on Friday, June 1st, and Trace Adkins on Saturday, June 2nd. For additional information, please visit their website: www.cattlemensball.com.
The Legislature's Revenue Committee held their second public hearing on a major tax reform proposals. LB947, introduced on behalf of Governor Pete Ricketts, would eliminate the state's current property tax credit program. It would replace the program with a refundable state income tax credit equal to 10 percent of property taxes paid beginning this year for Nebraska homeowners and agricultural landowners. The bill would also reduce the top individual income and corporate income tax rates. The Revenue Committee will consider several other proposals in the coming weeks. I look forward to reviewing these proposals and working with my colleagues to find solutions to our tax challenges.
As always, if we can be of assistance to you in any way, please do not hesitate to contact my office. My door is open and I have made it a goal to be accessible to the constituents of our district. Please stop by any time. My e-mail address is mkolterman@leg.ne.gov, and the office phone number is 402-471-2756. Todd and Katie are always available to assist you with your needs. If I am not immediately available, please do not hesitate to work with them to address any issues that you may need assistance. Please continue to follow me on Facebook at Kolterman for Legislature and on Twitter at @KoltermanforLegislature.
SHARE COPY LINK Fort Worth police are looking for a man they suspect stole a package from a home in northwest Fort Worth on April 10. The suspect was captured on video which police released to social media, asking the public for help. Stephen English
Fort Worth police are looking for a man they suspect stole a package from a home in northwest Fort Worth on April 10. The suspect was captured on video which police released to social media, asking the public for help. Stephen English
For Bengaluru-headquartered Unibic, 60-70% of total revenue comes from the south, led by Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka.
Bengaluru: Unibic Foods India Pvt. Ltd, maker of premium cookies, plans to focus on increasing its market share in northern India as it moves away from being a predominantly southern brand. While it will not lower prices of its cookies to do so, it may introduce family packs in its quest for a bigger share of the pie up north and a double-digit market share nationally.
The firm, backed by mid-market private equity investor Peepul Capital, also plans to launch a range of healthy products in the next three months targeted at customers who lead active lifestyles, according to a top executive.
For Bengaluru-headquartered Unibic, 60-70% of total revenue comes from the south, led by Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka. The north was always an under-developed market compared with other regions a decade ago, but it has expanded exponentially over a period of time, Unibic said.
But even now, while Delhi-NCR is a highly evolved market and therefore the target ground for premium brands like Unibic, other parts such as Haryana and Uttar Pradesh are still evolving, it added.
A majority of the biscuits sold in India are, indeed, in the mass or the value segment but market leaders ranging from Britannia Industries Ltd to Parle Products Pvt. Ltd are looking at premiumising their portfolio as consumers constantly seek to upgrade to more premium offerings. That, Unibic feels, is where it has an advantage.
“In the last decade that we've been in the market, we've been fairly successful in carving a niche for ourselves and we sit very happily as a premium brand above the Good Days of this world where we are selling at 30-50% premium from their normal offerings,” said Nikhil Sen, Unibic's managing director.
Sen's vision is for the company to be like Ferrero Rocher is to chocolates—a brand that's built at a 50% premium to the overall market. To this effect, he has identified health as another huge opportunity for growth since consumers in that segment are quite willing to pay a premium for products that deliver.
Unibic plans to launch a range of healthy products that are aimed at the maintenance side rather than the curative side—they will not claim to cure any conditions but they will fall under the better-for-you category such as millets and oats.
“There is a clear trend where urban customers are not too concerned about the price for biscuits—innovative flavours, variety and health aspects win instead, although the last one is a more top 20-30 cities phenomenon. For premium brands, differentiation and building a brand identity is key and connecting with the new age digital customer through different channels,” said Sreedhar Prasad, partner at KPMG in India.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
When Angie walks through our doors for her ninth procedure, even those of us whose paychecks were funded by abortion shook our heads and said "Really? Seriously?"...
Although it went against my own ideology, I wanted Angie to show some indication of remorse. I didn't want to feel that way about the numerous women who presented for abortions two, three, or even four times. But nine? That, I felt, deserved at least a slight show of regret or even a bit of good old-fashioned shame.
[S]he seemed to regard her visits to our clinic as an opportunity to perform her improv comedy act. "Could y'all just xerox my chart and I'll fill in the dates?" She would jest. Once the paperwork was in order, Angie would attempt to banter with the girls in the waiting room. "It's no big thing," she assured them. "I've done it 8 times before, and I have no regrets." Although I couldn't help but like Angie, her flippancy appalled me.
Over the years, I had consoled and held the hands of scores of women who approached that same table with much trepidation. Some would weep, their knuckles white as they gripped my hand until it ached. Others would clutch Bibles to their chests and mouth prayers begging for forgiveness, even before the abortionist had begun his work and when their babies were still safe in their wombs. Many times women would climb onto the table and remain limp and unresponsive during the procedure. Mentally, they were a million miles away. And then there was Angie... Angie never even attempted to explain herself. When we would talk to her about birth control and try to set her up with an appointment to explore the matter further, she would just smile and politely refuse with a wave of her hand.
I debated about how to arrange the pieces. Would it be best to throw them all together in a clump so that none of the parts would be recognizable, or should I piece it back together as we normally did to ensure that none of the parts were missing. There was no protocol on such things, so in the end I opted to piece the parts back together.
"Thanks," she said, her trademark smile still fixed on her face. When her eyes traveled to the container, she gasped sharply, and for the first time since she had arrived, Angie was utterly silent. A few moments later her entire body shuddered and gooseflesh was raised on her smooth brown arms.
When she reached out her to touch the baby, I tried to pull the dish away. She grabbed my wrist and stopped me. We were both silent for a few moments as she continued to stare at the contents of the dish. I stepped back and Angie fell forward to her knees, her fingers still wrapped around my wrist. The other girls in the recovery run began to take notice, and my discomfort level rose exponentially.
[Angie] remained frozen on the clinic floor. "That's a baby," she said, barely audible at first. "That was my baby," she said. Her volume steadily increased as a torrent of words poured from her mouth, words that made everyone extremely uncomfortable. "What did I do? What did I do?" she said over and over and began to sob. Some of the girls in the recovery run began to weep along with her. Some covered their faces with their arms or buried their heads in the arms of the recliners.
Fellow workers rushed to my side to calm Angie down. After a few minutes, it became obvious that she wasn't going to calm down. We couldn't even get her off the floor. After discussing it hastily, we decided to drag her to the bathroom. At least the heavy door would stifle her sobs to until we figured out what to do.
Angie flailed her arms and legs and her screams reached a fever pitch as we dragged her down the hall. We must have been quite a spectacle for the other girls in the recovery room. Finally we managed to place a still panicked Angie in the bathroom and closed the door. I suggested that she splash some cold water on her face and "pull herself together." Her cries, although muffled, were easily distinguished through the door.
Abby Johnson's book The Walls Are Talking: Former Abortion Clinic Workers Tell Their Stories collects firsthand accounts from former abortion facility workers. The stories vary in theme, each one an abortion worker's memory of an event that stuck with her after she left. One story, called "Frequent Flyers," is about a young woman who had nine abortions.The chapter's author, who is unnamed, explains how women who came in for repeat abortions at her facility were called "frequent flyers" by the staff. Even though abortion facility workers were committed to promoting and providing abortions, some of them had judgmental feelings toward these "frequent flyers." The abortion facility worker says:Angie showed no trace of guilt or any kind of distress when she came to the abortion facility. She had laughed through her first abortion, and every abortion since. It was not at all different when she came in for her ninth. The abortion facility worker described Angie's demeanor:She showed no guilt or remorse of any kind:Angie was using abortion for birth control, not bothering to learn any other method. She may have gone on to have nine more abortions - but something happened.Angie had no doubt heard pro-abortion rhetoric. She had certainly been told that abortion is only removing a ball of cells, a piece of tissue, or an undeveloped mass. But after her ninth abortion, she was curious and wanted to see the "tissue" for herself. She asked the abortion worker to show her the remains of the abortion, and the abortion worker complied. At 13 weeks, her baby was fully formed.Angie's reaction was not what the abortion worker anticipated:Realizing her mistake, the abortion worker tried repeatedly to take the dish containing the bloody body parts away. But Angie held tight to the remains of her child, and wouldn't let the abortion worker pry it from her hands. The abortion worker said:Finally, the abortion facility workers were able to tear away the dish. Angie became hysterical. Other abortion workers tried to calm her.Angie began begging the abortion workers to take her mutilated baby home with her. She did not want to part with her child, even though her child was dead. She pleaded with the workers to give in and let her have the baby. They refused. She continued to sob and wail in the bathroom, disrupting the entire facility.The abortion workers finally went to her paperwork and found her emergency contact - the number the facility was supposed to call in the event of a life-threatening complication. They dialed the number and got her current boyfriend. He arrived at the clinic. It took him 45 minutes to coax Angie out of the bathroom. They both left the abortion facility in tears.Angie never came to the facility again. The writer of the story does not know what happened to her. The road ahead of her, once she realized her responsibility for the deaths of nine of her children, would be agonizing to travel. We can only hope she found healing.From then on, the abortion facility had a strict rule never to show the aborted babies to women. Ultimately, another scene like Angie's would slow down abortion facility operations and affect the facility's profits. More women would learn about fetal development, and there would be a decrease in the number of abortions.Sometime later, the abortion facility worker who showed Angie her aborted baby left the abortion business. She does not give her reasons why, but the story of Angie and her emotional agony no doubt influenced her.How many women go into abortion facilities not knowing how developed their children are? How many repeat abortion patients have no idea their babies were pulled limb from limb and then thrown out with the trash or sold for parts? All of the abortion facility workers that day discovered that the truth is the ultimate enemy of abortion. They were reminded how vital it is to keep the facts away from vulnerable women if abortion is to be sold to them. It was the only way to continue making money off them.Source: Abby Johnson The Walls Are Talking: Former Abortion Clinic Workers Tell Their Stories (San Francisco, CA: Ignatius Press, 2016) 71-77
Adrian Beltre and Elvis Andrus can be free agents after this season following an off-season that didn't sit well with the players association. Max Faulkner mfaulkner@star-telegram.com
Danny Jordaan has been re-elected as South African Football Association (SAFA) President for a five-year term, despite controversies involving the election and an allegation of rape.
Jordaan received 234 of the 246 votes cast at the organisation's Congress, giving him a majority of 95.12 per cent.
The Congress was due to take place on March 24, but was eventually postponed after SAFA came under pressure to halt the proceedings.
A postponement had been heavily pursued by former referee Ace Ncobo.
Ncobo opted to return to challenge Jordaan at the recent election, having previously pulled out of contention.
According to Times Live, however, he walked out of the Congress at the Sandton Convention Centre after alleging he had been threatened after raising objections to the election continuing.
His absence left Jordaan standing unopposed for the role, ensuring he retained the position he had held since 2013.
Jordaan, head of the Organising Committee that delivered the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, has rejected claims the Congress was illegal.
In a statement, SAFA claim both the Electoral Committee and FIFA representatives who attended the Congress stated it was "free, fair and very transparent".
SAFA also published a letter from Confederation of African Football (CAF) President Ahmad which congratulated Jordaan for being re-elected.
"On behalf of the African Confederation of Football, I would like to offer you our warmest congratulation for your re-election as President of the South African Football Association on the 26th of May 2018 in the occasion of the SAFA Elective Congress," Ahmad wrote.
"CAF is confident that your experience, know-how and leadership will benefit football in South Africa and allow its continuous development.
"We wish you a very successful tenure in your position and rest assured that you can count on the support of the Confederation to develop football within your region."
SAFA published a letter from CAF President Ahmad which congratulated Danny Jordaan on his re-election ©SAFA
Jordaan had briefly been temporarily replaced as SAFA President by vice-president Xolile Nkompela, who had served as acting President since the start of April.
The election came despite the ongoing allegation of rape made against Jordaan.
He has been accused by Jennifer Ferguson, a singer and former African National Congress representative.
Jordaan has denied any wrongdoing and has been staunchly defended by SAFA.
Jordaan is a former Mayor of Port Elizabeth, with the alleged crime taking place there 24 years ago.
The SAFA have even gone as far as accusing Ferguson of changing her version of events.
Having been re-elected, Jordaan has pledged to bid for the FIFA Women's World Cup and the FIFA Club World Cup.
NEW YORK (AP) — John Berger, the British art critic, Marxist intellectual and prodigious author whose pioneering 1972 book and the BBC series it spawned, “Ways of Seeing,” ushered in a political perspective to art criticism, died Monday. He was 90.
Simon McBurney, the British actor and a friend of Berger's, told The Associated Press that Berger died at his home in the Paris suburb of Antony. Berger had been ill for about a year, McBurney said.
Berger was the author of art criticism, novels, poetry, screenplays and many less classifiable books. He consistently, provocatively challenged traditional interpretations of art and society and the connections between the two. He examined the role consumerism played in the rise of Picasso in 1965's “The Success and Failure of Picasso.” He claimed that cubism anticipated the Russian revolution in “The Moment of Cubism, and Other Essays.” When he won the prestigious Booker Prize in 1972 for his novel “G,” he spoke against the prize's roots in the Caribbean slave labor and pledged to give half his reward to the Black Panthers, a group he said more accurately reflected his own politics.
That same year the London-born, Oxford-educated Berger — with a wavy brown head of hair, a beige '70s shirt and a magnetic authority — captivated the British public with “Ways of Seeing,” a series of four 30-minute films. In it, he mined imagery for larger cultural discoveries. How women were depicted in art, for example, revealed much about a time period's attitude toward gender.
“It is seeing which establishes our place in the surrounding world,” Berger wrote in “Ways of Seeing,” which became a common curriculum of universities. “We explain that world with words, but words can never undo the fact that we are surrounded by it. The relation between what we see and what we know is never settled.”
Though Berger began as a painter and initially focused on art criticism, his studies expanded significantly into other realms. He examined the lives of migrant workers in the 2010's “A Seventh Man: Migrant Workers in Europe.” In the 1980's “About Looking,” he considered, among other subjects, how animals exist alongside human lives.
“To suppose that animals first entered the human imagination as meat or leather or horn is to project a 19th century attitude backwards across the millennia,” Berger wrote. “Animals first entered the imagination as messengers and promises.”
Berger's considerable output ran right up until last year, when he published a collection of essays, “Confabulations.” A documentary on Berger, produced by Tilda Swinton, was also released in 2016. In “The Seasons in Quincy: Four Portraits of John Berger,” Berger and Swinton, a longtime friend of his, converse in the French Alpine village he lived in for much of his life. Swinton calls him “a radical humanist.”
“If I'm a storyteller, it's because I listen,” Berger says in the film. “For me, a storyteller, he's like a passer, that's to say like somebody who gets contraband across a frontier.”
___
Katz reported from London.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
What's the best Star Wars film? As Solo: A Star Wars Story is released - vote here for your favourite
Is Empire Strikes Back really the best? Was The Last Jedi as bad as everyone said? Are the prequels at all redeemable? Have your say here...
© Keith Bendis
Regulatory Adviser Carl Icahn
Commerce Secretary nominee Wilbur Ross
Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin
Health Secretary nominee Tom Price
EPA administrator nominee Scott Pruitt
Labor secretary nominee Andrew Puzder
President-elect Donald Trump iswho are intent onfrom Washington. Carl Icahn, the billionaire investor, will oversee the Trump administration's. He will be joined by several other Wall Street investors and corporate executives who have first-hand experience dealing with government rules.Trump created a new position in the White House for the billionaire investor to serve as awhere he will seek to trim back rules that businesses consider unnecessary and burdensome."Under President Obama,Icahn said in a statement issued by the Trump transition team. "It's time to break free of excessive regulation and let our entrepreneurs do what they do best: create jobs and support communities."Icahn, 80, is the founder of Icahn Enterprises, and has become known over the years asTrump, who has done deals with Icahn in the past, called him "one of the world's great businessmen." "His help on the strangling regulations that our country is faced with will be invaluable," Trump said in a statement.Icahn, who holds a majority stake inand has also invested in several others, has been a particularlyIcahn has alreadyincluding Steve Mnuchin to the Treasury Department, Wilbur Ross to the Commerce Department, and Scott Pruitt to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), according to The Wall Street Journal. He is also expected to hold sway over Trump's choice for a new chairman for the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).Ross onceThe Wall Street banker built a career byIn the 1990s, Ross and Icahn helped finance the president-elect's Taj Mahal casino as bondholders. When the casino ran into trouble, the two men could have foreclosed, but instead negotiated with Trump to keep the business afloat. "We could have foreclosed [on the Trump Taj Mahal], and he would have been gone," Ross told The New York Post last month.Trump on Nov. 30 tapped Ross to lead to theon Nov. 30. In that role, he will have a major role in, including import and export regulations that companies must comply with. Both Trump and Ross have taken a, saying many of them have hurt American jobs.Mnuchin's portfolio stretches fromHe spent the better half of two decades as anr. At the height of the financial crisis in 2009, Mnuchin purchased a failed mortgage lender that he renamed OneWest Bank.During his time on Wall Street, Mnuchinon a business deal. Dune Capital Management, the hedge fund Mnuchin created after leaving Goldman Sachs,in Chicago and Honolulu. But Trump sued multiple lenders, including Mnuchin's company, over a disagreement with the Chicago deal. The case was eventually settled.The two men have since become close allies. Mnuchina critical role where he helped the businessman quickly construct a fundraising machine.Trump nominated Mnuchin, who is also a member of the president-elect's transition team, toon Nov. 30. In the role, Mnuchin will"We want toand that will be the number one priority on the regulatory side," Mnuchin told CNBC. Trump and his appointees cannot completely roll back Dodd-Frank without action from Congress, but they will haveMnuchin has been particularly critical of thewhich prevents large banks from engaging in speculative trading.Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.), a doctor, will play a key role in theRepublicans plan to pass anjumpstarting the process. As secretary of Health and Human Services, Price will have a chance tothat were issued under President Obama. With help from Congress, some of the rules could be eliminated entirely.As Oklahoma's attorney general, Scott Pruitt led the charge against theNow, Pruitt will be tasked withTrump tapped Pruitt to lead the EPA on Dec. 7, putting him in a position to dismantle many of the EPA's most controversial actions under Obama.Some of the regulations that could be on the chopping block include theBut changing any of those rules arewith environmentalists that could rage for years.Trump's Labor nominee is aAs the head of CKE Restaurants, he runs popular fast-food chains like Hardee's and Carl's Jr.Puzder is, and has also criticized the Labor Department's policies onunder Obama.to another 4 million workers. Currently, many employees who make more than $23,660 in a year are not eligible to be paid time and a half when they work more than 40 hours in a week. But theThe overtime rule is on hold due to aRepublicans say theand fewer opportunities to grow within the company, raising the likelihood that the Trump administration will decline to defend the rule in court, potentially killing it. "Andy will fight to make American workers safer and more prosperous by enforcing fair occupational safety standards and ensuring workers receive the benefits they deserve," Trump said in a statement, "and he will save small businesses from the crushing burdens of unnecessary regulations that are stunting job growth and suppressing wages."
What would Britain look like in 2030, if we Lib Dems had our way? That is the challenge set by Your Liberal Britain.
Before Christmas Sal Brinton reminded us in an email:
If we do this well, we'll not only inspire manifestos and campaigns for years to come, but we'll also inspire the people in this country who are looking for leadership through difficult times. Your ideas could help give them that leadership. The authors of the winning entries will be invited to join Your Liberal Britain's writing group, who'll work together to take a shared vision to Conference in 2017. If it passes a vote, your contribution could become the official party vision.
The deadline for entries is midnight on Wednesday (4th January), so this is a final reminder to send in your contributions. You can take part here.
We have already published quite a few of your essays on Lib Dem Voice, and we have room for a couple more this week if you'd like to send them to us on [email protected].
* Mary Reid is the Monday Editor on Lib Dem Voice.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bianca Gascoigne 's cagefighter ex CJ Meeks might have been devastated when she got with Jamie O'Hara in the Celebrity Big Brother House – but it looks like he's already found someone to kiss it better.
CJ was spotted kissing a stunning blonde on a party boat on the Thames in London last night.
The blonde in question is Shannen – an Irish glamour model – who Bianca's ex is now rumoured to be dating.
(Photo: MAGICMOMENTSUK)
(Photo: MAGICMOMENTSUK)
The couple laughed as they chatted closely over drinks.
They then leaned in for a passionate smooch and held hands over the table.
The pair then headed to Dstrkt nightclub to really get the Valentine's Day party going.
The Irish model showed off her stunning figure in a black body con mini dress.
(Photo: MAGICMOMENTSUK)
Despite the chill, she dressed to impress in denim over-the-knee peep-toe boots.
Meanwhile, CJ was dapper in a caramel jumper and ripped jeans.
Last week, CJ has warned that "what goes around comes" just hours after she was dumped by CBB 's Jamie O'Hara and had to find out she was newly single by reading online reports.
CJ Meeks , who was spotted moving out of his home with Bianca last week after she kissed and flirted with Jamie on the show, believes "karma" has come into play in her situation.
(Photo: MAGICMOMENTSUK)
(Photo: MAGICMOMENTSUK)
"It's come full circle. It's karma, isn't it," he told The Sun .
"If you treat someone badly then eventually someone's going to treat you badly and I think that's what happened in this case."
CJ and Bianca had been living together for five months before she went into the house, but the glamour model claimed during her exit interview that they weren't a proper couple.
The cagefighter disagreed, saying all he had done was tell the truth and he believes Bianca was just chasing fame.
(Photo: FameFlynet UK)
"I did not want any of this, she wanted to see if she could go and get famous and unfortunately she has got famous for all the wrong reasons," he added.
It came after Jamie, 30, told Rinse FM that while Bianca is a "wicked girl", he has too much in his life to make room for a relationship with her.
"I think at the moment we'll just stay friends, we're going to hang out," he admitted.
"I had a wicked time in house but I've got loads on in my personal life. I've got my kids, I've got lots of work coming up. We're just going to be friends."
But it was the first Bianca had heard that Jamie wanted to remain single - earlier this week he was calling her "wifey material" and saying she could be The One .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A father who raped a drunken student after being knocked back by women on a night out has been described as "the stuff of nightmates".
"Predatory" Antony Guy left the terrified woman "bloodied" and in pain following the horrific rape and sexual assault.
Guy was walking towards the subway in Cardiff city centre when he spotted the woman.
He changed direction and followed her, guiding the "vulnerable" woman towards an area that was more secluded.
Guy, 38, was jailed for 12 years at Cardiff Crown Court on Friday after being found guilty by a jury.
(Image: UGC MWL)
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
The court heard the woman had injuries to her knees and back but managed to walk home where she immediately told others about the attack, reports Wales Online .
During sentencing Judge Thomas Crowther QC told Guy that he poses a high risk to young women.
He said: “You, Mr Guy, are the stuff of nightmares. The nightmares of parents with their children.
"The nightmares of partners when their spouses go into town.
"The nightmares of women - as you are that stranger rapist.”
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
Following the case, Lucy Dowdall of the CPS said: “When Guy noticed the victim he made a deliberate choice to alter his route and follow a vulnerable lone female instead of continuing his journey.
“He caught up with her and guided her along a more secluded route. His actions were predatory in nature.
“The victim showed great strength in giving evidence. It is because of her courage the CPS were able to bring the defendant to justice.”
Guy was convicted of one count of rape and two counts of sexual assault.
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
During his trial Judge Crowther told Guy: “You left Cardiff city centre. You had spoken to women in bars but none of them were interested.
“It is clear from the CCTV that you glanced back and saw your victim. She had been drinking and it was apparent that she was walking home on instinct.
“You saw in her drunkenness your chance and ran to follow her. You were so keen to catch her (so) you put yourself at risk crossing the road.
“She remembers being on her back just metres from this court. You were beyond forceful, you were violent. She was left bloodied and sore.
“She had good friends who found her confused and inconsolable. You did not even know her name.”
In Bay St. Louis, community members are reacting to a piece of racist mail sent to a city councilman.
Cardiff: Pakistan Sarfraz Ahmed on Wednesday credited the support staff for keeping the team in good spirits after heavy loss against India, following which the side staged a sensational turnaround to reach the Champions Trophy final.
"Credit goes to the bowlers. We really bowled well. Mohammad Amir did not play but Rumman Raees came and bowled really well," said Sarfraz after Pakistan stunned England in the first semifinal here today.
What led to the turnaround after the India game?
"After India, every game was a knockout game, I said to the players to just play your game. The team management also kept motivating us," he said.
Asked about a possible re-match in the final on Sunday, Sarfraz said: "Both teams (India and Bangladesh) are playing well, so we will play whoever gets through."
He was all praise for pacer Hasan Ali, who took a three wicket haul for the third time in a row.
"He's very impressive, hopefully he will do that in the final;. Whenever he comes on he's getting wickets."
England captain Eoin Morgan said his team did not simply adapt to the conditions.
"We did not adapt to conditions. Pakistan outplayed us. It was a used pitch but you should be able to play on all kinds of surface at this level.
"Pakistan did that well and played better. We did prepare, Pakistan bowled well but we didn't adjust and 200 isn't competitive, 250-270 would be a good score."
Whether used pitch was a factor in the unexpected loss, Morgan said: "It's a test... There wasn't too much wrong. We bowled okay but 200 was well under par.
"We continue to learn, everything we did was calculated, but Pakistan had played on the wicket previously and that helped. You have to adapt in knockout cricket, so it's an important lesson."
CA Medford, OR Zone Forecast
CA Medford, OR Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
168 FPUS56 KMFR 041045
ZFPMFR
Zone Forecast Product for Southern Oregon and Northern California
National Weather Service Medford, OR
344 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
CAZ080-042300-
Western Siskiyou County-
Including the cities of Etna, Fort Jones, and Happy Camp
344 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s to mid 80s. Southwest winds
5 to 10 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower to mid 50s. South
winds 5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s to mid 80s. South winds
10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower to mid 50s.
Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Sunny in the morning then becoming partly cloudy. Highs
in the lower 70s to lower 80s. South winds around 5 mph
increasing to 10 to 15 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 40s to lower 50s.
.SATURDAY THROUGH SUNDAY...Clear. Highs in the mid 70s to mid
80s. Lows in the mid 40s to mid 50s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the
lower to mid 50s. Highs in the mid 70s to mid 80s.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s to lower 90s.
$$
CAZ081-042300-
Central Siskiyou County-
Including the cities of Yreka and Weed
344 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...WIND ADVISORY IN EFFECT FROM 11 AM THIS MORNING TO 11 PM PDT
THIS EVENING...
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s to lower 90s. Breezy. In
the shasta valley, east winds 5 to 10 mph shifting to the south
10 to 15 mph late this morning, then increasing to 20 to 30 mph
this afternoon. Elsewhere, southeast winds 5 to 10 mph increasing
to south 15 to 25 mph this afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower to mid 50s. Breezy. In
the shasta valley, south winds 20 to 30 mph. Elsewhere, south
winds 15 to 25 mph shifting to the southeast 10 to 15 mph well
after midnight.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s to lower 90s. Breezy.
In the shasta valley, south winds 15 to 25 mph. Elsewhere,
southeast winds 10 to 15 mph shifting to the south 15 to 25 mph
in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the lower to mid 50s. Breezy. In
the shasta valley, south winds 25 to 30 mph decreasing to 15 to
20 mph after midnight. Elsewhere, south winds 15 to 25 mph
shifting to the southwest 10 to 15 mph after midnight.
.FRIDAY...Sunny in the morning then becoming partly cloudy. Highs
in the mid 70s to mid 80s. South winds 20 to 25 mph in the shasta
valley and south 10 to 20 mph Elsewhere.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening then clearing. Lows
around 50.
.SATURDAY THROUGH SUNDAY...Clear. Highs in the lower 80s to lower
90s. Lows in the lower to mid 50s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower to mid 50s.
.MONDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Highs in the lower 80s to lower
90s. Lows in the lower to mid 50s.
$$
CAZ082-042300-
South Central Siskiyou County-
Including the cities of Mount Shasta, Dunsmuir, and Mccloud
344 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 70s to lower 80s. South winds
10 to 15 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 40s to lower 50s.
South winds 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 70s to lower 80s. South
winds 10 to 15 mph. Gusts up to 30 mph early in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the lower 40s to lower 50s.
South winds 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs in the lower 70s to lower 80s.
South winds 10 to 15 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening then clearing. Lows
in the lower 40s to lower 50s.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Highs in the lower 80s to
lower 90s. Lows in the mid 40s to mid 50s.
$$
CAZ083-042300-
North Central and Southeast Siskiyou County-
Including the city of Tennant
344 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 70s to lower 80s. Southwest
winds 10 to 20 mph with gusts to around 35 mph.
.TONIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 40s to lower 50s. South
winds 10 to 20 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 70s to lower 80s. South
winds 10 to 20 mph. Gusts up to 35 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 40s to lower 50s. South
winds 10 to 20 mph. Gusts up to 35 mph in the evening.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs in the lower 70s to lower 80s.
South winds 10 to 20 mph with gusts to around 35 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening then clearing. Lows
in the mid 40s to lower 50s.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Highs in the lower 80s to
lower 90s. Lows in the mid 40s to mid 50s.
$$
CAZ084-042300-
Northeast Siskiyou and Northwest Modoc Counties-
Including the cities of Tulelake and Dorris
344 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs around 80. South winds 10 to 20 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 40s to lower 50s. South winds
15 to 20 mph decreasing to around 5 mph after midnight.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower to mid 80s. Southeast winds
around 5 mph increasing to south 15 to 20 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 40s to lower 50s. South
winds around 15 mph with gusts to around 30 mph decreasing to
5 to 10 mph after midnight.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Highs around 80. Southeast winds around 5 mph increasing
to south 15 to 20 mph with gusts to around 35 mph in the
afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening then clearing. Lows
in the mid 40s.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Highs in the lower 80s to
lower 90s. Lows in the mid 40s to lower 50s.
$$
CAZ085-042300-
Modoc County-
Including the cities of Alturas, Canby, and Likely
344 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s to mid 80s. South winds
10 to 15 mph with gusts to around 30 mph.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 40s to lower 50s. Southwest
winds 15 to 20 mph becoming south 5 to 10 mph after midnight.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s to mid 80s. Breezy.
Southeast winds 5 to 10 mph increasing to southwest 15 to 25 mph
in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the lower to mid 50s. Breezy.
Southwest winds 20 to 25 mph with gusts to around 40 mph becoming
south 5 to 10 mph after midnight.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Highs in the mid 70s to lower 80s. South winds 5 to
10 mph increasing to 15 to 20 mph with gusts to around 35 mph in
the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy in the evening then clearing. Lows
in the mid 40s to lower 50s.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Highs in the lower 80s to
lower 90s. Lows in the mid 40s to mid 50s.
$$
Visit us at www.weather.gov/Medford
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Newsroom To 'Chicago Tribune': With 85 Percent Backing, We Have Votes For Union
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scott Olson/Getty Images Scott Olson/Getty Images
Updated at 1:12 p.m. ET
Organizers of a newsroom union at the Chicago Tribune have informed its publisher that colleagues have already given such overwhelming formal support for their effort that the paper's parent company should recognize the guild voluntarily and start to negotiate a contract.
The organizers gave the Tribune's parent company, Tronc, a day to make a decision.
According to a letter from the Chicago Tribune Guild organizing committee obtained by NPR, the nascent union has received signed union authorization cards from more than 85 percent of staffers who would fall under the bargaining unit.
"Voluntary recognition would allow us to begin contract negotiations, saving the company the cost and inconvenience of a campaign and an election that will result overwhelmingly in our favor," read the letter, sent Tuesday morning to Bruce Dold, the Tribune's editor and publisher. This story will be updated with any reaction from the Tribune and Tronc.
It is quite a turnaround in fortunes for unions at Tronc, which comes from a strong anti-union background. Historically, the Tribune and its corporate owners took a strong stance against unions at the paper and in society more broadly.
More recently, Tronc fought fiercely for months against unionizing efforts at the Tribune's larger sister paper, the Los Angeles Times, yet lost badly in a lopsided vote held in January. Tronc, then controlled by Chicago investor Michael Ferro, announced it would sell the Times and The San Diego Union-Tribune less than three weeks later. That sale, to Southern California billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong, is expected to go through in coming weeks.
Ferro is now gone from the company. He sold his controlling minority stake to McCormick Media — controlled primarily by Sargent M. McCormick-Collier, a relative of the legendary late Col. Robert McCormick who ran the Tribune and built it into a multi-platform staff.
"If the company does not recognize the Chicago Tribune Guild, we will file the signature cards tomorrow with the National Labor Relations Board, and an election will be scheduled," the organizing committee wrote in a separate note to staffers.
A Chicago Tribune spokeswoman said the paper was reviewing the guild's request. "We believe we can best build on the Chicago Tribune heritage and trust with readers by working together as an organization," she said in a emailed statement. "We will continue to work toward our common goal of ensuring that the Chicago Tribune is a leading source for news and information, whatever the outcome."
The Tribune's parent company, Tronc, and its corporate predecessor, Tribune, have suffered severe financial setbacks, some of them self-inflicted. That has in turn led to waves of layoffs, buyouts and cutbacks. The Chicago Tribune newsroom is perhaps a third as large as it was at its height.
In the years since it was rechristened Tronc, the company has been beset by additional controversy and internal crises, starting with a frenetic branding effort around digital innovation. In Los Angeles, the Times's new publisher, Ross Levinsohn, was sidelined by questions raised over past workplace misconduct (he took a leave and became Tronc's chief executive over its digital activities). The LA Times' new editor-in-chief, Lewis D'Vorkin, sparked a newsroom mutiny over his conversations with Disney over coverage and with his accusations that his journalists have been disloyal. He was shifted over to the digital unit in February and left the company earlier this month.
The company created an uproar with plans to create a large separate digital newsroom that would have generated a vast new output of online content outside the company's newspapers, including the Chicago Tribune, the LA Times, the Baltimore Sun, South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Hartford Courant, and other big metro dailies.
A senior Chicago Tribune editor, Metro Editor Mark Jacob, announced on April 5 he was leaving the company and tweeted: "... owners and managers of media companies must embrace a mission of journalism as public service, invest in their people and show bravery and independence. Our democracy depends on it."
Some digital newsrooms and smaller newspapers have been seeking union representation as well. Union efforts recently have popped up at some surprising newsrooms — including the digital outlet Mic, the satiric publication The Onion, the Casper (Wyoming) Star-Tribune, and the Missoula, Mont., Independent.
If the union is recognized by Tronc voluntarily, or wins it in a vote overseen by federal labor regulators, the guild would represent about 280 nonmanagement employees at the Tribune, its sister Spanish-language daily, Hoy, the entertainment-oriented tabloid RedEye and four suburban publications.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Slaven Bilic made one young West Ham fan's dreams come true on Tuesday.
Hammers supporter Matt Hill took his son Alf to the club's training ground in Rush Green to try and meet his heroes.
Having spotted the rest of the West Ham squad, Alf was waiting for the in-form Andy Carroll to finish his fitness work inside.
Unfortunately, the ex-Liverpool striker was taking his time and it appeared the youngster would miss out until boss Bilic came out to the car park.
Instead of heading home, Bilic took the young Hammer back into the training ground to meet the striker.
(Photo: @matthill_33/Twitter)
Matt Hill posted his version of events on social media, praising Bilic to the club, captain Mark Noble and owner David Gold.
He added: "What an absolute star Slav, you made his life!
"I hope he gets to see this post as I couldnt' say thank you enough to him at the time."
(Photo: @matthill_33/Twitter)
West Ham are currently 10th in the Premier League following Saturday's 2-2 draw with West Brom.
Bilic has been charged with improper conduct following his reaction to the Baggies' dramatic equaliser.
The Croat slammed a microphone into the ground in frustration at a number of decisions that went against his side.
Ireland's First Openly Gay Prime Minister Formally Takes Office
Enlarge this image toggle caption Peter Morrison/AP Peter Morrison/AP
When Leo Varadkar assumed power in Ireland on Wednesday, he blazed a trail of firsts: At 38 years old, the biracial son of an Indian immigrant father and Irish mother became the country's youngest-ever taoiseach, or prime minister.
He also became the first openly gay man elected to lead the Republic of Ireland, where homosexuality was illegal until just 24 years ago.
Now, as newly elected leader of the ruling Fine Gael party, Varadkar has delivered his first speech to Parliament and received his seal of office from the country's president, Michael D. Higgins.
"The government that I lead will not one of left or right, because those old divisions don't comprehend the political challenges of today," Varadkar told lawmakers Wednesday.
"So the government that I lead will be one of the new European center as we seek to build a republic of opportunity," he continued, "and that is a republic in which every citizen has a fair go and has the opportunity to succeed and in which every part of the country has the chance to share in our prosperity."
Despite Varadkar's firsts, Irish media and voters are "not obsessed about his sexuality or his racial origins," The Guardian's Henry McDonald tells NPR's Ari Shapiro. Rather, it's the center-right politician's policies that have been the subject of significant debate.
"Some people label him a Thatcherite," McDonald says. "They think he's a kind of son of Margaret Thatcher, the British prime minister — right of center, very pro-free market, you know, in the style of Thatcher and Ronald Reagan."
These rightward-leaning economic stances stand in contrast with his generally liberal positions on abortion rights and other social issues — and they drew criticism from Varadkar's rival for his party's leadership, Simon Coveney. Varadkar, who defeated Coveney earlier this month, appointed him the party's deputy on Tuesday.
Varadkar cemented his win Wednesday, with a confirmation parliamentary vote of 57 to 50, with 47 abstentions.
His predecessor, Enda Kenny, lauded the man he'd nominated as his replacement.
"As the country's youngest holder of this office, he speaks for a new generation of Irish women and Irish men," he said earlier this month, according to the BBC. "He represents a modern, diverse and inclusive Ireland and speaks for them like no other, an Ireland in which each person can fulfill their potential and live their dreams."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These amazing photographs capture the kaleidoscopic burst when multicoloured inks are dropped into a fish tank full of water.
The vibrant images were taken by artist Brian Tomlinson as part of his series "Liquid Ink Art", which highlights the imagery created by mixing different fluids.
Some colours appear as though they ash clouds from an erupting volcano or from fireworks lighting up the night sky.
Brian, 40, based in Milton Keynes, created the pictures by dropping different coloured inks into a fish tank full of water before capturing high-speed shots with a flash.
(Photo: Caters)
(Photo: Caters)
(Photo: Caters)
(Photo: Caters)
The photographer said that he plans to continue the series and will later incorporate videos and animations to further perplex viewers.
Brian said: "It can get a bit messy!
(Photo: Caters)
(Photo: Caters)
(Photo: Caters)
(Photo: Caters)
"Each person sees something unique in them, depending on their imagination - and probably mood.
"The images are fairly abstract.
"People pointing out things they see in them is a popular topic on my Facebook page ."
Updated December 11, 2017 2:25 PM
ALBANY -- It's solar power versus open-space preservation in a bill that Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo must sign or veto in a matter of days.
At issue is a measure, approved by the state Legislature in June, that would expand core pine barrens designation to more than 1,000 acres in Shoreham and Mastic. While it would shield those lands from development, the bill likely would scuttle an energy company's proposal to use some of those acres to install thousands of solar panels near the shuttered Shoreham nuclear power plant to help supply the state's power grid.
Cuomo, a Democrat, must act on the measure by Monday, Dec. 18.
Some environmental groups support the bill, along with state legislators. Assemb. Steve Englebright (D-Setauket), one of the bill's sponsors, said it would protect “pristine coastal forest” in Shoreham.
Middle Island Solar Farm has proposed a 100- acre project in Mastic. The company recently temporarily withdrew its proposal from the Brookhaven Town Planning Board but said it will be resubmitted soon with documentation of sufficient power purchasing agreements with PSEG Long Island.
Solar developers and a builders group has opposed the pine barrens expansion bill, as have some environmentalists who say a solar farm is better than a warehouse or other light industrial use for which the land is zoned.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Southampton have parted company with manager Claude Puel.
The Frenchman's departure comes after Saints finished in eighth place in the Premier League last season and means he was in charge for less than a year.
The club reached the EFL Cup final, but it was his his negative tactics disillusioned the St Mary's faithful, with the players booed off after the final day defeat to Stoke.
The 55-year-old replaced Ronald Koeman in the south coast hot seat, but was unable to match the Dutchman's sixth-place finish from 2015-16, suffering 16 league defeats.
(Photo: PA)
Puel previously spent four years in charge at Nice, before landing the Saints job in June 2016.
The club confirmed the news in a statement on their website which reads:
"Southampton Football Club can today confirm that it has terminated the contract of Claude Puel with immediate effect.
"Everyone at Southampton would like to express our thanks to Claude for his hard work and commitment this year. The highlight of the season was a memorable day at Wembley in the EFL Cup Final, a day our fans will always treasure.
(Photo: REUTERS)
"We wish Claude well for the future.
"The search for a new management team is underway. We are confident that we will find the right fit in line with the long term vision of the club."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dinosaur eggs took up to six months to hatch, scientists have discovered.
The lengthy incubation – compared to 1-85 days for birds – may have had a part in their extinction, exposing eggs and attending parents to predators and starvation.
Scientists counted growth lines – like tree rings – on fossilised dinosaur embryos' teeth to work out their age.
Dr Darla Zelenitsky, of the University of Calgary, said: “Time within the egg is a crucial part of development with major ramifications.”
The research, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, shows that contrary to previous assumptions, dinosaur incubation is more similar to that of typical reptiles than of birds.
(Photo: Wikipedia Creative Commons)
(Photo: Wikipedia Creative Commons)
The work suggests that prolonged incubation may have affected dinosaurs' ability to compete with more rapidly generating populations of birds, reptiles, and mammals following the mass extinction event that occurred 65 million years ago.
The researchers tested the theory by looking at the fossilised teeth of two extremely well-preserved ornithischian dinosaur embryos on each end of the size spectrum: Protoceratops, a pig-sized dinosaur found in the Mongolian Gobi Desert, whose eggs were quite small at a little less than half a pound and Hypacrosaurus, a very large duck-billed dinosaur found in Alberta, Canada, with eggs weighing nearly 9lbs.
(Photo: Wikipedia Creative Commons)
Then they used an advanced microscope to look for and analyse the pattern of growth lines that are present in the teeth of all animals, humans included.
Using this method, the scientists determined that the Protoceratops embryos were about three months old when they died and the Hypacrosaurus embryos were about six months old.
(Photo: Wikipedia Creative Commons)
(Photo: Wikipedia Creative Commons)
The findings imply that birds likely evolved more rapid incubation rates after they branched off from the rest of the dinosaurs.
The researchers noted that the results might be quite different if they were able to analyze a more “bird-like” dinosaur, such as Velociraptor.
But very few fossilised dinosaur embryos have been discovered.
Co-author Doctor Darla Zelenitsky, from the University of Calgary, said: “A lot is known about growth in dinosaurs in their juvenile to adult years.
“Time within the egg is a crucial part of development with major biological ramifications, but is poorly understood because dinosaur embryos are rare.”
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Panthers coach Ron Rivera says Cam Newton's apology for a sexist remark to a female reporter was "something that was needed to be said."
"I think it was well said and well put," Rivera said Friday. "I think it was well said and well put. I just it something we can move forward .. and start again. It's a tough set of circumstances and hopefully this can settle things so we can go forward."
Newton made his remarks during a news conference Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running. The quarterback laughed and said, "It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny."
Newton issued a nearly two-minute apology on Twitter Thursday night, saying, "What I did was extremely unacceptable" and that he has "really learned a valuable lesson from this."
He hasn't directly apologized to Rodrigue.
The NFL had issued a statement Wednesday night calling Newton's comments at the news conference "just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalist who cover the league."
Newton issued his apology more than 24 hours after making his remarks, during which time he lost an endorsement deal when Dannon severed ties with him.
"After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women," the Panthers quarterback said. "To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offence to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you."
In the video, Newton said he's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use his platform to inspire others.
He also said he takes ownership to everything that comes with that.
Photo By Petty Officer 1st Class Torrey Lee | Chief Master-at-Arms Jason Wage and Master-at-Arms 2nd Class Emilio Donatlan, both...... read more Photo By Petty Officer 1st Class Torrey Lee | Chief Master-at-Arms Jason Wage and Master-at-Arms 2nd Class Emilio Donatlan, both assigned to Coastal Riverine Group 1, report an incoming vessel to the U.S. Coast Guard's Port Security Unit 312 during a small-boat training scenario off the coast of Pohang, Republic of Korea, during Operation Pacific Reach Exercise 2017 (OPRex17) April 10, 2017. OPRex17 is a bilateral training event designed to ensure readiness and sustain the ROK-U.S. alliance by exercising an area distribution center, an air terminal supply point, combined joint logistics over-the-shore, the use of rail, inland waterways, and the coastal lift operations to validate the operational reach concept. (U.S. Navy Combat Camera photo by Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class Torrey Lee) see less | View Image Page
Commander, Task Group 75.15 (CTG 75.15) coordinated with U.S. and Republic of Korea (ROK) forces to complete a five-day combined-joint exercise in Pohang, ROK, during Combined Joint Logistics Over-the-Shore 2017 (CJLOTS 17) April 10-14, 2017.
CJLOTS is part of Operation Pacific Reach Exercise 2017 (OPRex17), a bilateral exercise focusing on training ROK and U.S. forces in the employment and operation of various logistics processes.
CTG 75.15, comprised of U.S. Coast Guard and Task Force 75 riverine forces, provided onshore and offshore security for the exercise.
“We logged 2,000 hours of boat operations and vetted more than 2,000 vehicles going into our piers in Pohang and Dogu Beach,” said Capt. Edwin Tyler, commander of CTG 75.15.
The CTG was given a mission to assemble an adaptive force package (AFP). An AFP is a task organized element with the ability to command and control other various units, create a communication network to higher officials, and implement future plans of action.
“CJLOTS is a logistics operation, [with one portion being] to bring fuel -- in this case we are simulating fuel with water -- from offshore into a set of 50-thousand gallon bags on the beach,” said Tyler. “In a real scenario, we would then push that fuel inland to our Army and Marine units. Though during this operation we [CTG 75.15] are focused on security for that pipeline.”
U.S. Coast Guard Port Security Unit 312 took the lead as the interdiction unit. Using a series of 32-foot transportable port security boats, the Coast Guard, in conjunction with ROK forces, was able to investigate and process boats near the pier creating a secure sea-traffic path for the military units.
CTG 75.15 also provided security for Army and Marine units located on Dogu Beach, ROK. The U.S. Army and Marines were tasked with setting up a harbor control to receive the equipment being offloaded from nearby ships. Utilizing transportable piers, U.S. and ROK forces were able to offload trucks, heavy equipment, and patrol boats within 72 hours.
Navy Cargo Handling Battalion 1 (NCHB 1) also supported the exercise by offloading equipment from maritime preposition ships USNS Pililaau (T-AKR 304) and USNS 2nd Lt. John P. Bobo (T-AK 3008)
“We always deal with joint environments. We work with the Army and Marines a lot, so this is normal for us,” said Chief Boatswain's Mate Gerald Benton, assigned to NCHB 1, “These missions are vital because we set up the necessary facilities and equipment that our team needs on the beach in a timely manner.”
The exercise concluded on Friday, April 14, as NCHB-1 returned the equipment to USNS Pililaau and USNS 2nd Lt. John P. Bobo.
“It was a really good exercise from an integrated perspective,” said Tyler. “The Navy and Coast Guard worked well together and were able to integrate with our ROK counterparts. We have many improvements we can gain from this, but in the end our teams responded great.”
OPRex17 is a bilateral training event designed to ensure readiness and sustain the ROK-U.S. alliance by exercising an area distribution center, an air terminal supply point, combined joint logistics over-the-shore, the use of rail, inland waterways, and the coastal lift operations to validate the operational reach concept.
(From left) A file photo of Chinese President Xi Jinping, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
New Delhi: India will hold discussions with China and Russia, besides others, to widen the ambit of dialogue and put to rest the doubts on the potential for a Quad of democracies in the Indo-Pacific, challenging Beijing's and Moscow's dominance in the region.
The discussions with China, under the maritime dialogue framework—the second such meet after 2016 —will look to address Beijing's concerns over the informal strategic dialogue between India, Australia, Japan and the US on the Indo-Pacific, said one person familiar with the development, adding that the talks with Russia will also be along similar lines.
India was also planning to hold talks with South-East Asian and East African nations, given that it considers the vast swathes of land and ocean between East Africa and the West Coast of the US, as part of the Indo-Pacific region.
New Delhi has already set in motion a process to improve ties with both Russia and China. Between April and May, Prime Minister Narendra Modi held informal summits with both Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin. Ties with both countries were frayed given India's warming ties with the US. The 73-day tense military stand-off between Indian and Chinese troops at the Doklam plateau in Bhutan was a low point in bilateral relations between Beijing and New Delhi.
“We will have maritime dialogues with China and Russia in the coming months. Our effort is to work out in some more detail and to see how we can get coherence in the Indo-Pacific community about Indo-Pacific as a concept,” the person cited above said, requesting anonymity.
Addressing the defence and security forum in Singapore on 1 June, Modi had said that “India does not see the Indo-Pacific region as a strategy or as a club of limited members”. According to the person cited above, India had never been publically critical of Chinese posturing in the Indo-Pacific region, despite reports of China building and militarising islands in the South China Sea.
“What we have essentially said is that we would like a rules-based order in the Indo-Pacific because it is important for navigation, and for connectivity.” The person said that India will be looking for a “positive discussion” with China.
At a second meeting of the “Quad” countries in Singapore last month, “there was a general agreement that we should work with all countries and try and explain that the concept of the Indo-Pacific is not directed against any country. In that regard some special effort has to be made towards the doubters,” the person cited above said.
Those with questions on the concept of the Indo-Pacific, included Southeast Asian countries and several East African nations, the person said noting that there was already an Indian Ocean Rim Association, which includes 21 countries along the Indian Ocean. “There is an Indian Ocean Rim Association exclusive to the Indian Ocean. We have to tie that into the Indo-Pacific concept,” he said, adding that India would have dialogues with all countries over the next six to eight months.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother 2017 is off to a roaring start, with a brand-new batch of housemates eager to fill the airwaves with drama, betrayal and firm chin-rubbing (thanks Shaun Williamson for that).
But with each of the stars convinced that their personal brand of humour, hugs and outspokenness will win over the British public, which of the housemates can rule the roost and make it through to the CBB final?
Sandi Bogle of Gogglebox was an early contender for eventual winner, having entered the house to cheers and a wave of love for her sassy sayings and no-nonsense self.
On the other end of the scale, Mob Wives star Marissa Jade didn't get a particularly good reception when she turned up, receiving boos and jeers from the excitable crowd and became the first to be evicted.
Fancy a flutter on which of the housemates will be first out? Want to see if you can predict the CBB summer 2017 winner? See below for the latest real-time CBB betting odds from Sky Bet.
And here's everything else you need to know about this series of Celebrity Big Brother.
How long is CBB on for?
(Image: WENN.com)
CBB summer 2017 kicked off on Tuesday 1 August and is due to come to an end in the first week of September.
While the winter series in January tend to be almost exactly a month long, the summer version of Celebrity Big Brother has often been a little shorter.
So fans could see one of the 15 celebrities crowned the winner by the end of August.
Watch Celebrity Big Brother live
(Image: PA)
Channel 5 will broadcast CBB every night of the week at around 9pm, except Saturdays. However, if you can't get to a TV screen, it's also available online on the Channel 5 live stream .
The provisional date for the CBB final is Friday 1 September - although Channel 5 hasn't officially confirmed it yet.
When does Celebrity Big Brother 2017 finish? All the latest news on CBB final date, time and cast of the new series
(Image: Copyright unknown)
Channel 5 bosses deliberately keep details of the housemates' paycheques secret, although some of their salaries have leaked out in the past.
The highest-paid CBB star of all time is thought to be Ray J, who was offered an impressive $1million (810,000) in January 2017 to spill the beans about his relationship (and that sex tape) with Kim Kardashian.
Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt - aka Speidi - were also thought to have been tempted across the pond by a tidy $700,000 payout in 2017.
(Image: Copyright unknown)
And the late David Gest reportedly got $740,000 to sign up.
On the other end of the scale, series 18 winner Stephen Bear was rumoured to have trousered just £12,000 for his time in the house, despite easily being one of the most controversial housemate of all times.
Who won Celebrity Big Brother 2016?
(Image: Channel 5)
The winner of CBB in summer 2016 was Stephen Bear, who went on to present Just Tattoo Of Us with his girlfriend Charlotte Crosby - herself the CBB winner from series 12.
Six months before that, Geordie Shore star Scotty T was crowned the CBB winner in February 2016.
And Coleen Nolan took the top spot when she won CBB 2017's winter version earlier this year.
Celebrity Big Brother betting odds
Odds last updated at 8:26am Monday 14 August
Bet now with Skybet
Celebrity Big Brother Summer 2017 - Outright Winner Each Way: 1/4 for first 3 places
Your stake is doubled for an each-way bet with half going on the selection to win and half on it to place. Read the full explanation here
Bet now with Skybet
Collinson FX Market Commentary - June 15 - ANZAC dollars jump
Day 1 - 2017 Starling Nationals - Wakatere Boating Club Wakatere Boating Club wakatere.org.nz Day 1 - 2017 Starling Nationals - Wakatere Boating Club Wakatere Boating Club wakatere.org.nz
by Collinson FX today at 12:24 amThe FOMC was overshadowed by the shooting in the US, an attack on Republican congressman, which shocked Washington.The Fed raised rates, as expected, further expanding the plans to wind-down the balance sheet. The economic assessment was up beat but observed the inflation rate was under target levels.The Dollar did not react to the rise, with the AUD jumping to 0.7570, while the NZD pushed up to 0.7240. German CPI was flat, while EU Industrial Production contracted , damaging any gains against the Dollar.The EUR barely held 1.1200, while the GBP consolidated the rebound, trading 1.2740. US Retail Sales contracted, as did inflation, which may have contributed the lacklustre performance of the Dollar despite interest rate rises.Local markets await the release of important GDP in NZ which will drive the KIWI in local trade.US equity markets rebounded strongly, as the FOMC began its two day meeting, expected to result in a rate rise. The question will be the associated plan to reduce the size of the over-inflated balance sheet.There will also be a commentary on the American economy and the strategic plan to combat rising inflation and improving economic conditions. The important German ZEW Economic Sentiment report came in stronger than expected, as did the associated EU ZEW, reflecting recent improved economic conditions.The EUR was steady around 1.1200, while the GBP rebounded to 1.2750, with stronger inflation and housing data. Political conditions remain tense, although a Conservative government will be formed, but the leadership may be fluid!?The AUD traded 0.7530, while the NZD regained 0.7200, ahead of local trade numbers set to be released.
Cpl. Timothy Dykes, a field radio operator with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, holds a tray of pasta at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:23 Photo ID: 3083014 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-382 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 12.09 MB Location: CATANIA, IT Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Saturday Night Takeaway has been cancelled this week - but the show could be back for the remaining two episodes.
Ant McPartlin sensationally confirmed he's heading back to rehab following his drink drive arrest.
With Ant gone, ITV bosses are 'reviewing options' for ways to deal with his absence, which will include replacing him with another host.
According to Betfair, Scarlett Moffatt is the favourite to take over presenting duties on March 31 and April 17.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The Saturday Night Takeaway regular, who is in her second year of co-hosting the series, is the clear favourite at 1/5.
She is followed by Stephen Mulhern, who also present a segment on each episode, at 6/1.
The former magician is a big hit with the fans and many took to Twitter to recommend him for the role.
One viewer said: "Let Steven mulhern take ants place. He's great and would go well with Dec
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
Next is Holly Willoughby at 8/1, with one fans suggesting: "Phil and holly's saturday night takeaway has a nice ring to it."
Holly was tipped to replace Ant on I'm A Celebrity last year, with her possible inclusion even joked about on the first episode.
Dec claimed he was presenting with the "beautiful Holly Willoughby" before awkwardly turning to face Ant.
(Image: Sky UK Limited)
(Image: Â©Sky UK Limited)
Cat Deeley is another popular option for a replacement and could reunite with Dec for a SMTV Live reunion.
One of the original presenters of SMTV Live, Cat is fourth favourite at 10/1 to replace former co-host Ant.
Viewers want Cat, who appeared in last year's series finale of Saturday Night Takeaway in Florida, to replace rehab-bound Ant.
Love Island host Caroline Flack is also in the running at 14/1.
While a surprise inclusion to the odds list is Mark Wright, who is priced at 20/1.
Bringing the list to a conclusion is 25/1 Celebrity Juice presenter Keith Lemon.
(Image: ITV)
It was confirmed today that Saturday Night Takeaway was cancelled as Ant was heading back to rehab.
“Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments," a statement on Ant and Dec's Twitter page read.
"He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future. As such ‘Saturday Night Takeaway' will not be going ahead this Saturday.”
ITV released its own statement, confirming this week's show will not go ahead, and that Dec may front the popular series alone for the remaining two weeks.
“ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend," a spokesperson said.
“We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series (March 31 and April 7) which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment. We very much hope that he gets the help that he needs.”
Dallas Stars Night at the Rangers ballpark. Stars team captain and left wing Jamie Benn, goalie Ben Bishop, and defenseman Stephen Johns take batting practice before the game and are scheduled to throw out first pitches in the pre-game ceremonies.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — An Argentine prosecutor is seeking judicial permission to investigate President Mauricio Macri and two other high level officials over last year's settlement of a debt owed to the government by a company owned by the president's father.
Federal prosecutor Juan Pedro Zoni says the settlement did not protect the public interest adequately and the officials should be investigated. A federal judge must now decide whether an investigation is warranted for Macri, Communication Minister Oscar Aguad and the ministry's director of legal affairs, Juan Manuel Mocoroa.
The case involves Correo Argentino, the country's post office that was owned by the president's father in the 1990s until it went bankrupt in 2001. The government agreed last year to settle the debt of almost 300 million pesos by having the company pay back twice that amount but in installments spread out until 2033.
Last week, the general prosecutor of the Appellate Court, Gabriela Boquin, ruled the deal was prejudicial to the state.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp will continue his squad rotation policy and is happy to shoulder the blame when the team does not win.
The German made six changes for the 229th Merseyside derby at home to Everton, leaving out Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino, and despite leading through Mohamed Salah's 19th goal of the season they were pegged back by Wayne Rooney's 77th-minute penalty.
While Klopp argued Dejan Lovren's challenge on Dominic Calvert-Lewin was not a spot-kick he stressed the team's inability to kill off the visitors was not down to the omission of key players.
With a busy schedule over the next few weeks Klopp will continue to manage his squad as he tries to avoid a repeat of last season when injuries and unavailability cost his side dearly, winning just once in January.
Asked if it was the correct decision to make the changes he did the Reds boss said: "I thought before the game, yes. Still yes, even when the result doesn't show it.
"We did it in the last six or seven weeks. We do it like this.
"Can they play better? Yes, but it's an intense time. Ask everybody who played during the week, it's intense what we're doing, so that's why we made changes.
"I've said it to the boys already, we can change as much as we want when we win the games, but when we don't win the games I take the blame. I have no problem with that.
"The boys who came in were fresh and did a brilliant job. You need to be ready for each challenge - and we were ready for each challenge.
"We tried everything. We could have scored, we had clear chances, half-chances - we had everything you need but we didn't use it.
"It was always clear a day like this could happen - we wanted to win 1-0 and we didn't.
"I was really happy with the performance of the team. We thought we needed fresh legs - that's what we had and we could have won it. We didn't, so, as I said, blame me."
One of the changes saw left-back Andrew Robertson come in for the injured Alberto Moreno.
The Scotland international, making only his fourth Premier League appearance of the season, felt they wasted the opportunity to make it four successive derby wins against their near-neighbours.
"You can see how the two teams reacted to the draw, we had our heads in our hands and their fans were going wild. I think that shows what the result meant," he told LFCTV.
"We probably should have been more than 1-0 up at half-time and if we were I don't think they are coming back from that.
"The chance for Sadio (Mane) on the stroke of half-time if he puts that away or squares it is is 2-0 and the way we controlled the second half I think we see it out.
"We are disappointed with a draw but we need to dust ourselves down and get ready for Wednesday."
Robertson also thought the penalty decision was generous but said they only had themselves to blame.
"From where I was I thought it was soft. From the way Dejan reacted he thought it was soft too," he added.
"When you are 1-0 up it is always a risk that they get a referee who gives them a favourable decision or they score from a set-piece and we left ourselves open to that."
Islamabad: The brother of Pakistan`s former foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar has filed a forgery case against her and their father.
Abdul Khaliq Khar filed the fraud and forgery case against 25 people, including his sister and father Ghulam Noor Rabbani Khar, the Express Tribune reported.
Khaliq Khar alleged that the accused illegally transferred family property for which a complaint had already been filed at the directorate of anti-corruption.
After an initial investigation, a fraud case was registered against the accused.
Khar was appointed as Pakistan`s youngest and first woman foreign minister by the PPP-led government which came to power after the 2008 elections.
By The Associated Press
BUNKERVILLE, Nev. (AP) — Supporters of cattleman and anti-federal figure Cliven Bundy are protesting a presidential decision to give national monument protection to public land where Bundy grazes cows near his southern Nevada ranch.
The Spectrum of St. George, Utah, (http://bit.ly/2iVR3K7 ) reports that Bundy family members and friends staged a peaceful rally of about a few dozen people on Saturday near the Bundy home.
Family matriarch Carol Bundy is expressing fear that the government will ban grazing in the Gold Butte area — although the U.S. Interior Department says grazing will be allowed.
An armed standoff in April 2014 stopped a federal roundup of Bundy cattle and led to the arrest on federal charges of 19 people including five Bundy family members.
Advertisement
Trial is set to begin Feb. 6 in Las Vegas for the first six defendants in that case.
OXFORD, Ohio (AP) — Miami University in southwest Ohio has seen a recent spike in students taken for alcohol-related hospital treatment.
Authorities say 21 emergency calls for alcohol-related illness involving college-age people were made over four days starting last Thursday evening.
The Oxford school's fraternities and sororities had a moratorium on alcohol-related events during the recruitment process for new pledges. The moratorium was lifted last Thursday as the rush reason ended.
The reports of hospitalizations prompted university officials to call an emergency meeting with fraternity and sorority leaders at the home of President Gregory Crawford.
Miami has a number of alcohol education programs in place to address excessive student drinking.
Comments
comments
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Heather Heyer dedicated her life to standing up for those she felt were not being heard, her parents and friends say. She died fighting for her beliefs and campaigning against hate.
“Heather, her entire life, has been passionate about justice for everyone and fairness and fair treatment and you better be able to explain to her why something was true and not true and why it had to be that way,” her mother Susan Bro told MSNBC on Sunday.
“It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard, to speak up when injustices were happening and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given.”
Thirty-two-year-old Heyer was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a crowd of counterprotesters gathered to oppose a “Unite the Right” rally of white nationalist and other right-wing groups.
Nineteen others were injured in the horrific incident.
A 20-year-old man from Ohio, James Alex Fields Jr., is being held and could face a second-degree murder charge in Heyer's death.
Heather's father Mark Heyer said his daughter had strong convictions and was passionate about helping people.
“She died trying to bring about that purpose,” he told CNN on Sunday.
“She was always passionate about the beliefs she held, she had a bigger backbone than I did,” he said.
‘We were against hate'
Heather's close friend Marissa Blair said she was at Saturday's rally with Heather and fiance Marcus Martin in a show of support for diversity.
“We were against hate, that's what we were against, ” Blair told Chris Cuomo on CNN's “New Day” on Monday. Blair wore a purple T-shirt with a picture of Heather and the words: “If you're not outraged you're not paying attention.”
“This is our city. We work here. We live here. And we didn't want neo-Nazis and alt-right and racists to come into our city and think they could spread freely their hate, and their bigotry and their racism. We wanted to let them know that we were about love, that we were would overpower them … We were peacefully protesting and we were just standing up for what we believe in… And that's what Heather stood for. That's why she was out there, that's why we were out there.”
Blair says her fiance Martin pushed her out of the way when he saw the car coming their way. Martin was hit and sent flying through the air, breaking his leg. The moment was captured in a photograph that has been published widely.
Martin returned to the scene of the crash in a wheelchair Sunday night for a vigil for Heather. Blair calls Martin and Heather her “heroes”.
“She (Heather) had a quirky way of dealing with the hate that she knew that was going on in the world and she felt bad for people who weren't like her and didn't grow up like her and minorities and people of other races and religion that have to deal with hate every day, and she hated it,” Blair said.
“And she made sure she stood up for it and she spoke for people even if they didn't want to speak for themselves … Words can't describe Heather, I will never find another friend like Heather.”
‘We need to start with forgiveness'
Mark Heyer said the only way to get through this tough time is to remember God teaches us to forgive.
“We need to start with forgiveness and stop all of the hate,” he said.
Heather worked as a paralegal for a Charlottesville law firm, assisting clients through the bankruptcy filing process. The Miller Law Group said in its online bio of Heather that she had a lot of knowledge and experience in the bankruptcy field.
Larry Miller, the president of the firm, told the Daily Beast that Heather had a big heart. “She'd hold their hand and make sure they would get the stuff in timely, that way we wouldn't have any issues,” Miller told the Daily Beast. “She was really good at that.”
Heyer had just celebrated her five-year anniversary at her job.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe praised Heyer.
“She was doing what she loved,” McAuliffe said. “She was fighting for democracy, (for) free speech, to stop hatred and bigotry.”
Blair promised to make sure that Heather's message would live on.
“If you knew Heather, you would know that she loves everyone and all she wants is equality for everyone, no matter who you love, no matter what color you are,” Blair told CNN. “She was very strong in what she felt and she spoke with conviction. And she would never back down from what she believed in. And that's what she died doing, she died fighting for what she believed In. Heather was a sweet, sweet soul and she'll never be replaced, she'll never be forgotten.”
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Jorge Alves usually sharpens the Carolina Hurricanes' skates. Lately, the team's equipment manager has been lacing up his own.
It's been a wild past few days for Alves. The 37-year-old former Marine, ex-minor leaguer and veteran of the team's equipment staff suddenly found himself in uniform for an NHL game — and even, for 7.6 unforgettable seconds, on the ice — as the Hurricanes' emergency goalie while regular backup Eddie Lack was too sick to play.
And when the Hurricanes returned to practice Monday, he was back on the ice again — he regularly suits up during morning skates when one of the goalies on the roster is unavailable — and trying to get comfortable with the attention his unusual story has generated.
“This is the brightest stage in our sport, and it's just, to have the honor to do this, everybody dreams about it,” Alves said. “Just working out and running and stuff, I'm always thinking about it — what if it ever happened? What would I do? How would I react? And then, when it actually did happen, I kind of went blank. You can't prepare for that. It was unexpected and it was just quite a memory.”
It's not like Alves doesn't know his way around a rink: After serving four years in the Marines, he played club hockey at North Carolina State from 2002-04 and skated in the ECHL and the low-level Southern Professional Hockey League. He first worked with Carolina's equipment staff during the 2003-04 season and became a full-time equipment manager in 2012-13.
The Hurricanes found themselves in a pinch when Lack fell ill before Saturday night's game at Tampa Bay. Roughly two hours before the puck drop, they announced the signing of Alves to a professional tryout contract and issued him jersey No. 40. His mask — which he painted himself, based on drawings by a local illustrator — features caricatures of the team's other equipment men.
“I think we were literally watching that guy's dream come true right before our eyes,” starter Cam Ward said. “Seeing how emotional he got before that game made everybody emotional. And I said to him right before the game, ‘They don't ask how or why, but you made it to the NHL.'”
Ward bucked the tradition of having the starting goalie lead the team onto the ice for pregame warmups, letting Alves have the spotlight for himself. And with 7.6 seconds left and the outcome all but decided — the Lightning led 3-1 — coach Bill Peters sent Alves onto the ice to replace Ward. He didn't have to face a shot but was handed the puck by teammate Jeff Skinner.
“Every time I see it, I kind of get choked up,” Alves said. “Seven-point-six seconds is going to be near and dear to me.”
A repeat doesn't seem likely Tuesday night when New Jersey visits: Peters says if Lack is too sick to skate against the Devils, the team will recall someone from its AHL affiliate in Charlotte.
That seems fine with Alves, who joked with alternate captain Jordan Staal that the Hurricanes' shooters weren't about to take it easy on him during his first practice since his big debut.
“I told Jordan, ‘It was only 7.6 seconds, guys,'” Alves said. “I'm not an NHLer.”
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) — Tra Holder scored 29 points on 8-for-16 shooting and No. 16 Arizona State upset No. 2 Kansas 95-85 on Sunday, handing the Jayhawks their second straight loss.
Shannon Evans II had 22 points and Remy Martin added 21 for the Sun Devils (9-0). Arizona State shot 50 percent from 3-point range and 50.8 percent overall.
After a slow start that forced coach Bobby Hurley to use a timeout less than two minutes into the game, Arizona State snapped back into it, trimming the deficit to just three points at halftime. The Sun Devils outscored the Jayhawks 58-42 in the second half.
Lagerald Vick led Kansas (7-2) with 25 points. The Jayhawks fell to Washington on Wednesday night.
NO. 4 VILLANOVA 77, LA SALLE 68
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Phil Booth and Donte DiVincenzo each scored 18 points and Villanova avoid an upset to remain undefeated.
The Wildcats (10-0) were sloppy, struggled from 3-point range and could not shake the pesky Explorers until the final minutes of the game to win their 21st straight Big 5 game.
Booth put the Wildcats ahead with three free throws and followed with an assist on DiVincenzo's 3-pointer that made it 67-62 and finally gave them a bit of breathing room.
B.J. Johnson led the Explorers (5-6) with 21 points.
NO. 12 GONZAGA 97, WASHINGTON 70
SEATTLE (AP) — Johnathan Williams had 23 points and 12 rebounds, Zach Norvell Jr. added 21 points and Gonzaga ran away in the second half against Washington.
The Bulldogs (8-2) rebounded nicely from a loss to Villanova and never allowed the Huskies (7-3) to entertain the idea of a second Top 25 upset in one week. Gonzaga led by 19 in the first half and never let the Huskies put together a sustained run in the second half.
Noah Dickerson led Washington with 18 points, and David Crisp added 16. Washington was coming off an upset victory over No. 2 Kansas on Wednesday night in Kansas City, Missouri.
NO. 21 PURDUE 86, IUPUI 61
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. (AP) — Carsen Edwards scored a career-high 27 points and Purdue beat IUPUI for coach Matt Painter's 300th victory.
Isaac Haas added 14 points and six rebounds, and Vincent Edwards had 12 points and 12 rebounds to help the Boilermakers (10-2) win their sixth straight game.
Maurice Kirby had 16 points for IUPUI (2-6).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
In July this year, gold imports rose to $2.10 billion from $1.07 billion in the same month of the previous year. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: India's gold imports more than doubled to $13.35 billion during the April-July period of the current fiscal, according to the data of the commerce ministry.
Gold imports, which has bearing on the country's current account deficit (CAD), stood at $4.97 billion in April-July 2016-17.
In July this year, imports of the precious metal rose to $2.10 billion from $1.07 billion in the same month of the previous year.
Surge in gold imports in July contributed to the widening of trade deficit to $11.44 billion as against $7.76 billion in July 2016.
The rise in imports assumes significance as India is recording surge in the inbound shipments of the precious metal from South Korea, with which India has implemented a free trade agreement since 2010.
Officials have stated that the government is contemplating steps to check the surge in imports from that country.
Gold imports from South Korea has jumped to $338.6 million during 1 July – 3 August this year. The import in 2016-17 stood at $470.46 million.
Under the free trade pact between India and South Korea, basic customs duty on gold was eliminated.
Further, the 12.5% countervailing duty on gold imports has been subsumed in the Goods and Services Tax (GST). Accordingly, imports now attract only 3% integrated GST.
Under the FTA with South Korea, the government has recently notified rules for investigation of safeguard duties.
Countries impose this duty to discourage imports of a product. India is the world's second biggest gold consumer after China.
The imports mainly take care of demand by the jewellery industry. At present, gold import attracts 10% duty.
The gems and jewellery industry along with the commerce ministry have time and again urged the finance ministry to consider a cut in the import duty.
Updated at 12:52 p.m. ET
Rear Adm. Ronny Jackson's nomination to become Secretary of Veterans Affairs appears to be in jeopardy amid "serious allegations" about his workplace behavior, according to several senators and aides.
Allegations about President Trump's pick to head the veteran's agency are so far unsubstantiated, but the claims prompted the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee to postpone a hearing on his nomination pending further investigation.
Veterans Affairs committee Chairman Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., and the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. John Tester, D-Mont., sent a letter to President Trump Tuesday requesting additional documentation related to Jackson's tenure as the president's doctor and his role leading the White House medical team.
"We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation," the pair wrote. "We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review."
The allegations began circulating among staffers on Capitol Hill late last week but so far none of the details have been directly confirmed. Lawmakers have declined to give more detail about the specific allegations leveled against Jackson.
The letter to Trump sent by Isakson and Tester requested information about rumored Pentagon inspector general reports said to detail allegations into Jackson's conduct. So far, the existence of those reports has not been confirmed.
Senate Veterans Affairs Committee member Mike Rounds, R-S.D., told NPR's Morning Edition that Jackson is accused of "serious" but "unsubstantiated allegations," but did not give more details.
"We have been given a brief sketch of what they [the allegations] are, but I'd prefer not to discuss them at this time," Rounds told NPR.
Rounds said that he and other members of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, had received a phone call from Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., over the weekend advising them "that he was in consultation with the White House and that he would let us know sometime during the early part of the week what the plans are going forward."
Rounds added: "These are serious allegations, and they are ones we'd certainly want to get through."
Jackson currently serves as White House physician. He defused doubts about the health and fitness of President Trump in January, describing his medical condition in excessively glowing terms. Jackson is a former combat surgeon who served with Navy bomb disposal units and instructed underwater salvage teams.
Trump picked Jackson to succeed David Shulkin, who was forced to resign as VA secretary after an inspector general's report uncovered inappropriate expenses.
Isakson and Tester have also requested details of Jackson's service in the White House Medical Unit and as Trump's personal physician.
The allegations add to worries from senators in both parties that Jackson is not qualified to run the veterans' agency. Several senators have questions whether Jackson has the managerial experience to lead a department with 360,000 employees, responsible for the care of some 9 million veterans.
Virginia Democrat Tim Kaine told reporters Monday that he had concerns that the veterans agency needs a strong manager to help the agency rebound from years of scandal and mismanagement.
"As a physician I don't think people have questions," Kaine said. "But knowing the size and scope of the challenges in the VA and the size of the operation and what we need to do, I think there's a lot of skepticism."
He currently oversees a staff of several dozen in the White House medical unit. While Jackson is primarily responsible for the president's health care, he also offers treatment to White House staffers and occasionally journalists – something he reminded reporters during a January briefing.
"If something should happen to you over the next few months and you should fall ill at some point, most likely I will be the one called to come take care of you," he said. "So when you ask your questions please keep that in mind."
Jackson is also a blank slate on one of the major policy questions facing the VA: how large a role the private sector should play in veterans' health care. Major veterans service organizations are concerned he might oversee a push towards privatization.
"Some Republican colleagues have told me that they think the hearing should be postponed, which certainly deserves consideration," Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., who is also a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, told The Associated Press.
"I think there may well be a need for more time, in fairness to Adm. Jackson, so he and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly," Blumenthal said.
In a floor speech Tuesday morning, Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer, said Jackson's troubled nomination was indicative of larger issues facing Trump administration nominees.
"So, the president is putting forward nominees without appropriate vetting, and it's our job to vet, and we will not be rushed through, particularly when this administration has such a poor record of looking at the qualifications and the problems that each nominee brings," said Schumer.
News of the postponement came a day after CIA Director Mike Pompeo, another Trump nominee who appeared in peril, was set on a glide path to approval as secretary of state clearing a key Senate committee.
NPR's Scott Horsley contributed reporting to this story.
/
Make the most of low-cost options to engage customers, build lookalike lists of promising leads and measure your results.
March 19, 2018 4 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
The Facebook Ads platform is one of the best tools small businesses can use to target specific audiences and promote products at an affordable cost. In fact, 92 percent of marketers use Facebook Ads for their various marketing campaigns.
In addition to boosting posts and creating effective ads, the platform offers other ways to generate more sales while also retaining existing customers.
If you have an email list and a Facebook page, you can start right away. Here's how.
Create custom audiences.
What if you could find your customers on Facebook and create ads specifically for them? Facebook makes this possible with custom audiences. This strategy enables you to reconnect with your existing customers on Facebook instead of targeting strangers with your Facebook ads.
If you already have an email list full of leads, you can upload this email list in the Audience section of Facebook Ads manager. Then, the platform will find your contacts on Facebook and create a custom target audience.
The best part? That custom audience is filled with people who already have shown interest in your product or service. It all combines to simplify direct sales via Facebook.
Facebook Audience Insights provides means to glean additional information about your existing customers. From here, you can learn about your customer base's gender, interests, lifestyle, location and so much more. You can use this data to create more engaging and personalized ad campaigns.
Related: How Clever Retargeting Persuades Customers Who Looked But Didn't Buy
Create lookalike audiences.
Your custom audience becomes the springboard to identify potential customers with interests and lifestyles similar to those of your existing customers. This is called a lookalike audience because the people who make up this pool share certain traits with your customers.
To generate a more effective lookalike audience, Facebook recommends you first spend some time culling your custom email list. Use list segments that describe your best customers instead of uploading your entire contacts list. This will help increase your chances of making a sale with Facebook Ads. As you mark your preferences for the lookalike group, you can tailor not only its size but also members' interests and locations.
Related: 8 Reasons Facebook Will Beat All Other Digital Marketing Channels This Year
Reward loyal customers.
Customers often take proactive steps to search for your brand on social media and follow your business pages on Facebook. Some will engage with your posts, leaving comments and feedback. It's important to let these customers know you care about them and value their input. Rewarding your most loyal customers is a great way to demonstrate that appreciation.
First, identify them (if you haven't already). You can create a campaign by tracking your links or driving traffic from Facebook to a special landing page that allows you to track website visitors and collect leads. Then, send these customers special goodies such as a coupon code for free shipping, a T-shirt or even a sticker. Any of these options can help you build a stronger connection and generate more sales in the future.
Related: 3 Brands Crushing Instant Customer Service
Create a Facebook Messenger bot.
Fast and responsive customer-support service is a major factor in growing a successful business. Your customers will take notice if you're able to quickly answer questions that help them make the right purchase. Facebook Messenger is a convenient way to provide that support. Even better, you don't need to stay online 24/7. A bot can do the job for you.
Many businesses and brands already use bots to provide customer support and drive sales. Messenger bot campaigns have shown open rates as high as 88 percent and click-through rates up to 56 percent. Spotify recently launched a Messenger bot to help people discover music and share song clips with friends.
Related: Facebook Messenger's New Tools Are Game-Changing for Marketers
Measure and repeat.
One of Facebook's biggest advantages is its ability to easily measure and analyze your ad campaign's results. This capability is built directly into the platform. These tools can help you figure out which type of ads work best and which areas need improvements.
While you retarget and retain your customers with Facebook Ads, don't forget to measure the data, take all the good parts of your campaigns, and repeat.
Related: Top 10 Best Chatbot Platform Tools to Build Chatbots for Your Business
According to the Monster Salary Index (MSI) on gender for 2016, women in India earn 25% less than men. Photo: iStockPhoto
I didn't want more money—do you understand—I wanted equality,” said veteran journalist Carrie Grace to BBC Radio's Woman's Hour earlier this month. She was explaining why she turned down a salary increase and resigned as the public service broadcaster's China editor. The proposed remuneration would have left her making less money than two male international editors in “the same jobs or jobs of equal value”.
Gracie's demand, which came days after Iceland became the first country in the world to announce an equal pay law, has revived discussion about its importance across the globe. As diversity consultant Nirmala Menon puts it, it was “good it happened, because it draws attention to the issue of pay gap and impels both women and organizations to begin a conversation about it”.
It is a long overdue dialogue.
According to the Monster Salary Index (MSI) on gender for 2016, women in India earn 25% less than men. While factors like men having higher labour force participation rates, industry slotting of men and women into different roles and more women taking life stage-related breaks (marriage and maternity) contribute to this chasm, industry experts point out that there are other subtle prejudices at play too. “Men may vehemently deny it, but a bias exists,” says Abdul Jaleel, vice-president, employee experience, Adobe Systems India. In September, Adobe India announced that it had achieved 99% gender parity in salaries. While overhauling the organizational processes to accomplish this, Jaleel says, “We found, I won't use the word ‘discrimination', but more of an unconscious bias, about a woman's availability and willingness to be deployed productively, as compared to men, which exists in a manager's mind and influences decisions about wages. Indirectly, that contributes to the salary gap as well.”
Research shows the pay gap accelerates as women advance to middle and senior management, and after a certain level, it touches a glass ceiling. Amit Nandkeolyar, assistant professor of organizational behaviour at the Indian School of Business, Hyderabad, says the problem starts when a woman isn't offered equal pay on her very first job. “Even a 1-2% differential, which does creep in at the starting level, compounds over a period of time,” he says.
While the general consensus amongst experts is that companies do not intentionally discriminate against women, they continue to be paid less than men. Menon says this is “because women don't ask for what they are worth”. As a founder and chief executive officer of Bengaluru-based Interweave Consulting, a diversity and inclusion consulting firm, Menon feels this may be because many working women have not been exposed to discussions about salary or taught how to negotiate. She is, however, quick to point out that the tide is changing, “The younger generation of women are speaking up because the message now is that you are entitled to ask.”
While the onus of ensuring that every employee has access to equal pay and opportunities lies with the organization, women can play an active role in closing the wage gap. So, if you think you're making less than your male peers, here are some tips to build a case for equal pay:
Know your rights
The Equal Remuneration Act, 1976 mandates equal pay for men and women for the same or similar work. “It's outdated, but has the basic premise that will prevent discrimination on the basis of gender,” says Paul Dupuis, managing director and chief executive officer, Randstad India. Though the Act is a comprehensive one, covering recruitment processes, training, and promotion, etc., it hasn't been successfully used in India where suing someone is not the norm. Both Dupuis and Jaleel say the government should update the Act and ensure compliance. “Rather than putting the onus on the individual, we need a system to audit companies and ensure that they are honouring the law,” says Dupuis.
Do your research
At Adobe, Jaleel says male employees were surprised to learn that a pay gap existed. In Menon's experience, women themselves don't realize they are being paid less than men. “If at all women discuss money, it's with other women. And if women in general are being paid less, nothing seems amiss,” she explains.
Employees, especially women, need to equip themselves with research. Surveys and white papers compiled by recruitment and compensation firms, peer-evaluated social media sites like Glassdoor, and college alumni are sources to tap. Base compensation discussions on this research instead of your current salary. “The question ‘what do you make now' is irrelevant. It's more about what is the market rate for someone with your talents,” says Dupuis.
Be a fearless negotiator
There's a common belief that women are poor at negotiating salaries, and much of that comes from personality traits that are self-sabotaging. Brought up to put other's interests ahead of their own, a large number of women often feel paralysed asserting themselves, even when they are unhappy with the situation. “When it comes to doing it for the office or someone else, women are very good negotiators. They seem to have a problem when it comes to talking for themselves, as they don't want to come across as selfish or unwomanly,” says Menon.
A quick fix for that is to know that salary negotiations can be polite and diplomatic. Frame your response to an offer the right way—never go straight for the money. “You can say something like—‘I'm excited about this opportunity, I share your values and I've liked the people that I have met. I'm really motivated but there is one concern I have and that is the compensation',” says Dupuis. If the company says they don't have the budget, Menon recommends—“Ask, ‘What do I need to do to be up to that level and earn that much?' That way, you're putting the onus back on the employer and registering the fact that you are unhappy with the offer.”
If you have lowballed yourself into a poor salary, address it as you move ahead by mentioning that your current pay is not indicative of your skills. As for women coming back after a career gap, Dupuis says there is no reason not to make an argument about re-entering on an equal footing. “Some men may think it's not fair, but that argument doesn't hold strength because it's essentially how that person can add value to your organization now.”
don't make it about gender
In an interview, don't make it about your gender; prepare an argument based on why you think you are right for the role instead. Nandkeolyar says being perceived as competent is key. “Often, pay differentiation comes not because it's a male and female thing, but because women don't play up their confidence or talk about their achievements,” he explains.
These tips can go a long way towards ensuring women are fairly paid, but organizations carry a huge responsibility to ensure this as well. While experts believe tactics like making salary data publicly available, introducing robust incentive plans like they have at Randstad India and fixing salaries to roles will make an impact, Menon cautions, “Companies that want to discriminate can work around it.”
Acknowledging that there is a problem, however, is the first step towards levelling the playing field. “Everyone knows this gap exists but no one wants to talk about it. It's important for the industry to take a stand on it and commit to action,” says Jaleel.
ROANOKE, Va. - There is potential for significant snow may impact travel later this week, according to the National Weather Service.
A Winter Storm Watch has been issued for multiple counties in our area, these include Bland, Giles, Wythe, Pulaski, Montgomery, Grayson, Carroll, Floyd, Craig, Alleghany, Bath, Roanoke, Botetourt and Rockbridge counties.
A complex winter storm system will develop over the Ohio Valley and mid-Atlantic coast through mid-week., which the National Weather Service said will bring widespread precipitation to the region that will change over to snow Tuesday night and continue into Wednesday, before tapering off Wednesday afternoon into Wednesday night.
Precipitation will change from rain over to wet snow Tuesday night into Wednesday.
The greatest accumulations of wet snow are expected along and west of the Blue Ridge at the higher elevations, with lesser amounts in the valleys and to the east of the Ridge.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Get Great Deals updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Juicers can help fitness fans and those on a diet by creating simple smoothies, juices and soups.
Competitively priced and easy to use, juicers have seen a surge in popularity in recent years and the big brand names include Breville, Morphy Richards and specialist juicer company Nutribullet.
Nutribullet's should top any fitness fanatic's list, especially now supermarket Tesco is selling them at a bargain price. Here is where to get the cheapest price on a Nutribullet.
What is the Nutribullet?
The juicer can break down ice, nuts, seeds, fruit and veg- and could be your answer to dropping some weight in time for the summer season.
The NutriBullet 600 Series 8-piece juicer blender comes complete with a high torque power base, 1x extractor blade, 1x tall cup (680ml), 1x short cup (511ml), 1x handled comfort lip ring, 1x stay-fresh lid, a user manual with recipes and a Pocket Nutritionist.
Where to get the best price on a Nutribullet
Tesco are currently selling the blender at just £34 - reduced from £59.
Usually costing £70, the price of the Nutribullet has dropped with prices on the high street and online starting from as little as £34 (at Tesco Direct ).
(Image: Tesco)
The Nutribullet range consists of many different variations- with other retailers selling packages with different items included.
For instance, shoppers can pick up the Magic Bullet Blender (11-piece set) for just £39.99 , or for the 17-piece set with a 25% saving at just £37.67.
Tesco alone have an 8 item range of different Nutribullet products- which even includes a pink magic bullet or you can save £5 on the baby food processor at just £53 .
The best Nutribullet recipes according to Instagram
The Nutribullet can be used to make a huge variety of dishes- and here are some great ones for first timers.
We took to the product range instagram page to see what their most recommended dishes are.
Strawberry & Blueberry Smoothie
Berry Oat Smoothie Bowl
Green Smoothie Bowl filled with spinach, cucumber, spinach, avocado and more
Roast pumpkin soup
Carrot and Cauliflower anti-inflammatory soup
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
"In order to facilitate the action of liberative forces, reduce the capabilities of the Syrian regime to organise and direct its military actions, to hold losses and destruction to a minimum, and to bring about desired results in the shortest possible time, a special effort should be made to eliminate certain key individuals. Their removal should be accomplished early in the course of the uprising and intervention and in the light of circumstances existing at the time."
"Once a political decision is reached to proceed with internal disturbances in Syria, CIA is prepared, and SIS [MI6] will attempt, to mount minor sabotage and coup de main incidents within Syria, working through contacts with individuals.
"The two services should consult, as appropriate, to avoid any overlapping or interference with each other's activities... Incidents should not be concentrated in Damascus; the operation should not be overdone; and to the extent possible care should be taken to avoid causing key leaders of the Syrian regime to take additional personal protection measures."
Sabotage
Documents show White House and No 10 conspired over oil-fuelled invasion planNearly 50 years before the war in Iraq, Britain and America sought a secretive "regime change" in another Arab country they accused of spreading terror and threatening the west's oil supplies, by planning the invasion of Syria and the assassination of leading figures.Newly discovered documents show howThe plans, frighteningly frank in their discussion, were discovered in the private papers of Duncan Sandys, Mr Macmillan's defence secretary, by Matthew Jones, a reader in international history at Royal Holloway, University of London.Although historians know that intelligence services had sought to topple the Syrian regime in the autumn of 1957, this is the first time any document has been found showing that the assassination of three leading figures was at the heart of the scheme.In the document drawn up by a top secret and high-level working group that met in Washington in September 1957, Mr Macmillan and President Eisenhower were left in no doubt about the need to assassinate the top men in Damascus.Part of the "preferred plan" reads:The document, approved by London and Washington, named three men: Abd al-Hamid Sarraj, head of Syrian military intelligence; Afif al-Bizri, chief of the Syrian general staff; and Khalid Bakdash, leader of the Syrian Communist party.. He described it in his diary as "a most formidable report". Secrecy was so great, Mr Macmillan ordered the plan withheld even from British chiefs of staff, because of their tendency "to chatter".Concern about the increasingly anti-Western and pro-Soviet sympathies of Syria had been growing in Downing Street and the White House. He identified Colonel Sarraj, General al-Bizri and Mr Bakdash as the real power behind a figurehead president. The triumvirate had moved even closer to Nikita Khrushchev's orbit after the previous year's disastrous attempt by Britain and France, in collusion with Israel, to reverse the nationalisation of the Suez canal.By 1957, despite America's opposition to the Suez move, President Eisenhower felt he could no longer ignore the danger of Syria becoming a centre for Moscow to spread communism throughout the Middle East.More importantly, Syria also had control of one of the main oil arteries of the Middle East, the pipeline which connected pro-Western Iraq's oilfields to Turkey.The "preferred plan" adds:The report said thatThat meant operations in Jordan, Iraq, and Lebanon, taking the form of, and the arming of "political factions with paramilitary or other actionist capabilities" within Syria.The planners envisaged replacing the Ba'ath/Communist regime with one that was firmly anti-Soviet, but they conceded that this would not be popular and "would probably need to rely first upon repressive measures and arbitrary exercise of power".The plan was never used, chiefly because Syria's Arab neighbours could not be persuaded to take action and an attack from Turkey alone was thought to be unacceptable. The following year, the Ba'athists moved against their Communist former allies and took Syria into a federation with Gen Nasser's Egypt, which lasted until 1963.
× WhatsApp fights hoax messages in India after rumors led to killings
INDIA — WhatsApp is working on a new feature to help prevent the spread of hoax messages in India after a spate of lynchings is triggered by rumors shared on the messaging service.
The Facebook-owned service is testing a tool in India that will show users when a message has been forwarded rather than composed by the sender, it said in a letter to the Indian government on Wednesday. WhatsApp shared the letter with CNNMoney.
India is WhatsApp's biggest market, with over 200 million people using the platform each month.
The Indian government issued a warning to the company on Tuesday, following a spate of mob violence. Over the past six weeks, nearly a dozen people have been killed in separate incidents after being falsely accused of child abduction based on WhatsApp rumors.
“Irresponsible and explosive messages filled with rumors and provocation are being circulated on WhatsApp,” India's technology ministry said in a statement. “While the law and order machinery is taking steps to apprehend the culprits, the abuse of a platform like WhatsApp for repeated circulation of such provocative content [is] equally a matter of deep concern.”
In its response, WhatsApp said it was “horrified by these terrible acts of violence.” It detailed a number of changes it has already made to keep users safe and prevent misuse of the service, including the new feature which it plans to launch soon.
“This could serve as an important signal for recipients to think twice before forwarding messages because it lets a user know if content they received was written by the person they know or a potential rumor from someone else,” the company said.
“We believe that false news, misinformation and the spread of hoaxes are issues best tackled collectively: by government, civil society and technology companies working together,” WhatsApp said.
Beijing: China has managed to reduce the average concentration of the most harmful air pollution particles by 38.2 per cent so far this year in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the country's most polluted area, according to official data.
Minister of Environmental Protection Li Ganjie called the achievements remarkable, and said they were made possible by putting in place the world's largest clean coal-fired power generation system over the past five years, Efe news reported on Monday.
From January to November, the capital saw the average concentration of PM2.5 - the smallest, most harmful particles of pollution - reduced to 60 micrograms per cubic meter, a reduction of 25.6 percent.
The World Health Organisation advises against more than 24 hours of exposure to PM2.5 concentrations above 25 micrograms per cubic metre.
Li said Beijing had seen many blue days in December, something less common during winter, which is usually the worst period of the year for air quality due to the operation of central heating, which is generally fuelled by coal.
The PM2.5 levels were reduced in the Yangtze River and the Pearl River Delta by 31.7 per cent and 25.6 per cent, respectively.
Enjoy a “Stranger Things” episode done by the “Bad Lip Reading” guys.
Sorry, “Stranger Things” fans, season 3 probably isn't happening until 2019. But here's a Bad Lip Reading video of the show to tide you over.
Thomas L. Gormley, 78, of Southington passed away on Friday, March 16, 2018 at his home. He was the husband of 48 years to the late Beverley A. (Sizemore) Gormley.
Born September 24, 1939 in Meriden he was the son of the late Lawrence and Anne (Seitz) Gormley.
Tom graduated from UCONN with a degree in English and a sixth year from Central CT State University. Tom was a teacher in Southington for 32 years. He taught at Milldale School and English at Kennedy Middle School, later he became the Audio Visual Coordinator for the Southington School System. He was instrumental in bringing computer technology into the school system.
He is survived by his children, daughter Andrea Patla and husband David of Plantsville, Christopher Gormley and wife Mary of Wexford, PA and Thomas P. Gormley and fiancée Jodie Konowski of Berlin; six grandchildren, Grace Jimenez, Olivia, Annalise, Alaina and Madalyn Gormley and Kyle Patla; a brother, Dennis Gormley of VA, a sister, Deborah Gormley of MA. and several nieces and nephews.
His family would like to give their sincere thanks to Patrick Asamoah, Tom's caregiver. Patrick treated him with love and kindness and the family will be forever grateful.
His funeral will be held on Friday, 10:15 a.m. from the DellaVecchia Funeral Home, 211 N. Main St., Southington to Mary Our Queen Church, 248 Savage St., Plantsville for a Mass at 11 a.m. Burial will be at the convenience of the family. Calling hours will be Thursday from 5-8 p.m.
For online condolences and directions please visit, www.dellavecchiafh.com
March 30 CD Projekt SA:
* Reports FY revenue ​of 583.9 million zlotys ($148.5 million) versus 798.0 million zlotys a year ago
* FY net profit was 250.5 million ​zlotys versus 342.4 million zlotys a year ago
* FY EBITDA was 339.3 million zlotys versus 429.3 million zlotys
* In 2016 over 96 pct of CD PROJEKT S.A. sales revenues were generated by exports
* The majority of FY revenues in the videogame development segment was generated by sales of The Witcher 3
* The net profit result was helped by continuing high sales of The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt and sales of both expansion packs
* The Witcher 3 sales revenues in the period between the game's release and the end of 2016 reached over 1 billion zlotys Source text: and bit.ly/2niD2Uk
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9314 zlotys) (Katarzyna Zajaczkowska)
Citing upside risks to inflation, RBI's monetary policy committee decided to keep interest rates unchanged in its 5-6 December meeting. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
Citing upside risks to inflation, the monetary policy committee of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) decided to keep interest rates unchanged in its meeting last week. But not everyone agrees with RBI's assessment of India's inflation trajectory. At least two members of the newly constituted Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council (PMEAC)—Surjit Bhalla and Ashima Goyal—have been publicly advocating a rate cut, citing RBI's poor inflation forecasting record.
A Mint analysis of past inflation forecasts by RBI suggests that it has indeed been overestimating inflation in the past two years. But RBI's forecast record does not seem to be very poor once we consider volatility in price levels of a few food items that have fluctuated sharply in the past two years.
In its statements since early 2015, RBI consistently expected retail price inflation to rise to 6% by January 2016 from the prevailing levels of around 5%. Actual inflation in January 2016 turned out to be 5.7%. This year, actual inflation in March (3.9% year-on-year) undershot RBI's forecast of 5% by a wide margin. Subsequently, RBI in its April statement projected inflation at 4.5% for the first half of fiscal 2018 (April-September 2017). But actual inflation averaged only 2.6% over these six months. It is only in recent months, as inflation rebounded from the trough of 1.5% in June, that RBI's forecasts have matched actual trajectory.
But despite this overshooting record, RBI's forecasts have been marginally superior to that of the median professional economist in India.
The inflation forecasts by professional economists and RBI often move together, and have often missed actual outcomes.
What about the record of other central banks? Very few have had a shining record in forecasting inflation in the past year, data shows. The inflation forecasts of two inflation-targeting central banks of emerging market economies—South Africa and Brazil—have overshot realized inflation levels by a wide margin this year. Inflation in the advanced world has also tended to lag behind the targets and forecasts of its central banks.
However, the similarities between RBI and other central banks end there. In light of lower-than-expected inflation since 2017, the central banks of both South Africa and Brazil have lowered their inflation forecasts and cut interest rates. RBI hasn't cut rates. Instead, it has been raising its inflation forecasts despite the past misses.
This had made critics question RBI's inflation forecasting framework and the rationale for not cutting interest rates further. One reason why the monetary policy committee may have stuck to its guns is the volatile nature of food inflation in India, which most economists expect to rise. In fact, after accounting for fluctuations in the price-levels of a couple of food products, RBI's record in predicting the inflation trajectory appears remarkably accurate.
Two food items—vegetables and pulses—which constitute roughly 8% of the consumer price inflation (basket) have accounted for much of the volatility in overall price levels over the past two years. As an earlier Plain fact column pointed out, both weather-related and policy-related disruptions such as demonetization may have contributed to the volatility in prices of these products.
Excluding these two items (and thus accounting for 92% of the CPI basket), the inflation level in the country has been close to RBI's targets.
Apart from the volatility in food prices, RBI's own history may be weighing on its decisions today, and may have made it and its monetary policy committee less sensitive to inflation undershoot than to inflation overshoot. After all, RBI was behind the curve on inflation for many years in the post-crisis era, which arguably contributed to India's macroeconomic instability in 2012-13, and the currency crisis which followed.
The course-correction that followed eventually paved the way for an inflation-targeting regime in India, and led to the creation of the monetary policy committee last year. The nature of the volatility in inflation over the past two years, and the historical record of RBI over the past decade can perhaps help us understand the current cautious stance of RBI.
× Ohio school districts allow teachers to carry guns in class
GEORGETOWN, Ohio – Southern Ohio school districts are allowing their staff to carry guns on campuses.
Multiple school districts in the state have voted for staff to carry in order to resolve issues of safety plans for their upcoming school year.
Teachers and staff must conceal their firearms and have a concealed carry permit in order to have a gun on campus. They will also go to first aid and first responders training.
Between 2000-2013, 24.4 percent of active shooter incidents in the U.S. were at school, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Related Coverage 1 dead after 2-car accident in Cornwall
CORNWALL, Conn. (WTNH) — Police have identified the victim of a fatal weekend crash in Cornwall.
According to police, on Sunday, a vehicle being driven by 66-year-old Christopher Meach was traveling on Hickory Lane in Cornwall.
A second vehicle being operated by 27-year-old Meghan Butler collided head-on with Meach's vehicle.
Original Story: 1 dead after 2-car accident in Cornwall
Officials say Butler was pronounced dead at the scene. Meach sustained serious injuries and was transported by Life Star to Hartford Hospital.
The cause of the crash remains under investigation.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
A golfer in Florida used his putter to save his own life from a 10-foot alligator. No, that is not a joke. Tony Aarts was playing at Magnolia Landing Golf and Country Club when he was attacked by the gator while he was walking near some water.
Via WPTV:
“My ball was about 10 feet from the pin and all I could think about was making a birdie,” he said.
“As I was walking about 5 to 6 feet away from the water I heard a splash, and as soon as I heard that splash I knew it was an alligator, and he got me. I remember having a club in my hand, and as soon as he had me in the water up to my waist, I started hitting him over the head. I have seen (sic) the size of him, you know you can just see the claws as he was pulling me back and I'm heeling in trying to go the other way and he's just looking at me and I'm looking at him. So I started hitting him in the eye socket, I hit him 3 times and he let go of my foot. so I crawled back and by that time the guys… they were there.”
“It was a ten-footer. They dragged him out an hour after I went by ambulance they had him out of there.”
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Holidaymakers who book trips online are to get new protections to ensure they aren't left out of pocket if their travel provider goes bust.
On Monday, a series of new Package Travel Regulations are being proposed in Parliament to further protect consumers who book 'package' breaks online - but in separate parts.
The rules - which are set to come into force next July - would mean all travellers who book on the internet would get the same financial security as those who book an all-in break on the high street.
The Government estimates that this would cover an extra 10 million travellers a year - many of whom aren't currently covered by travel protection scheme ATOL.
The proposals come just months after an ABTA Holiday Habits report found more than three quarters of UK consumers now book their holidays online and in segments rather than one complete package.
'Peace of mind'
The government says the new rules will mean passengers who book flights, hotels or car hires outside of package holidays, will also be covered by its protection scheme, ATOL.
This is the Air Travel Organisers' Licence - a consumer protection body set up in 1973, for all package holidays that include a flight.
It ensures that you don't lose the money you paid out or become stranded abroad if your travel company collapses.
Under ATOL, all companies selling package holidays which include an airline ticket must pay into a pot that can refund people who lose their holidays or, if needs be, bring them home if they are abroad when a company folds.
The rules would mean that an extra 22% of holidaymakers would get their money back if something goes wrong.
This includes where third party firms are involved for ‘extras' such as car hires and transfers.
Launching a six-week consultation on the proposals, consumer minister Margot James said: "While consumer laws protect millions of holidaymakers from the fallout if a travel company goes into administration, the way we book holidays has changed significantly in recent years and it is important that regulations are updated to reflect this."
Alex Neill, of Which? added: "Holidaymakers should be able to book their trips without worrying about whether they will be protected if their travel agent, airline, or hotel goes bust.
"The Government must make sure gaps in protection are addressed so that consumers have peace of mind however they book their package holiday."
A hacking convention was the obvious place for Brandon Creighton to show off his latest development -- a self-made 1G mobile network that brings the first generation of mobile phones back to life, should any of them still have batteries that hold a charge.
Warning that it might be against the law to operate such radio equipment where you live, mind, the maker of the system has put his code up on GitHub for everyone -- or anyone who understands what any of it means -- to download and used to build their own base station to relay hyper-local calls to compatible old mobiles.
Hardware hacks
What it's doing is using the ancient AMPS -- Advanced Mobile Phone System -- technology of the first generation of mobile phones, which is more of an analogue radio system grid than anything resembling today's networks. That means you're best off not using it for secure business negotiations or arranging dates, as anyone with a scanner could listen in to the unencoded calls -- but then again today's hackers probably don't bother intercepting calls made over 1G, so it might actually be more secure than instant messaging.
Of course you need some hardware to make it work in the first place. Something like the HackRF One should do the job, with a software defined radio like the RTL-SDR handling the scanning of the frequencies.
So it won't be that cheap and it certainly won't be easy unless you've had a career working in radio systems or are the dad of a particularly precocious child, but it might be fun, of a sort, if you enjoy extreme engineering challenges and have a stash of legacy mobiles from the 1980s filling up a sock drawer somewhere. And the chargers for them.
Happy #FourthOfJuly! 🇺🇸 LED lights display an American Flag pattern on the International Space Station in the Advanced Plant Habitat, designed to record data from 180 sensors to test which growth conditions plants prefer in space. Get a closer look: https://t.co/4PNysEwvcg pic.twitter.com/KUHfr4MJ6o — NASA (@NASA) July 4, 2018
NASA found an out-of-this-world way to celebrate America's birthday: with a very patriotic-looking collection of stars."Celestial Fireworks!" NASA wrote on Twitter . "Like a #4thOfJuly2018 fireworks display, this glittering collection of stars located 20,000 light-years away from Earth looks like a red, white & blue aerial burst."The image was taken by the Hubble Space Telescope in August and December of 2009. The collection of stars can be found in the constellation Carina, according to NASA . The stars are surrounded by the materials needed to form more stars: clouds of interstellar gas and dust.Though the environment in that constellation may appear peaceful in a still image, it's actually quite turbulent."These huge stars live fast and die young, burning through their hydrogen fuel quickly and ultimately ending their lives in supernova explosions," NASA wrote.The space agency also celebrated the day with an American flag made of LED lights aboard the International Space Station.
TOKYO (AP) — Shares fell in Asia on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates, as expected. Lower oil prices took a toll on energy-related shares across the region, while Japan's benchmark slipped as the yen gained against the dollar. Property developers led the decline in Hong Kong.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index fell 0.4 percent to 19,797.46 and South Korea's Kospi sank 0.6 percent to 2,358.34. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong dropped 0.9 percent to 25,643.15. Shanghai's Composite index edged 0.1 percent lower to 3,128.29 and the S&P ASX 200 in Australia tumbled 1.1 percent to 5,770.90. Shares in Southeast Asia also were mostly lower.
RATE HIKE: The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time since December, something investors had widely expected based on the Fed's recent statements. Fed leaders suggested they still expect to raise rates again later in the year.
ANALYST VIEWPOINT: “Asian markets were seen broadly lower this morning, taking little cues from overnight markets. The drop in crude oil prices and the corresponding unloading of energy shares in the region, meanwhile, seems to be the primary drag on regional bourses,” Jingyi Pan of IG said in a commentary.
HONG KONG: The Hong Kong Monetary Authority raised interest rates after the Fed's move, to help keep the territory's currency at a stable rate against the U.S. dollar. That spurred selling of real estate developers' shares.
U.S. DATA: The Commerce Department said retail spending decreased in May, surprising experts and prompting investors to buy traditionally safe assets like government bonds and high-dividend companies and sell stocks from other industries that depend more on economic growth. Bond yields hit their lowest level of 2017. Oil prices also hit an annual low after the government's weekly report on oil stockpiles.
WALL STREET ON WEDNESDAY: The Standard & Poor's 500 index edged 0.1 percent lower, to 2,437.92. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.2 percent, to a record 21,374.56. Home Depot and Goldman Sachs contributed most of the blue-chip index's gain. After a late tumble in technology stocks, the Nasdaq composite lost 0.4 percent, to 6,194.89.
ENERGY: Oil futures plunged overnight after the U.S. government said oil supplies shrank only slightly last week while gasoline stockpiles grew. Benchmark U.S. crude fell another 5 cents to $44.68 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It fell $1.73, or 3.7 percent, to settle at $44.73 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, edged 1 cent higher to $47.01 a barrel. It had shed $1.72, or 3.5 percent, to close at $47 a barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar edged lower to 109.56 from 109.57 yen. The euro edged up to $1.1219 from $1.1217.
Washington: Tropical Storm Nate gained strength Friday as it barreled toward popular Mexican beach resorts and ultimately the US Gulf coast after dumping heavy rains on Central America that left at least 26 people dead.
Nate, which currently has 50 mile (85 kilometer) per hour winds, is forecast to reach hurricane strength by the time it makes landfall in the United States on Saturday, on the north coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
New Orleans, where levees were breached during Hurricane Katrina in 2005, and other cities on the US Gulf coast were under hurricane watch.
The US National Hurricane Center warned of possible "hurricane conditions" by Friday night on Mexico`s Yucatan Peninsula, home to Cancun and other Caribbean resorts.
By late Saturday, those fearsome winds could drive a "life-threatening storm surge" onto southern US states.
"Nate is expected to become a hurricane by the time it reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico," the Center said.
As of Friday afternoon, the storm was located about 125 kilometers east of Cozumel, Mexico, a picturesque resort island.
It was still wreaking havoc in Central America, where Honduran officials ordered several coastal zones to evacuate as heavy rains continued causing floods.
Authorities in Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador declared a maximum or red alert.On Thursday, intense rains from the storm forced thousands from their homes, uprooted trees, knocked out bridges and turned roads into rivers in Costa Rica, Nicaragua and Honduras.
"We were drowning. Thank God (emergency workers) helped us. The river swelled so much it swept away our house, our pigs, our chickens -- it swept away everything," said Bonavide Velazquez, 60, who was evacuated from her home in southern Nicaragua.
Nicaragua bore 12 of the deaths, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo.
In Costa Rica, where a national emergency was declared, nine people died, including a three-year-old girl, after they were hit by falling trees and mudslides. An alert was issued for people to be wary of crocodiles that might be roaming after rivers and estuaries flooded.
Three other people were killed in Honduras, and two in El Salvador.
More than 30 people are listed as missing across the region.
Nicaragua`s Murillo said 800 people had been evacuated, nearly 600 homes were flooded and 14 communities were isolated because of rains that had been falling for days.
More than 5,000 people were staying in shelters in Costa Rica after having to abandon their homes because of flooding and the risk of mudslides.
In the Gulf of Mexico, some offshore oil and gas rigs were evacuated ahead of the storm`s advance, the US government Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement said in a statement.The United States is recovering from two major hurricanes: Harvey, which tore through Texas in August, and Irma in September.
Another powerful storm, Hurricane Maria, ripped through the Caribbean in late September, devastating several islands, including Dominica and Puerto Rico.
Central America, the Caribbean, Mexico and the southern United States suffer an Atlantic hurricane season every year that runs from June to November.
But 2017 is already one of the worst years on record.
The unstable weather brings heightened risk of flooding and mudslides in many poor Central American nations.
This year, some areas in Central America have gotten up to 50 percent more rain than average for September and October.
Costa Rica declared three days of mourning for those killed by Tropical Storm Nate, and President Luis Guillermo Solis warned that, although the storm had passed, it was too early to say the danger had gone.
"This situation is deceptive because it will rain this weekend and the ground is saturated, so landslides are possible," he said.
If you've had an Instagram account for awhile, you know that celebrities often post pictures of themselves promoting products. Whether it's Kim Kardashian West promoting Fit Tea or a popular influencer posing at a paid-for event, having sponsored pictures (i.e. pictures of stars using products they are paid to post) is pretty common.
Which makes it even more surprising that a new report from MediaKix shows a whopping 93 percent of celebrity-sponsored posts violate Federal Trade Commission (FTC) guidelines.
VIDEO: Kim K. Sets an Instagram Record
Before we get into it further, let's back up a little bit. The FTC helps prevent deceptive marketing practices, but as people have started promoting stuff for money on Instagram, regulation has gotten a lot more difficult.
In sponsored posts, celebrities are supposed to make it clear that they've been paid to put the picture up. If they do this, you'll typically see a "#ad" or "#sponsored" tag somewhere in the visible part of the caption (take a look at Kardashian's savvy Insta for a lesson on how to do it correctly).
But just because it's easy to stay within the guidelines doesn't mean celebs do it. Earlier this year, the FTC had to issue a stern warning to 90 celebrities and influencers who had 'grams in violation of their rules. You think that would've helped clear up some of the problems, but that's where you're (sadly) wrong.
According to the new report, 93 percent of celebrities' Instagram accounts still violate FTC rules, even after the warnings were issued. That's pretty darn bad. In the study, MediaKix zeroed in on Instagram's top 50 celebrity accounts, and found that only 7 percent of the posts fit FTC regulations. Having so many non-FTC-compliant posts cannot be a good sign.
RELATED: Instagram Will Now Let You Take Down Your Posts Without Deleting Them
While a lot of stars took down questionable posts earlier this year after the warnings were issued, this is still clearly a problem. We hope that celebrities take note and start tagging their photos accordingly.
The Crazy, Unbelievable Alabama Senate Race Careens To An End
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hal Yeager/Getty Images Hal Yeager/Getty Images
"Unprecedented" is a term that was thrown around a lot to describe the crazy 2016 presidential election. Now, the Alabama Senate race may be giving that campaign a run for its money.
The appointment of Luther Strange to succeed new Attorney General Jeff Sessions had occurred under a cloud of suspicion, with then-Gov. Robert Bentley tapping Strange — the state attorney general who had been investigating Bentley for using his office to cover up an extramarital affair.
Now, the end of the race culminates not in Strange as the GOP nominee but in Roy Moore — easily one of the most controversial figures in Alabama politics even before this race — as the Republican standard-bearer who's been beset by allegations of sexual misconduct and sexual assault.
Moore looked dead in the water when the accusations — which he stringently denies — surfaced a month ago. Multiple women have alleged that, decades ago, he pursued them romantically as teenagers when he was in his 30s, including one woman who said Moore initiated sexual contact with her when she was just 14.
Other recent accusations of sexual misconduct have resulted in three members of Congress resigning last week, with at least two other lawmakers still on the hot seat facing allegations and questions. Even if he wins, Moore could face an ethics investigation and calls from within the ranks of Senate Republicans not to seat him.
Nonetheless, Moore's poll numbers appear to have rebounded, and the Republican probably has even a very slight edge heading into Election Day on Tuesday, according to observers in the state. And while national GOP leaders began to abandon him in droves initially, President Trump embraced him last week with a full-on endorsement. The Republican National Committee soon followed, reinstating their financial support for Moore.
A win by Democratic nominee Doug Jones in Alabama — a state that Trump won by almost 30 points just last year — once looked unthinkable. Then, a Moore victory, after multiple women came forward to accuse him of sexual impropriety against them when they were teenagers, similarly seemed impossible.
Polls in the race have been all over the place, with turnout in a special election during the year-end holiday season hard to measure. And add in the latest dose of uncertainty, which is nearly impossible to measure or predict: whether Republicans will stay home or if enough African-American voters will go to the polls to help Jones.
It's anyone's best guess how this wild ride will end for a seat that's important as Republicans try to pass a tax overhaul and other GOP priorities in a closely-divided Senate with the 2018 midterms less than a year away.
Here are just a few of the factors that have added uncertainty and often flat-out "what in the world is happening" reactions to this race.
How we got here: from one sex scandal to another
This contest wasn't even supposed to have happened until 2018 if not for another sex scandal that prompted its rescheduling. When Bentley stepped down after allegedly using his office to cover up an affair with an aide, new Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey moved up the election to 2017.
After Bentley resigned, his appointment of Strange — who was investigating wrongdoing by the then-governor — became a political hot potato. The appearance of some sort of quid pro quo, even though Strange denied it, was the biggest factor that led to his loss to Moore in the GOP primary runoff, according to multiple Republicans in the state. Not even millions of dollars spent by national GOP groups and a superPAC aligned with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., could save Strange.
Republicans in Washington, D.C., certainly weren't thrilled that they now had Moore, who had long been a polarizing political figure in the Yellowhammer State, as the GOP nominee. The former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice had been well-known for years for his Christian nationalist stances, including refusing to remove a Ten Commandments monument he'd erected in the state judicial building, his hardline comments on same-sex marriage and transgender rights, and more recently his suggestion that the last time America was "great again" was when there was slavery.
Still, even given Moore's political baggage, most people didn't expect that the general election would turn so, well, strange in the end.
Flood of accusations against Moore
It all started on Nov. 9, when the Washington Post published a bombshell account from Leigh Corfman, who detailed how Moore — then a 32 year-old district attorney — pursued her romantically when she was 14. Corfman said during one meeting Moore removed his clothes and she took off her top and pants, and then Moore "touched her over her bra and underpants, she says, and guided her hand to touch him over his underwear." Corfman said she then asked Moore to take her home, which he did. (She would later appear on NBC's Today to discuss her allegations.)
Corfman's story was only the beginning, as nine women in total came forward saying Moore had pursued them romantically when they were teenagers. Some media outlets even reported that he had been banned from the local mall in Gadsden, Ala., in the late 1970s, apparently out of concerns he was paying excessive attention to the teenage girls who worked and hung out there. Moore's campaign quickly took issue with those reports.
Moore and his allies pushed back hard against the flood of accusations against him — but in some surprising and questionable ways. Some even argued that the age gap between Moore and the girls wasn't necessarily wrong.
"Take the Bible. Zachariah and Elizabeth for instance. Zachariah was extremely old to marry Elizabeth and they became the parents of John the Baptist," Alabama State Auditor Jim Zeigler told the Washington Examiner. "Also take Joseph and Mary. Mary was a teenager and Joseph was an adult carpenter. They became parents of Jesus."
Moore went on Fox News host Sean Hannity's radio show — typically a very friendly venue for Republicans — the next day to rebut the charges further. Instead, he ended up doing more damage. When Hannity asked Moore if he had ever dated 16-, 17- or 18-year-olds, his answer wasn't a flat-out denial initially. Instead, he said "not generally, no" and said that dating a girl in her late teens "would have been out of my customary behavior."
"I don't remember dating any girl without the permission of her mother," Moore also added. Finally, Moore gave a more forceful denial, saying that dating a teenage girl would have been "inappropriate."
As the weeks went on, it seemed clear there were still plenty of doubts in the minds of voters as to the veracity of the accusations. To others, even if they did believe there was some truth to the women's stories, because Moore would vote right on social issues such as abortion, it was worth voting for him anyway.
A focus group done by GOP pollster Frank Luntz recently and aired on VICE News Tonight showed that some conservative Alabama voters thought the women making the accusations were being paid. And others said that even if Moore had tried to date teenage girls decades ago, that was perfectly acceptable at the time anyway.
YouTube
Moore's Trumpian strategy: Blame Washington and the media
The embattled Moore has appeared infrequently in public since the allegations against him were reported, and when he does, he has refused to take questions from the media about the accusers after that Hannity interview. His campaign has held occasional "press conferences" to try to discredit some of the allegations of the women who had come forward, but even then representatives of the campaign haven't taken questions.
Instead, Moore has embraced a decidedly Trumpian strategy — shift the blame. The D.C. establishment — including both Republicans and Democrats — have long been out to get him, Moore told his supporters. That's why "swamp creature" McConnell had spent so heavily to defeat him in the primary and failed. Now, there was a coordinated effort to make sure he didn't make it to the U.S. Senate, in Moore's view.
"I think they're afraid I'm going to take Alabama values to Washington, and I can't wait," Moore said at the end of a campaign rally last Tuesday alongside former Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon. The Brietbart News chief has used his website's considerable influence among conservatives to boost Moore and discredit the accusations against him.
Eventually Trump, too, would buy into that argument, casting doubt on Moore's accusers. "He totally denies it," the president said before leaving the White House for Thanksgiving. And he echoed another refrain Moore has hammered home — these accusations are from 40 years ago, so why would the women be coming forward now?
It wasn't until last week that Trump would remove any doubt that he was 100 percent behind Moore. And while he didn't outright campaign for Moore, he did the closest thing he could — holding a campaign rally Friday night just about 20 miles from the Alabama border in Pensacola, Fla., that falls within the Mobile, Ala., media market.
Trump made only a passing mention of the race, but did seize upon the news of the day that one Moore accuser, Beverly Young Nelson, had admitted to adding an inscription to a yearbook note she claimed proved she knew Moore 40 years ago, something she offered in support of her allegation that Moore sexually assaulted her back then. Amid a fresh round of attacks on her credibility, Nelson maintains that Moore's signature and the personal note written to her in the yearbook were penned by Moore.
Fundamentals favor Jones, but will it matter?
Jones, the former U.S. attorney who once prosecuted KKK members for a high-profile crime against African-Americans during the civil rights movement, has the type of profile that may appeal to some moderate voters and could motivate black voters in the state.
toggle caption Joe Raedle/Getty Images
And, as NBC News noted, Jones' campaign has outspent Moore by a 10-1 margin and has an active get-out-the-vote operation. Moore's campaign has been a skeleton operation in the final stretch, with rare appearances and minimal staff.
But, in 2016 Trump's campaign was derided in much the same way, and it was assumed that his controversial remarks, sexual assault allegations and a tape in which he bragged about groping women would be his downfall. That's not to mention the money advantage that Hillary Clinton had over the GOP nominee who had already divided his party.
Sound familiar?
So, to end what's been a tumultuous few political years, perhaps it should be less than surprising that the Alabama Senate race seems headed for a crazy, unbelievable finish.
We start our preview of the various units with the offensive line. This unit has already been a subject of some discussion among our readers due to the unexpected departure of Rick Kurz, who was on...
A drug dealer who aroused the suspicion of locals after getting stranded in a village near Warwick when he was ordered off a train for having no ticket has been jailed.
When the police carried out a stop and search on Akiem Burton in Claverdon, they found more than 40 deals of heroin and crack cocaine on him.
And at Warwick Crown Court he pleaded guilty to two charges of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply them and possessing a bladed article, a bayonet-sized knife.
Burton (20) of Cotswold Close, Rednal, Birmingham, was jailed for 21 months for the drug offences – with a consecutive four-month sentence for the knife.
Prosecutor Ravi Sidhu said that at around lunchtime on May 24 the police had reports of a suspicious-looking person in Claverdon.
When officers turned up, they soon found Burton, who was wearing a long winter coat and a distinctive woolly beanie hat, even though it was a warm day.
They spoke to him, and Burton said he had just been to a shop in the village and was in a hurry to catch a train.
But, unconvinced by his explanation, they searched him and found a small amount of herbal cannabis worth £4 on him.
As their search continued, Burton tried to pull away from them, and there was a violent struggle before he was restrained.
The officers then found a clingfilm package in his coat, containing ten £10 wraps of heroin and 33 deals of crack cocaine worth between £330 and £660.
And in the waistband of his trousers they found a knife, which Mr Sidhu described as being ‘similar to a bayonet,' with a ten-inch blade.
After arresting Burton, who was subject to a suspended sentence at the time for possessing a bladed article, the police found messages on his phone which indicated the supply of drugs.
And at his home, other officers found other drug paraphernalia, including electronic scales and contact cards with the header ‘Best Deals' on them, added Mr Sidhu.
Burton suffers from depression and listlessness, said his barrister Anthony Potter, who argued: “It is unlikely to get better by reason of receiving an immediate custodial sentence.
“He has impressed on me how he is anxious to put this behind him and to engage in education.”
Of how Burton came to be in Claverdon on that day, Mr Potter said: “His account of being turfed off the train because he doesn't have a ticket is more likely to be correct than that he was intending to supply there.”
Jailing Burton, Deputy Judge Michael Stokes QC, told him: “You were before the court last year and received a suspended sentence of imprisonment for carrying a knife in a public place.
“In May this year you were caught in possession of crack cocaine, heroin and a tiny amount of cannabis, which is neither here nor there, and a big knife, while you were on that suspended sentence.
“You are a 20-year-old man, and there is an indication in the doctor's report you are suffering from depression, but that is no excuse for acting as a drug dealer.
“The knife was a very large knife, the size of a bayonet, and there has to be a consecutive sentence for that,” he added.
Catalonia: Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont has put off until Tuesday an appearance in the regional parliament at which some leaders have called for an independence declaration, a spokesman said Friday.
"Puigdemont has requested to appear before parliament on Tuesday to discuss the current political situation," a regional government spokesman said.
The announcement comes a day after Spain`s Constitutional Court ordered the suspension of the session which was scheduled to begin on Monday.
DNA: Today in History, April 24, 2018
This segment of DNA brings to you the importance of April 24 in History. Watch this video to know more.
× Lawsuit Filed Against City and Police After Alleged Attack by Police K-9
WILKES-BARRE — A man from Berwick is filing a federal civil rights lawsuit against the city of Wilkes-Barre and the Wilkes-Barre City Police Department.
The suit alleges police used excessive force while arresting Joshua Fought in July, specifically a police dog.
Video shot by Rolando Serra showed Fought handcuffed on the ground on Public Square. Viewers can see a Wilkes-Barre Police K-9 jumping up and down as Fought's leg pops up.
Months later, his lawyers shared pictures of Fought's injuries with Newswatch 16 to show what they look like now. We blurred them some because they were so graphic.
ALLEGED K-9 ATTACK: Man files lawsuit against city of #WilkesBarre and police department. His lawyer shared pictures of injuries with @WNEP pic.twitter.com/DK9HLJnmG1 — Carolyn Blackburne (@cblackburne) October 6, 2017
Fought's attorney, Kevin Mincey spoke to Newswatch 16 from Philadelphia over the phone.
“Right now he's dealing with the fact that he's permanently disfigured,” Mincey said of his client. “When you put your shirt on, you're taking a shower, and you can feel and see the aftereffects of this dog just chewing on his back,” Mincey said.
Court records show Fought had a lengthy criminal record.
In this case, Fought was charged with public drunkenness, disorderly conduct, and resisting arrest. A judge dismissed all of those charges on Thursday.
“He's looking for justice. He was essentially wrongfully accused, forced to go through the criminal justice system and he had to suffer the horrific injuries,” Mincey said.
Both the dog and K-9 officer are still on active duty.
We reached out to the city for a comment on this story, they said they cannot discuss pending litigation.
Hexane is a solvent present in volatile fraction of various plants such as guava, orange, and others. It is a hydrocarbon made of carbon and hydrogen. Hexane is an unbranched isomer (n-hexane), which exists in forms with different arrangements of atoms but with the same molecular weight. Hexanes are significant constituents of gasoline.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22574
Hexane is an organic solvent made from crude oil. It is used in various applications. Hexane contains a blend of hydrocarbons with six carbon atoms. It is widely used in the manufacture of industrial products. Two different types of hexane are available in the market: hexane-pure hexane and solvent-based hexane. Pure hexane is only used in laboratories, while, solvent-based hexane is extensively employed in several applications. Hexane is used to extract oil from seeds. This increases the cost of the process and also carries the risk of toxicity. An alternative substitute has been developed that helps extract oil from several seeds by using sodium hydroxide and methanol. This process has been implemented with considerable success in soya bean seeds. The only drawback related to this process is the moisture content. Moisture content is the only drawback related to this process. High moisture content results in excess utilization of methanol in order to extract oil from seeds.
Solvent-based hexane; is used to extract vegetable oils from crops such as soybeans, cottonseed, rape seed, mustard seed, and safflower seed, etc. Solvent-chemical hexane is also widely used as cleaning agent in textile, printing, furniture and leather industries. It is also employed in various consumer products including glues, gasoline, rubber, and cement. Several properties of hexane are hazardous to human beings, excess inhalation may result in weakness, numbness, blurred vision, headache, and fatigue. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA); has set a permissible exposure limit (PEL) of 500 ppm for hexane to protect the health of several workers engaged in hexane production facilities across the globe. However, hexane has certain beneficial properties. For instance, it is used in the removal of unwanted taste and odor. This is anticipated to drive the demand for hexane in the edible oil industry, as hexane is used in the manufacturing of several grades of cooking oils. Rising population coupled with increasing demand for refined oil, for cooking purposes is estimated to boost the demand for hexane in the near future.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hexane-market.html
In terms of production and consumption, countries is Asia Pacific, especially, China dominates the global hexane market. Asia Pacific has been a lucrative market for the production and distribution of hexane in countries such as China, Japan, and India .Therefore, several manufacturers in Europe and North America are shifting their production facilities to Asia Pacific owing to the availability of skilled labor at affordable rates. The hexane market in North America and Europe is expected to expand at a rapid pace owing to the high demand for rubber products used in the automotive industries.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vile Nazi posters were put up in Cambridge in a sinister threat to the city's main anti-racist group.
The posters, believed to be the work of a neo-Nazi group, were put up where anti-racists gathered to board buses for a rally in London.
Intimidating
One poster had an image of someone being beaten up, and a claim that they would remember the faces and names of 'traitors' - clearly designed to intimidate the protestors.
The posters were put up on signposts and trees on grass behind Queens' College where a bus picked up anti-racists who joined thousands of protesters across Europe on Saturday (March 17) in marking United Nations Anti-Racism Day.
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
The coach, organised by Cambridge Stand Up to Racism, was seen off on by Cambridge MP Daniel Zeichner who stressed the importance of standing up against racism in the light of a rise in hate crime and of the revival of the far right across Europe.
He praised the important work activists are doing in giving the vast anti racist majority of the population the confidence to reject bigotry.
Neo-Nazis
The tiny Neo-Nazi group System Resistance have claimed responsibility for the posters as well as for the swastikas and Nazi graffiti left at the departure points of many others Stand Up to Racism coaches around the country.
A spokesman for Cambridge Unite Against Fascism said “This the work of a tiny, hate-filled Nazi gang. However, in the current climate of increasing racist attacks, Islamophobia and scapegoating of refugees, it is not something we can simply ignore.
"A simple look across to mainland Europe will show that, if unopposed, Fascism can grow and establish itself in the mainstream of political life”.
Mr Zeichner added: "It's important that we all unite against racism and show that this type of Fascist hate does not represent the people of Cambridge."
WITH the July school holidays officially in full swing in Queensland, Marvel has released the sequel to Ant-Man.
Evangeline Lilly suits up alongside Paul Rudd this time around as The Wasp as her character Hope van Dyne searches for her long-lost mother.
Also out this week is the canine comedy Show Dogs, which has courted controversy, and a period drama about the events which inspired British author Mary Shelley to write Frankenstein.
Here are this week's highlights of the big screen and why you should see them:
Ant-Man and The Wasp (PG)
Ant Man and the Wasp trailer: Ant-Man sequel is a screwball comedy with state-of-the-art visuals.
As Scott Lang balances being both a superhero and a father, Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym present an urgent new mission that finds the Ant-Man fighting alongside The Wasp to uncover secrets from their past.
Why you should see it: Paul Rudd still has all the charm and sarcasm as Scott Lang/Ant-Man as the first film. Evangeline Lilly is a more than capable sidekick, but it feels like she could have been a bit more complex. Read the review.
Mary Shelley (PG)
Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin's family is horrified when she elopes with poet Percy Shelley, accompanied by her half-sister Claire. While staying in the home of Lord Byron at Lake Geneva, the guests are challenged to write a ghost story, which leads Mary to conceive her classic novel Frankenstein.
Why you should see it: Elle Fanning puts in a powerful performance as the tradition-bucking author. Queensland screenwriter Emma Jensen has penned a beautiful and intimate script, but the film could do with some faster pacing. Read the interview with Jensen.
Show Dogs (PG)
Max, a macho, solitary Rottweiler police dog is ordered to go undercover as a primped show dog in a prestigious dog show, along with his human partner, to avert a disaster from happening.
Why you should see it: This cliched comedy will entertain the little ones with its canine hijinks but that's about it.
Continuing
Sicario: Day of the Soldado (MA 15+)
Sicario: Day of the Soldado trailer: Josh Brolin stars in this action sequel.
The drug war on the US-Mexico border has escalated as the cartels have begun trafficking terrorists across the US border. To fight the war, federal agent Matt Graver re-teams with the mercurial Alejandro.
Why you should see it: This sequel leaves the men to get down and dirty. While it may lack some of the twists of its predecessor, it's bloody and thrilling viewing. Read the review.
Adrift (M)
Adrift trailer: Adrift, starring Shailene Woodley, takes you as close to the eye of a cyclone as you want to get.
A young woman sails into the eye of a hurricane to save the man she loves.
Why you should see it: This film is an awe-inspiring mix of survival drama and romance featuring an impressive performance by Shailene Woodley. Read the review.
Hotel Transylvania 3: Monster Vacation (PG)
Mavis surprises Dracula with a family voyage on a luxury Monster Cruise and the rest of Drac's Pack cannot resist going along. But once they leave port, romance arises when Dracula meets the mysterious ship Captain, Ericka. Now it's Mavis' turn to play the overprotective parent.
Why you should see it: Expect more of the same family-friendly monster humour as Adam Sandler and the gang reunite for a third outing, this time playing on cruising clichés. Read the interview with Fran Drescher.
Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom (M)
Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom trailer: Chris Pratt again stars in one of the most anticipated movies of 2018.
When the island's dormant volcano begins roaring to life, Owen and Claire mount a campaign to rescue the remaining dinosaurs from this extinction-level event.
Why you should see it: There is so much action packed into this sequel to the franchise reboot, Jurassic World, that you'll certainly get your money's worth of sharp teeth and claws, chase scenes and dino-on-dino showdowns. The plot's a bit far-fetched though, so make sure to bring your imagination. Read the review.
Brothers' Nest (MA 15+)
Brothers Nest: Long awaited follow-up film from the director of Kenny.
Two brothers arrive at the family home intent on murdering their stepfather Roger. Terry and Jeff's motive is simple: killing their step-dad will render their dying Mother's plan to change her will in his favour redundant.
Why you should see it: Clayton Jacobson directs and stars alongside his brother Shane in this dark comedy about family loyalties and deep-seated sibling rivalries. It's a welcomed reunion of the duo, 12 years after the success of Kenny. Read the review.
Incredibles 2 (PG)
Incredibles 2 trailer: Holly Hunter returns as Elastigirl in Pixar sequel.
Bob Parr (Mr Incredible) is left to care for Jack-Jack while Helen (Elastigirl) is out saving the world.
Why you should see it: It's been 14 long years since The Incredibles made their debut, and won two Oscars, but the wait has been worth it with returning director Brad Bird hitting all the right marks in this sequel. Read the review.
Upgrade (MA 15+)
Upgrade trailer: Aussie made sci-fi thriller.
When Grey, a self-identified technophobe, has his world turned upside down, his only hope for revenge is an experimental computer chip implant called Stem.
Why you should see it: This great Aussie sci-fi thriller punches well above its weight and budget and is a refreshing change from the CGI blockbusters dominating our screens. Read the interview with director Leigh Whannell.
Tag (M)
Tag trailer: Based on a true story of a group of friends that have been playing tag for over 30 years.
A small group of former classmates organize an elaborate, annual game of tag that requires some to travel all over the country.
Why you should see it: While this adults-only, crude comedy is the latest in a string of such films Hollywood has been pumping out lately, it's rather funny.
Even though BJP members were in support of the Air India privatisation, party member Shatrughan Sinha voiced his opposition to the plan. Photo: AFP
New Delhi: A parliamentary panel meet on Monday on Air India privatisation plan witnessed sharp differences of opinion among ruling and opposition members over the move even as Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) member Shatrughan Sinha is believed to have opposed the decision to privatise the national carrier.
The committee, headed by Trinamool Congress leader Derek O' Brien, convened the meeting to hear representatives of Air India employees' unions as well as officials of various Air India subsidiaries on the proposed divestment of the airline. The meeting of the parliamentary standing committee on transport, tourism and culture that began at around 2.30pm lasted for more than three hours.
A Lok Sabha member said there were sharp differences of opinion among the BJP and non-BJP members at the meeting. All the trade unions strongly opposed the decision to privatise Air India, while some members wanted to know why profitable ventures like Air India Express are being sold, he added.
Another person who was present at the meeting said there were differences of opinion among the members, with some supporting and others opposing the disinvestment of Air India. Even though BJP members were in support of the Air India disinvestment decision, party member Shatrughan Sinha voiced his opposition to the plan, the person said on condition of anonymity.
A BJP MP from Bihar, Sinha has been critical of certain government decisions in recent times. According to the person quoted earlier, a Congress member stressed that Air India is a must to maintain a balance with the private players. People in the know said 14 employee unions of Air India, both recognised and unrecognised, attended the meeting.
Besides, stating that stakeholders were consulted before deciding on Air India stake sale, the unions also flagged concerns about job security, retirement benefits and pending dues in case of privatisation, they added. There were differences of opinion among various members, a person who was present at the meeting said, adding that it was likely the last meet of the panel on the Air India issue.
When asked about the meeting, Derek O' Brien only said it was long and was for around three-and-a-half hours. Senior officials of the airline's subsidiaries — Air India Express, Air India Engineering Services Ltd (AIESL), Air India Air Transport Services Ltd (AIATSL), Alliance Air and Hotel Corporation of India were present.
Among others, Air India Express CEO K. Shyam Sundar and AIESL CEO H.R. Jagannath attended the meeting. The cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) gave its in-principle nod for the strategic disinvestment of Air India in June this year.
The government is working on the modalities for the stake sale. The carrier, which has a debt burden of more than Rs50,000 crore, managed to eke out operational profit for the first time in a decade in 2015-16.
HOW MUCH broadband do you need? In the last month, more of us than ever have flirted with streaming TV services like Amazon Prime and Netflix, yet the regulator Ofsted says more than a million homes are still unable to get what it considers a decent internet signal.
Exactly what constitutes “decent” is a movable feast, and is likely to rise exponentially the moment you buy a new TV or other video device. That's because you'll want to try out the smart apps that likely came with it, and in ultra high definition, if possible.
Streaming TV pictures in standard definition eats up around a gigabyte of data every hour - around 40GB a month for an average user. Once you move up to HD, you increase that threefold, and when you try to stream UHD, you're looking at 7GB an hour and 120GB a month.
The monthly figures are important only if you pay for a capped broadband service, because your allowance could be gone in a week, if you're not careful. But the hourly usage is down to the quality of your connection.
Bear in mind that if you have a house full of children or teenagers, your own internet use will likely be the tip of a rather large iceberg, and if your connection has to contend with their visits to YouTube, Facebook and goodness knows where else while you try to watch Netflix, you're going to spend half your evening watching a spinning “buffering” symbol.
Streaming lots of video really needs a fibre-optic connection, and if there's still time to make a new year's resolution, you could do worse than making this the year you re-evaluate the way you get online.
Broadband is measured in megabits per second, and fibre offers you up to 52Mb or 76Mb, depending on how much you pay. Either way, it's much faster than any standard deal. Virgin's cable broadband is speedier still, at up to 200Mb on the most expensive contracts, but you have to live on a street bypassed by one of their cables.
It's a myth that fibre broadband is available only in built-up areas, but it does help if your house is within a few hundred yards of one of the BT roadside cabinets that join the wider network to the local telegraph poles and underground ducts. This last leg of the circuit relies not on fibre-optics but on old-fashioned copper wires, which slow the signal dramatically. The longer the distance, the greater the speed loss.
You also need to pay some attention to the speed at which the signal is distributed within your home. A modern router, which you should have if you've upgraded your broadband in the last year or two, will give you wireless speeds of five gigahertz, rather than the older 2.4GHz standard, and you'll also get faster wired connectivity.
Assuming you are outside Virgin's cabled area, the best deals are likely to be from Plusnet, Sky, EE and perhaps John Lewis. A less familiar name, the Doncaster-based Origin Broadband, is also worth considering. Factoring in the BT phone line rental you will have to pay, irrespective of supplier, and leaving aside any introductory offers, a little over £30 a month is where you should aim.
Take into account your expected use next year as well as now - because broadband, like chocolate and money, is something you can never have too much of - and no matter how much you do have, it will soon be too little.
Former Infosys CFO V. Balakrishnan said legal issues decided based on merits and not individual's emotions. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Bengaluru: Former Infosys chief financial officer V. Balakrishnan on Monday said it was not a matter of the whistleblower's emotions, but of legality for the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to decide on denying the company's consent plea in connection with former CFO Rajiv Bansal's severance payment case.
“The whistleblower has said whatever he wants to say as per his viewpoint. These are legal issues decided based on merits and not individual's emotions. What Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a regulator thinks and decides is all that matters,” Balakrishnan told PTI here. Earlier this year, a whistleblower had written to the market regulator over alleged lapses in the Panaya deal and Bansal's severance pay.
The letter had stated that the package was decided by the then CEO Vishal Sikka and then general counsel David Kennedy. The whistle-blower had asked why Infosys was reluctant in disclosing answers surrounding the “hush money.” While it is a norm for companies to settle cases via the backdoor, it should not be allowed this time and Sebi should prosecute both the board and management, he said in the letter.
The whistleblower had argued that a settlement was similar to a “backdoor agreement,” and if Infosys is allowed to do so, then “no whistleblower in future will take the pain to expose any malpractices in the corporate sector.” “The whistle-blower may strongly feel about the issues he had raised the regulator will follow the due legal process and decide,” Balakrishnan reiterated. The letter has brought allegations of poor corporate governance to the fore again after Infosys filed an application for settlement.
This has spurred Balakrishnan and another former CFO T.V. Mohandas Pai to launch an attack against the company, whose board is now led by co-founder Nandan Nilekani. Balakrishnan has demanded the resignation of board members, Roopa Kudva and Ravi Venkatesan in the matter.
On Sunday, board member Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw had exchanged barbs with Pai on Twitter, saying, “The matters were reinvestigated (a)n(d) no wrong doings were found by new Chairman. Let's bring this to a closure and move on It helps no one.” Earlier this week, Infosys had submitted a settlement application to Sebi with regard to issues surrounding the severance package of Bansal.
The company had said it wanted to resolve allegations that the severance payment was decided without seeking prior consent from the audit committee and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. On Sunday, Mohandas Pai had disapproved whistleblower's demand asking Sebi to prosecute the IT giant's management and the Board.
He had also said Infosys' move to settle with Sebi the alleged disclosure lapses involving a severance pact is “perfectly fine.” Infosys had decided to pay Rs17.38 crore as severance payment to the then CFO Bansal in 2015. However, it only paid Rs5 crore to him, holding back Rs12 crore.
Golden West Dolphins Swimming Club eight-year-old rocket Ella Larkman shot through the water to win the first State Championship gold in the club's history.
The Australind swimmer won the 50m breaststroke at the WA Hancock Prospecting Junior Long Course State Swimming Championships.
At HBF Stadium in Perth from April 13 to 15, more than 550 swimmers took to the water, with Ella also claiming fourth in the 100m breaststroke.
Ella's mum Katrina Larkman said Ella started competitive swimming following her sister and had taken to it straight away.
“She started because she was sitting there all day watching her big sister swim,” she said.
“She just picked it up and loves swimming and everything really.”
Larkman said she had been competing only for a year but had swum in competitions across WA and was ranked 7th in her age group in Australia.
“She can swim all four strokes competitively but breaststroke is her favourite,” she said.
Ella has also raced in the Country Pennants in Kalgoorlie and in a few weeks will make the trip to compete in Geraldton.
At the club's awards night at the Leschenault Pavilion on May 5, Ella was awarded the Outstanding Junior Dolphin for the Year.
“Ella trains all year round, three nights per week and loves her swimming,” Larkham said.
“She sets her standards high and works hard to achieve her goals.
“We are super proud and ecstatic that she won her gold medal to become the State champion and we can see how far she has come in such a short time.”
MASON COUNTY — Pleasant Valley Hospital in Point Pleasant, West Virginia, is the only hospital in the region to earn an “A” rating from The Leapfrog Group in the newest release of Hospital Safety Grades.
As an A-rated hospitals by this national non-profit health care ratings organization, Pleasant Valley Hospital is ranked among the safest hospitals in the United States. Only 832 hospitals in the U.S. received an A-ranking.
“We are so proud of these scores, as they reflect the hard work and dedication of our staff. It is extremely difficult to earn the A rating, so this recognition is very meaningful to our team and us. Pleasant Valley Hospital is a quality organization because that is what the people in our community deserve. It is our responsibility and privilege to help our community live healthier and happier. This achievement speaks to our hospital's culture of safety and unwavering dedication to providing the very best patient care,” stated Glen Washington, FACHE, CEO, of Pleasant Valley Hospital.
The Leapfrog Group assigns letter grades of A, B, C, D and F to hospitals across the nation based on their performance in preventing medical errors, infections and other harms.
“It takes consistent, unwavering dedication to patients to achieve the highest standards of patient safety. An ‘A' Safety Grade recognizes hospitals for this accomplishment,” said Leah Binder, president and CEO of The Leapfrog Group. “We congratulate the clinicians, board, management and staff of Pleasant Valley Hospital for showing the country what it means to put patient safety first.”
Developed under the guidance of a Blue Ribbon National Expert Panel, the Leapfrog Hospital Safety Grade uses 27 measures of publicly available hospital safety data to assign A, B, C, D and F grades to more than 2,600 U.S. hospitals twice per year. It is calculated by top patient safety experts, peer reviewed, fully transparent and free to the public.
To learn more, visit www.hospitalsafetygrade.org.
Submitted by Pleasant Valley Hospital.
MARION, N.C. (AP) - Dam in western North Carolina that prompted evacuation as storm Alberto passed is deemed safe; evacuation order canceled.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
So farewell then, John Terry. For real this time.
Everyone's favourite fist-pumping, boot-heading force of captaining, leading and legending masculinity will depart Chelsea at the end of the season , leaving behind plenty of happy memories. And sad ones. And angry ones. And funny ones. And pretty much everything in between.
Terry has undoubtedly been Mr Chelsea during 19 seasons in the Blues first-team, and whatever your opinion of him you have to admit that he's been an outstanding centre-back during that time.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Reuters)
"His time" has also been very eventful too, with plenty of highs and lows.
Like this lot, for starters.
Best
Captaining the Blues for the first time
He wouldn't become the full-time Chelsea captain until 2004, but Terry's first step towards the status he'd go on to relish came when he was given the armband in a game against Charlton in 2001, which he spoke about when given control of the Blues' official Instagram account last year.
Presumably this was the moment that that piece of elastic fused together with Terry's skin, knowing that they would be together forever one day.
Roman Abramovich buying Chelsea
(Photo: Getty)
The Russian billionaire's decision to purchase the Blues in 2003 suddenly changed everything on the Chelsea horizon, with challenging for honours now expected rather than just hoped for.
It had a big impact on Terry too, with the defender going from calling the likes of Enrique de Lucas, Winston Bogarde and Mario Stanic his teammates in 2002/03, to sharing a dressing room with Claude Makelele, Hernan Crespo, Juan Sebastian Veron and Joe Cole the following year.
The modern Chelsea was born.
Meeting Jose Mourinho
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
So you want to become one of the very best centre-backs in Europe, and be regarded as one of the best in Premier League history then do you John? Well, meet Jose.
Chelsea's appointment of Mourinho in 2004 began an unprecedented era of success in the club's history, with Terry acting as the rock upon which that success was built as he gradually became one of the very best at what he does in Europe.
Getting booted in the face by Abou Diaby
(Photo: PA)
Yes, this is in the right category, trust us.
Getting booted in the face is never nice for anyone, but when Arsenal's Abou Diaby kicked Terry in the face in the 2007 League Cup final it provided the Blues skipper with the chance to prove to us what we now all take for granted. That he is as hard as nails.
Despite going off, he still returned later to join in with the celebrations after Didier Drogba scored the winner.
He probably drank everyone under the table, too.
That whole full kit thing
Cringey? Yeah. Funny? Definitely. But just a little bit brilliant? Of course.
JT getting into his full kit in Munich might be something which he'll be remembered for by rival fans for years and years, but be honest now. You'd have done the same, wouldn't you?
Worst
Losing to Liverpool in the 2005 Champions League semi-final
(Photo: REUTERS/Ian Hodgson)
At least that's according to the man himself, who wrote in his book:
"Everybody assumed we would beat them in the Champions League semi-finals. They were supposed to be just another stepping stone on our route to Istanbul. No one was really talking about the Champions League being Liverpool's destiny yet.
"If anything, most people thought it was our year.
"We were the ones who had beaten Barcelona and Bayern Munich. We had knocked out the favourites. We were steaming along. We felt unstoppable. We had the best players. We had the best manager. It was our year. Not someone else's.
"But at 80 minutes I started to panic and when I saw the clock going to 88 minutes, my eyes started filling up with tears.
"I wanted to run straight back down the tunnel when the final whistle went."
What might have been, eh?
*That* slip in the 2008 Champions League final
(Photo: Shaun Botterill)
Imagine the scenario.
All you've got to do is find the net from 12 yards to make the club - YOUR club - the kings of Europe for the very first time. Just put it in, John. Just knock it... oh.
It hasn't helped that Manchester United fans have been singing about it pretty much ever since, either.
The whole Wayne Bridge affair
(Photo: Getty)
Hmm, yeah, not good all this was it?
Claims that Terry had had an affair with teammate Wayne Bridge's girlfriend came to light when Bridge refused to shake his hand before a Chelsea v Man City game in 2010, causing huge embarrassment for all concerned.
Terry eventually lost the England captaincy over it all, while Bridge ended up with Frankie out of The Saturdays.
The Anton Ferdinand case
There was an even bigger spat on the horizon in 2011, when Terry was accused of racially abusing QPR's Anton Ferdinand during a clash at Loftus Road.
After the case rumbled on and on, he was eventually banned for four games and fined £220,000, with his England place effectively becoming untenable after he was stripped of the captaincy for a second time, leading to Fabio Capello resigning.
Being sent off in Barcelona
While the final in Munich would prove to be one of his greatest nights when he didn't actually do anything, things would have been so different if Terry had behaved differently in the semi-final in Barcelona.
Quite what persuaded him to thrust his knee into the back of Alexis Sanchez only he knows, but it was very weird and very costly.
As is pretty evident though, its never dull with JT.
A group of talented North Yorkshire youngsters hailed as the new McFly are set to complete an amazing transformation from rehearsing in one of their parents's bedrooms to the exciting world of screaming girls and million-selling records.
The big step forward for :PM, made up of five musicians from Harrogate, Ripon and Knaresborough, came recently when they signed to Marshall Arts Live agency of London and Los Angeles.
In truth, however, these young veterans, three of who first met at Ripon Grammar School, have already experienced the screaming girls side of potential superstardom.
Lead singer Dan Reynard said this cheeky and energetic pop band had had an unexpectedly great time on their recent tour of girls schools in England.
“The crowds at girls schools are are so enthusiastic. Since we've never released any recorded music, they shouldn't know who we are.
“But they all go online before the gig and search for anything they can find about us.
“When we get on stage they go absolutely mental. I can't tell you how crazy they are.
“The band has played at big festivals before but it's nothing compared to playing a roomful of screaming girls.”
Such is their meteroic rise, :PM found their debut single Grown Ups unleashed recently with an exclusive launch to 1.7 million visitors on the Metro website in London.
With reviews including praise such as “an undeniable pop smash with captivating guitar riffs and a crowd-favourite chorus” it looks like the days of relying on, partly at least, on family and friends are in the past for :PM, though the band itself remain grateful for all the support they've had.
Dan said: “All our family and friends are very close. The band is a tight unit.
Everyone had been so supportive of us from the beginning. No one's been jealous.
“Our first rehearsal space was in a spare bedroom at drummer Alex's parents' house.
“It was small but atmospheric in there. We'd paint PM all over the walls and blast out music for a good few hours every day.”
Despite being pushed by big-time players in the industry as “charming northern mischief makers”, the band say they are themselves at all times.
Dan said: “Any personality you see in the band is totally real and so is our music.
“We don't take ourselves too seriously. We're just kids who want to play music.”
Dan and the rest of the band - bassist Joe Morley, drummer Alex Boulton, and guitarists Josh Stockdale and Harry Yates - seemed destined from success almost from the start.
But it would be a mistake to assume the band have make no sacrifices along the way.
There's been no career paths, university places or a year off travelling for :PM.
Not that Dan is complaining.
He said: “We all know of friends having a good time at university or going round the world.
“But it's never even entered our minds to do anything else but the band. When we first started to play it became quickly apparent that this was what we wanted to do.
“We don't care about getting a job that pays well. When you're on stage playing music there's no better feeling in the world.”
Toronto's police chief explained why his officers showed professional restraint when arresting a suspect who killed nearly a dozen pedestrian on Monday. That's in stark contrast to American cops who, all too often, use lethal force as a first choice–especially when the suspect is a Black man.
See Also: Why Can't Cops Recognize A Gun? Another Unarmed Black Man Is Killed
The suspect, 25-year-old Alek Minassian, was expected to appear in court on Tuesday morning. He's accused of deliberately driving a rental van onto the sidewalk of a busy downtown Toronto street and running over pedestrians, killing 10 people and injuring 15 others.
NEW: Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders recounts deadly van attack that left ten people dead today. "It looks intentional." https://t.co/eSeW0Q1tz7 pic.twitter.com/yUdYDPjYr8 — World News Tonight (@ABCWorldNews) April 24, 2018
Video footage showed Minassian in a tense standoff with the police after his damaged vehicle stopped. He reached toward his pants pocket and extended one arm, appearing to point an object that could have been a gun at an officer. The cop, with his weapon drawn and pointed at Minassian, stepped slowly toward him and yelled, “Get down, get down.” The encounter ended nonviolently, with the suspect in handcuffs.
This is Toronto suspect Alek Minassian moments after he mowed down a crowd of people, pointing what police have to assume is a gun. And he's still alive. And he wasn't shot. Stark difference between how Canadian and U.S. police respond. pic.twitter.com/fnLF8NjFD6 — Marc and 743 others (@QuestionMarcs) April 24, 2018
Later, reporters asked police Chief Mark Saunders how his officers made the arrest without shooting the suspect.
He gave the perfect answer: “It's directly related to the high caliber training that takes place,” Saunders said. “The officers here are taught to use as little force as possible in any given situation.”
That's quite different from the United States, where lethal force is justified if cops claim that they feared for their lives or believed in their mind that the person was armed.
The case of Saheed Vassell is a prime example. Four officers — one in uniform, three in plainclothes — killed 34-year-old Vassell in a hail of 10 bullets April 4 on a Brooklyn sidewalk. The officers responded to calls about a Black man with a gun. But it turned out that Vassell, who reportedly suffered from bipolar disorder, was holding a pipe. No firearm was found at the scene.
Surveillance video showed that the cops shot him dead within seconds of exiting their vehicles. They didn't warn him to drop the object or use any de-escalation alternatives to lethal force, according to witnesses.
SEE ALSO:
Here's Why Kanye West Joined The Cult Of Donald Trump
Waffle House Shooter Held On Bond While Countless Black People Are Denied Bail For Nonviolent Crimes
Info Edge's total income, however, increased 19.7% to Rs263.1 crore for the fourth quarter of 2017-18 as against Rs219.7 crore in the year-ago period
New Delhi: Info Edge, which owns online job portal Naukri.com, on Wednesday reported a net loss of Rs13.7 crore on a standalone basis for the quarter ended March 2018.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs32.8 crore in the year-ago period, Info Edge said in a BSE filing.
The company's total income, however, increased 19.7% to Rs263.1 crore for the fourth quarter of 2017-18 as against Rs219.7 crore in the year-ago period, it added.
For the full financial year 2017-18, Info Edge's net profit stood at Rs500.9 crore (against a loss of Rs42.6 crore), while total income was up about 11% to Rs1,077 crore from Rs970.4 crore in financial year 2016-17 on a consolidated basis.
“We have ended the year with a strong growth of 36.6% year-on-year in net cash from operations. It is encouraging to see the rebound of growth in 99acres.com in the second half of FY18. The Billings of 99acres.com in Q3 and Q4 grew 54% and 43%, respectively y-o-y with the cash breakeven,” Info Edge CFO Chintan Thakkar said.
Info Edge (India) Ltd also runs Jeevansathi.com, 99acres.com and Shiksha.com as well as Quadrangle (an offline executive search business).
Apart from this, Info Edge has also invested into emerging internet companies like Zomato, Meritnation, Policybazaar, Canvera and Happily Unmarried. With its headquarters in Noida, the company employs around 4,000 people and has a presence in India, Dubai, Riyadh, Abu Dhabi and Bahrain.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The agent of Arsenal striker Lucas Perez is 'hopeful' a deal can be struck for the Spaniard to return to Deportivo La Coruna.
Out-of-favour forward Perez arrived at the Emirates last summer from the Liga side but made only 11 appearances in the Premier League in his first season in london.
The 28-year-old is desperate for a move away to reignite his career, with Deportivo his preferred destination.
And his representative, Rodrigo Fernandez Lovelle, believes the offer his ex-club have made is a 'great deal' for the Gunners.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
He told Sky Sports: "I think the £10.9m that Deportivo have offered is a great deal. Deportivo received £12.7m when they sold him to them last summer.
"They are giving everything to make this transfer possible. Lucas wants to play but he has a contract with Arsenal.
"I am hopeful an agreement can be reached."
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Police have arrested a Utah woman believed to be the pajama-wearing robber in at least six bank robberies in the Salt Lake City area, including five in less than two hours on Saturday morning.
Unified police Lt. Brian Lohrke (LOHR'-key) said Monday that 40-year-old Nannette Perkins was arrested Sunday at her Taylorsville home after Salt Lake City police received a tip about her identity.
Lohrke says the robber did little to hide her appearance.
She wore pajama bottoms, eyeglasses and a blue bandanna over dark hair in a ponytail while allegedly robbing banks in Cottonwood Heights, Salt Lake City, Sandy, Holliday and West Valley City.
Advertisement
Lohrke says he doesn't know what Perkins was wearing when she was arrested.
She's being held at the Salt Lake County jail pending an initial court appearance.
Delhi: To mark the 103rd birth anniversary of 'Mallika-e-Ghazal' Begum Akhtar, Google on Saturday dedicated a special doodle to her.
It sees her playing sitar at the centre, with fans all around applauding her art.
To speak more on the same, Google took to its blog to write, today is Begum Akhtar`s 103rd birthday.
Born on October 7, 1914, she was a renowned Indian singer of Ghazal, Dadra, and Thumri genres of Hindustani classical music. She went on to receive the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for vocal music and was also awarded Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan (posthumously) by the Indian Government.
She is regarded as one of the most veteran and revered Ghazal singers in India and has thus been given the moniker, of Mallika-e-Ghazal.
Well, on the occasion of this auspicious day, Google has kept her as the doodle of the day.
Her journey in the world of music began in a salon in Lucknow as a young teenager - put up by her mother Mushtari bai, also a tawaif and soon within a short span of time, she became an artiste to reckon with.
She became so famous for her musical prowess that only the distinguished were allowed entry to her mehfils.
At a tender age, she dabbled with many creative career options right from acting in theatre in the 1920s in Kolkata, (mostly as a villain) to having a short stint in films as a songstress and an actor.
She, later on, went in for a socially accepted life, when she tied the knot with barrister Ishtiaq Ahmed Abbasi, following which she went onto become the Mallika-e-Ghazal we all know her as, today.
Having gone through a lot of pain and struggle in her early years, many believed that the veteran Ghazal singer got so addicted to it that she would often feel restless without sadness in the later part of her life.
That is what perhaps also explains why she always chose poetry-through-ghazal as her selected form of musical expression. She was the pioneer of this genre and paved the way for many eminent artistes to follow such as Jigar Moradabadi, Kaifi Azmi and Shakeel Badayuni.
On this day, we indeed miss her melodious voice but find solace in the fact that she remains alive in the beautiful compositions that she left behind.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Over the weekend of 16-18 June, communities across Britain are set to stage more than 100,000 events to honour­ MP Jo Cox.
The Great Get Together will mark the first anniversary of her murder and was the idea of Jo's husband Brendan along with her friends and family.
It's set to be the biggest community­ event in the UK since the Diamond Jubilee.
Inspiration came from Jo's maiden speech to Parliament, when she said: “We have more in common and are far more united than that which divides us.”
The Big Lunch, which organises annual neighbourhood celebrations, has moved its event to coincide with the anniversary.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Organisations supporting The Great Get Together, include Help for Heroes, Amnesty International, the RNLI, the RSPB, the Scouts, the Guides, The Women's Institute and The Premier League.
A Get Together doesn't have to be anything big or fancy. It can be as simple and informal as a cup of tea with the neighbours. It's really just about people coming together to celebrate what we have in common.
(Photo: greatgettogether.org)
Here are 10 ideas to get you started... You'll find loads more ideas and resources on the website , including an activity guide for those of you that like some organised fun.
1. Hold a get together at work
Staff can vote on a theme and everyone could bring a dish from around the world for a team lunch get together. Or you could organise an activity like an ‘Office Olympics'.
It's still a get together even if you just set a time to all take a break from work and share a cup of tea with your colleagues.
2. Organise a community ‘Crufts'
Studies show dog owners are more likely to know their neighbours, so all the more reason to get your furry friends involved for a community version of Crufts.
You could hold it in your street, garden, local park or ant other dog friendly venue. Use props, like cones and hula hoops, or toys to create an obstacle course. Buy dog-friendly treats for prizes.
3. Get baking
If you're not able to host an event, you could always bake for your neighbours. It's a great way to connect with a neighbour you've not spoken to before. You could even make flapjacks for a local community group or bake a cake for the local football team.
4. Organise something sporty
You can plan a football game at your local park, or head inside at your local leisure centre for a tennis tournament. Make sure to get all of your guests involved. They could bring the football, the rounders bats, or some snacks to keep everyone's energy up for the fun and games.
5. Throw a street party
(Photo: greatgettogether.org)
Your street party can take place anywhere: in the road, a back garden, park, allotment, school or community centre. You might need to arrange for your road to be closed.
A bring-your-own picnic is a good option as it requires little preparation in advance, or you could ask everyone to bring one dish to share – that way you don't necessarily need to have confirmation of how many people are coming, as there is usually plenty of food to go round.
Local cafes, shops and businesses may be able to lend you things such as tables and chairs, donate food and drink or even donate prizes for a raffle.
6. Organise a veg swap
If you're green fingered, organise a plant or veg swap. All you need is a table with a sign on, and an optional donations pot. Hold a competition for the tallest sunflower and offer a prize for the best tasting homegrown veg. You could also decorate tables with flowers from your plot.
7. Host a coffee morning or an afternoon tea.
This can be really simple to organise as all you need are some neighbours and friends, tea, coffee and some cake. Ask as many or as few as you'd like. You could even ask them to bring their own cake and biscuits.
8. Organise a meal, picnic and barbecue
If you can't plan something big, why not keep it simple and organise something smaller? Sharing a meal can bring us so much closer together, so invite neighbours for lunch, have friends over for dinner, organise a picnic at your local park, or host a BBQ.
9. Turn an existing event into a get together
If you are already attending or hosting an event between June 16-18, why not turn it into a get together? It could be big or small, a street party or a BBQ with friends. All you need to do is sprinkle your existing event with some feel-good community spirit (and a little bit of gingham).
10. Attend an organised event
Want to join in, but can't arrange it yourself? There are plenty of events taking place around the country. Find out what's going on in your area .
Here are just a few of them...
Olympic Park
Head to Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in East London on Sunday for a giant picnic, live music and dancing, for the final event of The Great Get Together. The day will see African drumming, plus performances from Newham Community Choir and dancers from Sadler's Wells Theatre. There will also be a storytelling tent, arts and crafts, stilt walkers and circus performers. And you can enjoy egg and spoon races on a 60-metre track.
Bankside Great Get Together
Bankside Open Spaces Trust is hosting a massive street party in London, South East London on Sunday. Sponsored by Red Bull, it will feature a dog show, wacky races, a city farm, two music stages and an English village fete with maypole dancing. Refreshments will be provided at the Pimm's and gin tents.
Birmingham Cathedral
Birmingham Cathedral will host an #adove4Jo on Saturday, where paper doves made the local community will be hung from a tree in Cathedral Square. People, including local faith leaders from the Muslim and Jewish communities, will gather to sign a world map for countries people would like prayers for.
Yorkshire
Hundreds of events will be taking place across Jo's home county of Yorkshire over the weekend. English Heritage will be holding a picnic at beautiful Brodsworth Hall and Gardens, near Doncaster, on Saturday, while the RSPB will also be having at a picnic at their flagship St Aidan's reserve in Leeds on Saturday.
Manchester
On Friday, from 7-10pm here will be a community gathering with food, drink and live music, as well as an Iftar, in Cathedral Square, Manchester. The event will be in remembrance of Jo and the victims of the Manchester terrorist attacks and will be attended by Mayor, Andy Burnham.
Elsewhere...
On Saturday a Ferry Great Get Together will take place on the Mersey Ferry in Liverpool, while West Oxford Beer Festival will double as a Great Get Together.
And, on Sunday, a Medieval themed Big Lunch - ‘The Deep Fat Friar' - will happen in Coventry, and Cardiff Bay will play host to a live musical event featuring hundreds of singers, called Sing Water for Cardiff.
Share a beer with friends
(Photo: greatgettogether.org)
The Great Get Together Pale Ale has been created as a collective effort – the idea of an old friend of Brendan Cox, James Grudgeon, who runs social enterprise beer company The Good Beer Co.
The Great Get Together has teamed up with breweries across the country – Adnams, Arkells, Cliff Quay, Elgoods, Fullers, Harviestoun, Joseph Holts, Joules, J W Lees, Marstons, Palmers, St Austell, Theakstons, Thornbridge and Woodfordes, and The Good Beer Co – to create a 4.2% abv beer that is golden in colour with flavours of spice, orange peel and biscuit.
Simpsons malt donated the malt for the beer, Charles Faram contributed the hops, OI donated the glass for the bottles, Darley Labels covered the costs of labels and Colourscan gave the pump clips for the cask beer.
Profits from the Great Get Together Pale Ale go to the Jo Cox Foundation.
For stockists see www.greatgettogether.org/beer/ . Buy online from www.cellarandkitchen.adnams.co.uk .
Bear breaks all the rules by kissing on Celebs go
Is this the best TV episode cliffhanger of all ti
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson was happy, positive and making plans for the future, and had not retreated to a 'dark place', the late socialite's family have asserted.
In a statement released by the family this afternoon, the Palmer-Tomkinsons slammed reports Tara had been feeling down in the weeks before her death and said that, on the contrary, she had been playing her piano and writing music shortly before she passed away.
After paying tribute to the many fans who had been in touch with their loving messages, the family said in a statement that Tara had died peacefully in her sleep because of a perforated ulcer and peritonitis.
(Photo: PA)
"Those that knew and were close to Tara knew that there was no retreat to a 'dark place' as some have disappointingly sought to suggest," it went on.
"In the last few weeks Tara was happy, positive and making plans for when she recovered her health. As usual she had been busy with the friends and family she loved, and who loved her in return."
The statement continued: "She was in communication with her family and others of whom she was fond over her final weekend and had spent a lot of her time recording music and playing the piano in her apartment – a sure sign that she was happy and feeling good."
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
It added that Tara's private funeral will take place on February 27th and will be open to family and close friends only.
"We will miss Tara very much and will never forget the joy, love and humour she bought to our lives," her family added.
It comes after Tara's close friend Ivan Massow told This Morning that the former I'm A Celebrity star was facing "a lot of problems" at the time she was diagnosed with the brain tumour she told the public she had.
(Photo: Rex Features)
"She was facing a lot of problems ... one, it was very hard for her to stay off the drinking and things, and then there was lots of surgery around her mouth and bits and pieces - her nose kept giving her problems," he revealed last week.
"She was terribly conscious about that, and then there was this (tumour) on top ... so it was another worry."
He went on: "I hadn't seen her for over a month, and it's been hard to reach her.
(Photo: Alan Davidson)
"With people like this, you have to sort of let go with love ... you can't badger them."
Asked if he thought that she had returned to a "dark place", Ivan added: "Well, I know that every time I didn't hear from her, that's where she was."
Shan said in 2016 that the number of visitors to the Palace Museum had hit a record high, totaling 16 million, more than the visitors to the Louvre and the British Museum combined. In 2017, the museum put a cap on its number of visitors–80,000 per day.
More visiting space has been opened in recent years. In 2012, only 48 percent of the museum was open to the public. In 2014, that area was enlarged to 52 percent, and in 2015 it expanded to over 65 percent, Shan said. Last year, visitors could access more than 76 percent of the compound. By 2020, more than 80 percent of the Palace Museum compound will open to the public.
Shan said that the current price of museum tickets is not expensive. Peak season tickets are 60 RMB ($8.80), while off-peak tickets cost 40 RMB. These prices won't be raised, he emphasized.
In order to better protect and manage cultural relics, Shan has reiterated on many occasions that the museum hopes to be recognized as a world cultural heritage site.
In January 2017, the “antiques hospital,” the museum's repair and restoration workshop, was opened to the public. The workshop is equipped with 200 trained employees and boasts advanced facilities. Objects there are treated with as much care and respect as actual patients are in a hospital.
The Palace Museum's Taobao store, home to a number of cultural and creative products, has become a hot topic on the internet. Statistics show that more than 9,170 distinctive cultural creative products and accessories had been launched by the end of 2016.
This article was originally published in the Global Times.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It felt like a good idea to keep a safe distance from David Artell as he gave his post-match interview on Monday.
Though the manager's words were as well-chosen and thoughtful as ever, there was an aura of anger which suggested there would be no need ask searching questions to extract revealing answers.
He didn't hold back.
In five minutes and 41 seconds, surely the shortest debrief the articulate boss has provided since taking over, he left no-one under any illusions as to what he thought of the 3-0 defeat to Yeovil Town.
Describing the performance and result as ‘the worst' so far under his leadership, he questioned the attitude and application of many of his men.
And he apologised to the 154 supporters who had made the long trip to Somerset to see what was a miserable reverse.
Then, seething, he stomped off to board the coach for a journey which didn't get him and the squad back to South Cheshire until after 10.30pm.
It's hard to blame him for being frustrated.
As a former old school centre-half, who made a career out of giving 100% and being committed and resolute in defence, it must be gut-wrenching to watch a team which has conceded six goals from set-play situations in the last two away games.
“We worked on (defending set-pieces) all last week on it, all week,” he said, with the only hint of an ironic smile we saw from him on the edge of the pitch near the dugouts at Huish Park.
“Defending crosses, defending your box, heading it, desire to get on the end of it.
“They are just cheap goals. Just cheap, cheap goals. If we don't cut it out this club's not going to move forward.”
He's not wrong.
All their pretty football – Crewe played some excellent stuff at times – is futile if they can't get the basics right.
In addition to the familiar Achilles heel while defending, there was a stark lack of penetration at the other end which meant the Glovers kitman could simply put keeper Jonny Maddison's strip back on the peg for this weekend.
It was a bad day at the office and, while they should be clear from danger, the fact a side as poor as Yeovil have leapfrogged Crewe in the standings should send its own message to all at Gresty Road.
Positives were few, but homegrown youngsters Perry Ng and Callum Ainley impressed on their recalls to the starting line-up. Their places should be safe for the visit of Leyton Orient.
The sports law expert will join Rappler to discuss the repercussions of the bench-clearing brawl between the Philippines and Australia
Published 9:35 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – The Philippines made international headlines last Monday, July 2, when a brutal scuffle erupted between Gilas Pilipinas and Australia during the 2019 FIBA World Cup qualifier match at the Philippine Arena in Bulacan.
As FIBA starts its probe, sports lawyer Mickey Ingles will discuss the repercussions and possible penalties the sport's world governing body can slap on both teams.
Tune in on Thursday, July 5, at 6 pm.
Ignatius Michael "Mickey" Ingles is an associate in The Law Firm of Ingles Laurel & Calderon. He is also a full-time professor teaching Emerging Issues in Sports Law, Artificial Intelligence, Robots, and the Law, and Constitutional Law at the Ateneo Law School (ALS)
Ingles was the starting right winger of the 3-time UAAP men's football champion (2004-2006) team from Ateneo de Manila University. After graduating salutatorian in ALS, Ingles topped the Philippine Bar in 2012 and then obtained his L.L.M. from the Georgetown University Law Center in 2016. He is a licensed attorney in the Philipppines and New York. – Rappler.com
LONDON — When Richard Dennen was named Tatler's new editor-in-chief, he came into the role with a very clear idea of what the monthly glossy should stand for: It was to be “impossibly chic,” with a high dose of glamour, a nod to the past and a modern, more international outlook at what high society looks like today.
“What's really exciting in the 21st century is to have these old heritage brands and to be able to update them into something which is very modern and cool — and one of the cool things about Tatler is that it's so old and has this incredible heritage of culture, politics, high society and fashion,” said Dennen in an interview at his minimalist, all-white office at Vogue House. It's decorated with a poster of one of his favorite Tatler covers from the past, shot by Norman Parkinson.
Dennen, who studied at St. Andrews University at the same time as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and began his career at Tatler under Isabella Blow, is endlessly fascinated by the history of the magazine, which was founded in 1709 and is the oldest enduring title in the world. He calls it the original social media; “It was the original media platform that talked about the social world. I thought that says it all, that Tatler was doing it before anyone else,” he added.
For his first issue, which hits newsstands today with Nicole Kidman on the cover, he marries the past with his vision of the future.
Kidman — in a Giambattista Valli couture dress — makes a case for the enduring appeal of old Hollywood glamour. She features in a pared-back, barely airbrushed shot by Patrick Demarchelier, which mirrors the Parkinson image that sits behind Dennen's desk.
“One of the things that I felt strongly about was that Tatler had to have very recognizable faces on the cover to really take you in. And here's my favorite Hollywood actress, who has also been brilliant at playing an Englishwoman,” said Dennen. “That's not to say that we can't launch new people.” In that case, he said, they may have a bigger backstory. “It might be a new ‘It' girl. I like a mix.”
He applies the same mixed approach when it comes to the stories inside the magazine, which range from politics to couture to London's best members' clubs, in a bid to reflect the conversations taking place at high-society dinner tables. They're mainly about “Brexit and the new Annabel's,” according to Dennen.
“What's special about Tatler is that it can be about anything. It's got a shoe firmly planted in the fashion world, but it can also report on the most important developments in culture and politics. It's a magazine about people.”
In the first issue, Sunday Times of London writer Rod Liddle writes about being a Brexiteer in a Remainer world, while the heirs of the Anglo-American Astor family pose at their new Côte d'Azur mansion. Middle Eastern correspondent Bel Trew offers an insider account at what happened inside the Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh, when the hotel was used as a lavish prison last year for high-profile Saudis.
“I really wanted to know if those Princes were ordering room service,” said Dennen.
He said he wants his Tatler to employ wit in a sophisticated way and develop an aura of authority. “I feel strongly that you can get wit across in a really sophisticated way, and I think visual wit is really important. I didn't want it to be puerile, or silly but rather something beautiful that both a grandmother and granddaughter can pick up. So nothing rude,” he added.
Dennen is introducing men's content with his first issue, which features a men's wear shoot inspired by Rupert Everett's new film on Oscar Wilde, “The Happy Prince,” and an interview where Everett discusses gay relationships.
Elsewhere, he offers his take on today's young high society, which puts rugby stars like Maro Itoje and restaurateurs such as Ire Hassan-Odukale next to aristocrats, including Philippa Cadogan, also a new contributor to the title.
The days of assuming status through inheritance and posing in tweed in old mansions are over, according to Dennen: “In the 21st century, it's not just enough to be the great-grandchild of someone who was in Tatler before. We are a high-status magazine, but what I wanted to recognize is that we get status in many different ways today.”
As he establishes his vision for a more international Tatler, Dennen is also aiming to broaden the magazine's audience and rework the web site into a buzzy, stylish destination that keeps up to speed with the pace of the Internet. He started by reporting live on the royal wedding with his team earlier this month, giving readers the scoop on all things Meghan Markle — whom he claims to be obsessed with — but also on all the aristocratic wedding guests.
“I see that I actually edit two different publications. One is this beautiful print edition that sits around for a month, and the other is this very buzzy, bright, stylish web site that's much more fast-paced. It can grow to be a mix of high-society-meets-E-Entertainment, that's where we can go with online,” he added.
There should be Classic clues aplenty at Newmarket Racecourse's Craven Meeting this week.
We're on the live blog to keep you up to speed with all the news, tips, results and reaction to the big races over three days on the Rowley Mile.
The Craven is the first significant meeting of the Flat season and today's big race is the Feilden Stakes, which gets under way at 4.05pm.
The race, which is run over a mile and a furlong, should give pointers towards the Derby.
The Feilden Stakes was won by Ventura Storm in 2016, and Salouen, ridden by Ryan Moore, is tipped to go well this time around.
The Ed Dunlop-trained Apex King, who is ridden by Andrea Atzeni and won two races as a two-year-old, could also have an outside chance.
Follow all of the action below.
AUBURN, Ala. — Auburn University says in a Tweet that an explosion has occurred from an experimental rocket behind the Aerospace building.
Minor injuries occurred to two individuals in the explosion and the two people did not need medical transport.
Auburn says there is no threat or danger to campus.
AU ALERT: Incident involving experimental rocket behind Aerospace. Small explosion with minor injuries. No threat or danger to campus. — AU ALERT (@AUALERT) October 6, 2017
This is a developing story. Stay with News 3 for updates.
Reports Of Explosion In New York City We're investigating reports of an explosion near New York City's Port Authority. We're in the very early moments of this story.
SPORTS OCTOBER 6, 2017
Iowa Wesleyan Tiger women's soccer team took on Spalding University in women collegiate soccer and fell 8-0. Iowa Wesleyan's next game will be this Saturday, October 7th. They will take on Fontbonne University at 3 pm.
The Tiger men's soccer team hosted Spalding University at East Lake Park. The Tigers were able to get the winning goal in the second overtime for the 2-1 win over Spalding. They are now 5-4-2 on the season, and will return to action at East Lake tomorrow when they host Fontbonne University at 1 pm.
Southeast Iowa Super Conference had their conference cross-country meet Thursday on the Twin Lakes Golf Course in Winfield, Pekin won both the girl's and boy's titles. Pekin had a 49 score in the girls race ahead of 2nd place Danville-New London who scored 64. Remi Duwa of Pekin was the individual champ winning in a time of 19:30, Lexi Brown of Danville-NL was 2nd in 19:44. In the boy's race Pekin scored 63, Wapello was 2nd with an 81 score. Colten Glosser of Pekin finished 1st in 16:52, Brody Barton of WMU was 2nd in 17:01.
AREA VOLLEYBALL SCORES FROM LAST NIGHT: #7 ranked Holy Trinity Catholic knocked of 5th ranked New London on the Tiger's home court 28-26, 18-25, 27-25, 25-14. Emily Box 34 kills for HTC and Breanna Metler had 22 kills for the Tigers. Notre Dame swept Danville, Wapello over Columbus Community in 3 games, Van Buren over Central Lee 3-1, Mediapolis swept IMS.
Mt. Pleasant Middle School 7th grade volleyball played at Washington yesterday. In the “A” match MPMS won 2-1, Jersey Beachy 7 ace serves, Tristan Shull and Jordon Crooks 5 ace serves. In the “B” match MPMS won 2-1, Mackenzie Musselman and Summer Carver led the offense. The “C” team won also, Kylee Coleman and Abby Stocker both had 10 ace serves. The “D” team split with the Demons, Carey Pham and Serenity Hutson led the serving.
The Mt. Pleasant Middle School 8th grade volleyball team hosted Washington yesterday.
“A” match: Washington 12 4
Mt Pleasant won 21 21 (record 6-2)
MP serving stats: Sami Wibben 23-23 (21 points)
Savana Walls 9-9 (7)
“B” match: WA 12 5
MP won 21 21 (3-2-3)
MP SV stats: Jenna Smith 11-13 (10)
Thanh Phung 11-12 (9)
Kenna Lamm 6-8 (6)
Gisele Fajardo Pena 6-6 (5)
“C” match: WA 17 22
MP split 21 20 (3-3-2)
MP SV stats: Jaden Brumbaugh 10-11 (9)
Kristine Smith 7-8 (6)
Malena Yocum 5-5 (3)
The #1 ranked and undefeated 6-0 (4-0) Solon Spartans come to Evans Field tonight to play the 4-2 (2-2) Mt. Pleasant Panthers. Solon features excellent balance led by a defense that has given up just 14 points this season led by Iowa Hawkeye recruit Tyler Linderbaum, all 6'3” and 255 pounds of him. The offense is led by coach Kevin Millers son Cam who has thrown for 14 touchdowns and has 1 interception. Mt. Pleasant is the walking wounded this week more than ever. After losing Brody McGhGhy and Caleb Potts earlier this season, last week against West Burlington in the Panther 14-3 win quarterback Zach Beason and tight end Kieran Kohorst suffered injuries that will keep them out of tonight's game. Sophomore Brody Bender will handle the QB chores in Beason's absence. KILJ-FM 105.5 and kilj.com will broadcast live beginning at 6:30 pm.
AREA FOOTBALL SCHEDULE FOR 10/6/17
District 4
Lone Tree at Easton Valley
WACO, Wayland at Baxter ( (ND))
Class “A” District 6
#3 Lynnville-Sully at New London
North Mahaska at Montezuma
Pekin at Winfield-Mt. Union
Class 1A District 4
Highland at Columbus Community
Sigourney-Keota at Louisa-Muscatine
Van Buren Community at Regina, Iowa City
Wilton at Wapello
Class 2A District 5
Mediapolis at Mount Vernon
Class 2A District 6
Central Lee at Clarke, Osceola
Class 3A District 5
Fairfield at Fort Madison
Keokuk at Oskaloosa
Washington at West Burlington
Class 4A District 8
Burlington at Ottumwa
UW Tacoma, the Broadway Cen­ter for the Performing Arts and Toy Boat Theatre present “Cly­bourne Park,” a darkly humorous play directed by Marilyn Bennett.
Winner of both the 2011 Pulitzer Prize for drama and the 2009 Tony Award for Best Play, “Clybourne Park” tackles race and gentrification in the context of real-estate in a strong and seamless approach.
Tickets are now on sale for “Cly­bourne Park,” available in person at the Broadway Box Office or online at broadwaycenter.org or by phone (253) 591- 5894.
Tickets for UW Tacoma students are free with a valid student ID and $15 for the general public. Students must pres­ent student ID in person at the Broad­way Box Office to receive a ticket or use the promotional code: UWTFREE for online orders. This can be done in ad­vance or on the day of the show. But beware — tickets might sell out on the day of the show, so it may be best to purchase them in advance for a guar­anteed seat.
The May 3 performance at 7:30 p.m. is a pay-what-you-can-performance, where a donation box will be placed at the lobby door for reinvestment into future Broadway Center and UWT pro­ductions. Tickets for the Thursday per­formance should be reserved before­hand to ensure everyone has a seat.
The May 11 performance at 7:30 p.m. will accommodate deaf viewers and provide two sign language interpreters on stage.
Written as a continuation of Lorraine Hansberry's groundbreaking play “A Raisin in the Sun,” “Clybourne Park” is set in the same modest bungalow as the Younger family buys and prepares to move into at the end of Hansberry's play.
What makes ”Clybourne Park,” is its function as a split-level comedy built upon a foundation of challenging times and radical mistrust explodes in two outrageous acts set 50 years apart.
Chock-full of sharp-witted humor, “Clybourne Park” approaches a contro­versial topic in a way that's easier for audiences to swallow. Playwright Bruce Norris paints America's uneasiness, seen even today, despite our apparent progress.
The play's first act takes place in 1959 immediately after “A Raisin in the Sun,” when Bev and Russ Stroller pre­pare to sell their home after a tragedy in the family.
Karl Lindner, the president of the community association, tries to bribe the black family who bought the Stroll­er's home to not move into the Cly­bourne Park neighborhood, as he fears property values will decrease due to black residency.
The second act jumps ahead 50 years to 2009, where the roles are now re­versed when a white couple decides to buy the same three-bedroom bungalow in what is now a predominantly black neighborhood. Steve and Lindsey, who bought the bungalow — which is now decayed and covered in graffiti — plan to tear down the house to rebuild a big­ger and taller one in its place, signaling a new wave of gentrification.
“Clybourne Park” challenges our notions of how far we have come to­wards true racial acceptance.
Comparable to Tacoma's Hilltop neighborhood which has undergone sig­nificant changes, Clybourne Park has an abundance of modern gentrification.
Rent and housing prices have dou­bled, new developments are persistent­ly popping up at almost every corner and the existing community can no longer afford it. This eventually forces the majority of the population to relo­cate and leave behind the community they've built. Every city has a Clybourne Park, and Hilltop seems to be the Cly­bourne Park of Tacoma.
Like this: Like Loading...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man's body has been discovered after a fire at a bungalow near Lakenheath.
Fire crews were called to the property in Sedge Fen at 7.50am on Monday (February 13), where a bungalow was ablaze.
Emergency services entered the property, where a man's body was found inside.
Suffolk Fire Service spokesman Ali Moseley told the BBC it had been a “very hazardous operation”, with the roof already “structurally unsafe and starting to collapse” when they arrived.
He added: "We feel we may have identified the location of the occupant within the premises, but that hasn't been confirmed because of the structural safety issues so that investigation is on-going.
"Investigation teams are out there now assessing what can be done to make things safe so they can actually get hands-on and start excavating the scene."
Firefighters left the scene at 12.45am on Tuesday morning.
A Suffolk Police spokesman confirmed they are investigating the cause of the fire.
Although formal identification is still to be completed, the body is thought to be that of a man in his 80s.
At this time, the fire is not believed to be suspicious.
Olivier Vernon spent most of his offseason training in Miami, just as he had done for, well, all of his life. He grew up there, went to college there and played the first four years of his NFL career there.
“I just wanted to stick to it,” the defensive end said on Tuesday after participating in the Giants' first practice of mandatory minicamp. “If it isn't broke, then I'm not fixing it.”
The problem for Vernon last year was that it was broke. His hand was. And while he played through it after suffering the injury in the opener, it wasn't until the second half of the season that he began to produce at the level the Giants had hoped to see in his first season with the team. He had seven of his 8.5 sacks in 2016 during a five-week stretch from Nov. 6 to Dec. 4.
“The main thing is staying healthy,” Vernon said. “I started feeling better towards the end of the season but that's football at the end of the day. You're going to get banged up, so you just got to keep going and fight through.”
The last game of that seven-sack span was also the one in which Jason Pierre-Paul suffered a season-ending injury, essentially forcing the attention of every opposing offensive line on Vernon. He had just one half of a sack in the final four games of the season.
This year, Vernon and Pierre-Paul will be reunited. And they'll be linked for the three seasons after that. JPP signed a long-term deal with the Giants this offseason and now they are both inked with the team through the 2020 season.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“I was just as happy as him,” Vernon said of his reaction to Pierre-Paul's contract. “We had a great run, and we both played good on the field and I'm happy that he's still here. I kept telling him before the season that he wasn't going to go anywhere, so it came to fruition.”
It was Vernon who wasn't on the field with his team for voluntary OTAs over the past three weeks, but he said he was in close contact with his teammates and coaches during that time. They were able to talk about little adjustments to the defense that are being planned out at this time of year and keep each other abreast of their progress.
“I'm just glad to be back with my teammates,” Vernon said of reporting for the mandatory minicamp. “I know these guys were grinding out here, so I was trying to grind the same way.”
A cut above
Ben McAdoo sported a new hairdo for minicamp, a slicked-back look that was a bit reminiscent of Pat Riley's look.
Giants videos
“They've been pushing me,” McAdoo said of the players' reaction to the coiffure. “Got to keep it fresh, right?”
This isn't the first time McAdoo's mop has drawn attention. Last season he came under fire for the look of his locks from none other than New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Christie said in an WFAN interview: “Do you think Ben McAdoo will get a real haircut if they make the playoffs?” At the time McAdoo responded behind closed doors with a T-shirt that sported his image and the words “Benny With The Good Hair.” Some players were later seen wearing a similar T-shirt.
As for this new ‘do, the players had their fun with it.
“You can't get on the head coach, ever, right?” Eli Manning said. “I thought it looked outstanding.”
GIANT STEPS
advertisement | advertise on newsday
McAdoo said DE Owa Odighizuwa was excused from mandatory minicamp for “personal reasons.” The third-year player posted cryptic statements on social media during the offseason suggesting that he would be stepping away from football. Odighizuwa remains on the team's 90-man roster . . . TE Rhett Ellison, who missed most of OTAs with a calf injury, was well enough on Tuesday to participate in some walk-through snaps. “He's pushing,” McAdoo said. “I don't anticipate him going full-go here in this minicamp. I anticipate him for training camp” . . . CB Eli Apple and S Darian Thompson both missed Tuesday's practice because of illness. McAdoo said there is a chance they could participate later in the week . . . G Justin Pugh watched from the sideline. McAdoo said he was “limited” but did not say why. Also working on the side were LB J.T. Thomas, coming off knee surgery last year, and WR Kevin Snead who injured his hamstring last week . . . S/LB Eric Pinkins registered an interception in practice off a tipped pass by David Webb . . . WR Sterling Shepard was the offensive standout from the first practice. “I think he went out and had a strong first day in camp,” McAdoo said of Shepard. “He really showed up well inside. Made a lot of plays.”
Next To The Original, France Replicates Prehistoric Cave Paintings
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eleanor Beardsley/NPR Eleanor Beardsley/NPR
On a September day in 1940 while much of Europe was engulfed in war, four teenagers were walking through a forest in southern France when their dog fell down a hole.
As they called for it they heard an echo. Crawling in to rescue the dog, the boys discovered a cave with hundreds of prehistoric animals painted across its walls and ceiling. It turned out to be one of the world's best examples of prehistoric art.
The Lascaux cave became a popular tourist site after World War II. But it had to be sealed off to the public in 1963 because the breath and sweat of visitors created carbon dioxide and humidity that would damage the paintings.
Now the French government has spent 64 million dollars building a near perfect replica to recreate the original cave — and the emotions of that first discovery.
To see the replica, which is next to the actual cave, you begin outside, at the top of the adjoining museum. Visitors walk slowly down toward the cave entrance. All the while, sounds of the surrounding forest on a summer day are played on speakers. This specific order to the visit, referred to as the museum's sequencing, is important to recreating an authentic experience, says Dina Casson, who was part of the team that worked on the museum's design.
"When you visit the original cave, you're actually walking through the forest with these sounds," says Casson.
Casson says recreating the impression of going underground and coming out again – from light to darkness to light again is also important. One member of her team was allowed into the original cave.
"That was one of the things that he said was so powerful," says Casson. "This sense of being outside, then inside, then outside."
Once inside the replica, the temperature is cool and constant, just like the real cave. As eyes adjust to the darkness there are suddenly animals everywhere.
The more than 600 paintings and a thousand engravings in the actual cave were done 20,000 years ago. Using a laser light to point out details, archeologist Jean-Pierre Chadelle says these early human artists used very advanced techniques.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eleanor Beardsley/NPR Eleanor Beardsley/NPR
"You can see how they used a magnesium pencil for the black horns of this bull," he says. "And for the softness of the muzzle they used another technique. They blow dried paint made from natural ochre colors through a tool crafted from hollow bird bones."
Chadelle used to give tours in the original cave, which he says eventually became a victim of its own success.
"There were so many visitors that people were passing out inside the cave from all the carbon dioxide."
Chadelle says in the 1950s the hole the boys climbed through was opened up so a giant fan could be installed to help circulate the air.
"That's why this replica is almost more real than the real cave," says Chadelle. "Because it has that original hole the boys climbed through."
Guillaume Colombo is the director of the new cave and museum complex at Lascaux. He says the art was so well preserved for so long because the cave was sealed tight — like a cork in a champagne bottle.
"So the cave wasn't affected by sudden temperature changes," says Colombo. "And another reason it was protected is there's a layer of clay in the soil that waterproofs the cave. That's why Lascaux has no stalactites or stalagmites. It's a dry cave."
Standing in the first big room of the cave replica, known as The Hall of Bulls, prehistorian Jean Clottes says the animals don't really represent what these Cro Magnon humans would have hunted and eaten at the time.
"That would have been mammoth or reindeer," he says.
Clottes says the many bulls and horses were likely animals that played a role in the beliefs and spiritual life of these early humans.
There are many mysteries surrounding the Lascaux cave paintings. For example, experts don't really know how long it took to complete them.
"There was a code and a certain style they all follow, so we are pretty sure they were done by a small group, and in just a few years," says museum director Colombo. "But we don't know if it was a few years within a hundred years or a thousand years." Colombo says the paintings were most likely done by a couple generations of painters who passed down the knowledge.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eleanor Beardsley/NPR Eleanor Beardsley/NPR
Such questions can be explored in interactive exhibits in the museum. Each visitor is offered a personalized tablet available in 10 languages. The glass museum looks as if it was slipped into a fault line on the hillside.
Norwegian Thorsen Kjetilis is one of the architects. He calls the museum a link between past and present.
"It is a very contemporary building cut into the landscape and out of the landscape," says Kjetilis. "It's just at the borderline between the vertical forest where the original cave lies behind us, and the horizontally of the farmlands in front."
The whole complex, known as Lascaux IV, is the third and most ambitious attempt to replicate the famous cave. It is precise down to three millimeters thanks to 3D digital scanning of the actual cave. Every nook and cranny is recreated using polysterine and resin, and the latest fiberglass techniques.
Francis Ringenbach led the team of 34 artists who reconstructed the cave walls and ceilings and then copied the paintings onto them. He calls the three-year job "colossal."
Ringenbach says to reproduce the art, high-definition images of the paintings were projected onto the walls and copied pixel by pixel.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy Lascaux Museum Courtesy Lascaux Museum
The painstaking work gave them a real appreciation for the skills of the prehistoric artists. Ringenbach says they had a real level of mastery, and used the surface of the cave.
"These animals are not positioned by chance," he says. "For example, the eye of this bison is not engraved, it's a natural cavity they exploited to make the eye."
Ringenbach says the more his team worked, the more astonished they were.
"Putting ourselves in the context made us realize how difficult the conditions were. They were working in darkness and working from memory to do these compositions."
Ringenbach said the prehistoric painters would also have had scaffolding that was fairly comfortable. "They certainly weren't working on a branch."
At times, he says the copy job became emotional.
"There were moments when I realized that I must be doing the exact gestures and movements of the prehistoric artist. And that's when a little shiver would go down my spine," he says.
(Corrects spelling of U.S. vice president's name, paragraph 8)
By Fergus Jensen
JAKARTA, April 12 Losses amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars appear to be pushing the Indonesian government and mining giant Freeport McMoRan to resolve a row that has crippled operations at Grasberg, the world's richest copper mine, for three months.
Freeport says it has lost revenue of about $1 billion since the export of copper concentrate from Grasberg was halted on Jan. 12 under new rules issued by the government. The government has lost millions of dollars in royalties and is worried about layoffs and a slowing economy in the restive Papua region, where the giant mine is located.
"There's a lot of grandstanding in public – that, with our economy being close to a $1 trillion a year now, Freeport is a small matter," said a senior Indonesian government official, who estimated the lost royalties and taxes from the mine at about $1 billion a year.
"But truth be told, a $1 billion a year reduction in fiscal revenue is a lot," said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Indonesia halted Freeport's copper concentrate exports under new rules that require the Phoenix, Arizona-based company to adopt a special license, pay new taxes and royalties, divest a 51 percent stake in its operations and relinquish arbitration rights.
Freeport threatened in February to take the dispute to arbitration, saying the rules were "in effect a form of expropriation".
But now, Indonesia has promised to allow Freeport to export its copper concentrate once again, while negotiations continue over the next six months on contentious issues, including on divestment, economic and legal protection and smelting investment.
The compromise comes ahead of a visit to Indonesia by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence next week. Pressure to resolve the row could also come from Freeport's third-biggest shareholder, activist investor Carl Icahn, who has been appointed a special adviser to President Donald Trump.
For Indonesia, tensions at Grasberg could hamper its efforts to calm the Papua region, where a low-level insurgency has simmered for decades. The mine's social and environmental footprint also remains a source of friction.
Papua's GDP growth is expected to drop to 3 percent this year due to the Freeport dispute, down from 9.21 percent in 2016, according to the Papua branch of Indonesia's central bank.
A slump in Papua's economy could aggravate tensions with Jakarta, complicating efforts by President Joko Widodo to enforce policies to extract more from its natural resources.
"When there is a crisis at Freeport, it will send major ripples through Papuan society," said Achmad Sukarsono, an Indonesian expert at the Eurasia consultancy.
PAPUA ECONOMY
In Timika, a sprawling town of around 250,000 people and a supply hub for Grasberg, the Freeport dispute has hit businesses, caused a slump in house prices and stalled credit, residents say.
Mastael Arobi, who owns a car rental business there, has cut his fleet by two-thirds because of slow business and is worried about the interest he pays on loans.
"We are half-dead thinking about repayments," he said.
Transport operators in Timika had similar complaints, with a motorcycle taxi driver saying it was hard to make even a third of the up to 300,000 rupiah ($22.50) he used to make each day.
"Since these furloughs and layoffs began we have stopped providing credit to Freeport workers," said Joko Supriyono, a regional manager at Bank Papua in Timika, who said ATM transactions had declined by around two-thirds since January.
Freeport, which employs more than 32,000 staff and contractors in Indonesia, has now "demobilised" just over 10 percent of its workforce, a number expected to grow until the dispute is resolved.
Persipura, the main soccer club in Papua and one of Indonesia's most decorated teams, announced last month that Freeport, its top sponsor, had stopped its funding.
Indonesian Vice President Jusuf Kalla said in a recent interview that while he did not anticipate political pressure, Washington should not politicise the Freeport issue.
Another Indonesian government official said moves to allow Freeport to export temporarily were aimed at showing that the government is willing to find a solution, and to send a positive message, especially to foreign investors, who are watching the saga closely.
"We are not changing our stance. Our basic stance on 51 percent divestment, our demand for smelters - all that is still there. But in negotiations, you should give a little to assure the other side that we are still open to some options," said the official.
The two sides had opted for a temporary solution to break a deadlock in issues that "cannot be resolved quickly," said Bambang Gatot, Director General of Coal and Minerals in the mining ministry,
A spokesman for Freeport Indonesia declined to comment on the warming ties with the government.
A senior Freeport McMoRan executive said last week the company was awaiting details of a temporary export permit from the Indonesian government that would allow it to ramp up production. ($1 = 13,330 rupiah)
(Additional reporting by Hidayat Setiaji, Wilda Asmarini and Kanupriya Kapoor in JAKARTA and Samuel Wanda in TIMIKA; Writing by Ed Davies; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Hundreds of ice bears plunge into North Sea for New Year
2/1/17 - Yesterday's traditional North Sea Dip in Ostend for New Year attracted hundreds of enthusiasts despite the cold. Ice bears of all kinds and forms ventured out in the cool seawater, some hesitant, others with the thought that they were going to die... This edition may have been a cold one, but there have been worse, veterans explained. The cash that was raised - participants had to pay 5 euros - goes to a good cause, i.e. Make a Wish and SOS Children's Villages.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Hundreds of ice bears plunge into North Sea for New Year
2/1/17 - Yesterday's traditional North Sea Dip in Ostend for New Year attracted hundreds of enthusiasts despite the cold. Ice bears of all kinds and forms ventured out in the cool seawater, some hesitant, others with the thought that they were going to die... This edition may have been a cold one, but there have been worse, veterans explained. The cash that was raised - participants had to pay 5 euros - goes to a good cause, i.e. Make a Wish and SOS Children's Villages.
New Delhi: Markets regulator Sebi on Friday asked mutual funds to categorise all their schemes within five baskets, a move that will weed out the practice of multiple funds being launched on similar themes.
The schemes will be broadly classified in five groups -- equity, debt, hybrid, solution oriented and other scheme, Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said in a circular.
Sebi asked mutual funds to ensure that schemes devised under the news norms should not result in duplication of other plans offered by them.
Only one scheme per category would be permitted except index funds, exchange traded funds (ETFs) tracking different indices; fund of funds having different underlying schemes; sectoral or thematic funds investing in different themes.
Mutual funds will be required to analyse each of their existing schemes in light of these categories and submit their proposals to Sebi after obtaining due approvals from their trustees as early as possible, but not later than two months.
The fund houses will have to carry out the necessary changes in all respects within a maximum period of three months.
Sebi said it is desirable that different schemes launched by a mutual fund are clearly distinct in terms of asset allocation, and investment strategy. Further, there is a need to bring in uniformity in the characteristics of similar type of schemes launched by different mutual funds.
The move will ensure that an investor of mutual fund is able to evaluate the different options available, before taking an informed decision to invest in a scheme.
The circular will apply to all existing open ended schemes of all mutual funds; all such open ended schemes where Sebi has issued final observations but have not yet been launched; and all open-ended schemes in respect of which draft scheme documents have been filed with the regulator.
In order to ensure uniformity in respect of the investment universe for equity schemes, Sebi has decided to define large cap, mid cap and small cap.
Top 100 companies in terms of market capitalisation will come under the large cap segment, while those 101st- 250th firm will be mid-cap and 251st company onwards in terms of market capitalisation will be small-cap.
US President Donald Trump wants to ride in the Queen's gold-plated royal carriage when he travels to London on a state visit -- an insistence that has thrown British security forces into a tizzy, a media report has said.The White House has made clear it regards the carriage processioncurrently planned for the second week of October, The Sunday Times reported, citing officials.But security officials have warned that the carriage journey down The Mall to Buckingham Palace will require a "monster" security operation, far greater than for any recent state visit, the paper said.The Metropolitan Police was already facing a challenge in ensuring the safety of the controversial president asThe carriage "would not be able to put up much resistance in the face of a rocket propelled grenade or high-powered ammunition," the paper quoted one security source as saying.Citing the source, the paper said that this recent demand has only served to increase complexity of the arrangement."The vehicle which carries the president of the United States is a spectacular vehicle. It is designed to withstand a massive attack like a low-level rocket grenade."If he's in that vehicle he is incredibly well protected and on top of that it can travel at enormous speed. If he is in a golden coach being dragged up the Mall by a couple of horses, the risk factor is dramatically increased," the source said.Still, the White House regards the carriage procession as an essential element of the itinerary for Trump's state visit.Trump's predecessor former president BarackWorld leaders have been treated to the traditional Horse Guards welcoming parade -- in which the Queen's carriage is drawn down The Mall to Buckingham Palace by six white horses.Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping have also taken such carriage rides during state visits.
Users will be able to quickly call 911 using the safety icon at the bottom of the app.
Coaching Carousel Shakes Up Group Of 5 Pecking Order The coaching carousel could have an impact on which teams from outside the five major conferences have the most success this season.
Keidel: Has Mayweather Really Lost A Step?During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith, Mayweather mused over his upcoming fight, and made some unusually self-effacing assertions. Most notably, that he's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man, but also larger and stronger. So, says Mayweather, this is the first time his foe as the edge, at least on paper.
LONDON (AP) — The bongs will soon be gone.
Big Ben — the huge clock bell of Britain's Parliament — will fall silent next week as a four-year restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped after chiming noon on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a 29-million-pound ($38 million) repair project on the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock. It isn't due to resume regular service until 2021.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the clock mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired. The 13.5 British ton (15.1 U.S. ton, 13.7 metric tons) bell will be cleaned and checked for cracks.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark its longest period of silence.
Parliamentary officials say they will ensure that the bell still sounds on major occasions, such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The silence presents a problem for the BBC, which broadcasts the bongs every evening before the radio news through a microphone in the belfry.
After testing out the sound of substitute bells, the broadcaster said it will use a recording.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Jessica Alba isn't just another Hollywood face -- she's also the founder of a billion-dollar business.
Start Slideshow
While many only recognize Jessica Alba for her performances in Sin City or Fantastic Four, in the entrepreneurial world Alba's name goes beyond her role as a Hollywood star.
Related: 50 Inspirational Quotes to Motivate You
Rising to fame as a young actress, Alba saw much success early on. However, it wasn't until 2015, when Alba co-founded The Honest Company, that she became a prominent name in the business world. What originally began as a beauty line has since grown into a billion-dollar 500-plus-employee business that sells safe and healthy baby, personal care, cleaning products and more.
Related: 10 Inspiring Quotes From Pulitzer Prize-Winning Rapper Kendrick Lamar
It's safe to say Alba can teach you a thing or two about entrepreneurship and running a successful business.
To learn more, here are 10 inspirational quotes from the actress-turned-entrepreneur.
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome No votes yet
It's been a slow month here on Flayrah, judging by both the number of articles and newsbytes submitted. I know Sonious hasn't had as much free time lately, and my job's been keeping me busy, and then I caught the flu. (All better.) Now that it's February, I've still got a pile of tasks to get out of the way, and then hopefully things will pick up.
Still, we're not neglecting the site. If you've got an article or review, throw it our way! Also, I'll be attending Texas Furry Fiesta for my first time, where I'll be hosting two panels. The first is on foreign animated films, and the second is on the history of furry fandom. Improv events, which I also like to help run at cons when I get the chance, are already well-covered by several people at TFF - so I get to relax for a change!
Contributors to the Newsbytes this last month included 2cross2affliction, dronon, Equivamp, GreenReaper, and two new faces, BlindWolf8 and staghorne! And surprisingly, nothing from Fred - hope you're doing ok!
2cross2affliction: If you still haven't seen Zootopia, try PornHub. (Note to on-site browsers; that link is SFW!)
dronon: Animaniacs reboot coming to Hulu.
GreenReaper: Florida freeze causes iguanas to fall from trees.
Equivamp: Kotaku warns of a website dedicated to collecting and redistributing paywalled furry art from Patreon.
GreenReaper: Former Googler cites internal furry mailing list as evidence of discrimination against conservative white males.
2cross2affliction: It's Australia; of course the local birds of prey have been wielding fire almost as long as humanity.
BlindWolf8: If we could talk to the animals: Zoolingua aims to save lives and help you talk to your furry (or farm) friends.
2cross2affliction: There was definitely NOT A WOLF nominated for the 2017 Shorty Awards in the Weird category. You can check out @SICKOFWOLVES on Twitter.
2cross2affliction: Paddington 2 is gunning for a perfect Rotten Tomatoes score. Currently at 151 reviews, which is well ahead of Zootopia, which got picked off just shy of triple digits.
staghorne: Cranberry Fox explores the forest and teaches fancy machine learning.
GreenReaper: German-born, British-based children's illustrator Axel Scheffler, of 'Highway Rat' and 'Gruffalo' fame, admits he likes to draw 'animals with clothes on', and is fond of 'smaller rodent characters' because they're easier to draw than people.
GreenReaper: Singaporean swanbots deployed to defend against reservoir algae.
GreenReaper: Axel recently led illustrators to "create thought-provoking visions of Europe in response to Brexit" after drawing a cartoon of the fearsome #Brusselo for The Guardian in 2016.
2cross2affliction: Update: Paddington 2 has surpassed Toy Story 2 for most reviews at 100% on Rotten Tomatoes.
GreenReaper: UK researchers offer hope for Chilean 'tiger cat', finding it adaptable to intensive agriculture, albeit under threat from subdivision of farms.
dronon: A positive tweet towards the fandom from someone in the animation industry.
dronon: An upcoming animated film from Pakistan: Gluco Allahyar and the Legend of Markhor.
BlindWolf8: Sunny weather draws crowds and "Furries".
dronon: French anthro comic, Jim Hawkins, gets a second issue.
BlindWolf8: Michigan man receives letter granting his dog unemployment benefits.
Marching Band's Expected Performance In Inaugural Parade Sparks Controversy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Brandon/AP Alex Brandon/AP
The organizers of President-elect Donald Trump's inaugural parade released a list of the groups who have accepted invitations to perform. Included on the list of 40 groups was the marching band from Alabama's oldest private, historically black liberal arts college, Talladega College.
While officials from the college have not yet addressed the performance publicly, the band's expected participation has sparked debate on social media websites. (NPR's calls and messages to Talladega and to the chairman of the college's board went unanswered.)
One user on bandhead.org wrote, "It's a Presidential Inauguration, a high profile event. It's a great experience for the band." Another posted, "All exposure isn't good exposure."
Talladega's participation comes after other marching bands, including the band from Howard, a historically black university in Washington, D.C., did not apply to perform. Washington, D.C., high school bands are also not participating.
Though Howard's band director John Newson told NBC4 that Howard's "band had too few members and was facing budgetary constraints," he implied other considerations may have contributed to the decision. NBC4 reported:
[Newson] said he suspects that many band directors' and school administrators' political beliefs played into whether they applied to participate in the parade. "I think everybody knows why and no one wants to say and lose their job," Newson said.
Nikky Finney, who graduated from Talladega in 1979 and is now a poet and chair in creative writing and southern studies at the University of South Carolina, condemned the band's participation in the inaugural parade. She said:
The news that Talladega College has forgotten its steady and proud 150 years of history, by making the decision to not stand in solidarity with other clear-eyed and courageous people, academic institutions, and organizations, protesting the inauguration of one of the most antagonistic, hatred-spewing, unrepentant racists, has simply and unequivocally broken my heart today. Historical Black colleges are duty bound to have and keep a moral center and be of great moral consciousness while also teaching its students lessons about life that they will need going forward, mainly, that just because a billionaire — who cares nothing about their 150 years of American existence — invites them to a fancy, gold-plated, dress-up party, they have the moral right and responsibility to say "no thank you," especially when the blood, sweat, and tears and bodies, of black, brown, and native people are stuffed in the envelope alongside the RSVP. This should have been a teachable moment for the President of Talladega College instead it has become a moment of divisiveness and shame. Bags of money and the promise of opportunity have always been waved in front of the faces and lives of struggling human beings, who have historically been relegated to the first-fired and the last-hired slots of life. It has been used to separate us before. It has now been used to separate us again.
Other performers, including Elton John and Celine Dion, have turned down invitations to participate in inauguration ceremonies as well. Several others have said they wouldn't perfom either. The BBC reported that Grammy-winner John Legend said, "Creative people tend to reject bigotry and hate. We tend to be more liberal-minded. When we see somebody that's preaching division and hate and bigotry, it's unlikely he'll get a lot of creative people that want to be associated with him."
On Monday, British singer Rebecca Ferguson said she was invited to sing at the inauguration. She said she would accept if she could sing "Stange Fruit," the lyrics of which describe the lynchings of black people in the the U.S. Originally a poem written by Abel Meeropol, the protest song includes the line: "Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze."
NPR's email to to the Presidential Inaugural Committee has not yet been returned.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In Austria, driving without winter tyres from November to mid-April can mean a €5,000 fine (£4,411) as well as your car being impounded.
In Germany, winter tyres are mandatory in wintry conditions, and in Switzerland, Bulgaria, Italy and Andorra, you can be fined for “impeding traffic” if your car's not equipped to travel through snow.
In the UK there's no legal requirement to put them on - although be careful if you're travelling abroad - but they will improve your car's performance.
Winter tyres are designed for low temperatures, their softer rubber mix increases grip on Tarmac, as well as in wet and dry conditions, snow and ice.
Wave-shaped segments in the tread block increase the tyre's gripping edge and improve its grip in snow and ice - helping to brake performance and driving stability.
“The tread depth of your tyres is also crucial. If the tread depth is less than 4 mm, the performance of your tyres really suffers. Beyond this limit, you should change them without exception," said Thierry Delesalle of Mytyres.co.uk .
But do you really need winter tyres in Britain? We explore what they are, the alternatives and how much they cost.
What are winter tyres?
Winter tyres are specially designed to improve safety in cold weather. They are designed to perform when the temperature drops below 7 degrees Celsius.
Normal summer tyres can harden in cold weather and this means they are more at risk of aquaplaning in wet weather and increasing stopping distance in icy conditions.
Winter tyres are made using a rubber compound that does not harden when the temperature drops below 7 degrees Celsius and this can improve grip and reduce stopping distances in the event of an emergency stop.
Winter tyres usually have deeper tread to add extra grip and disperse surface water, making them safer and more effective than summer or all-year-round tyres, as our sister site Chronical Live reported .
Are winter tyres recommended?
(Image: Getty)
Using winter tyres depends on where you live and how you drive your car. In the winter months temperatures in the UK regularly drop below 7 degrees Celsius but rural drivers and those in areas with high snowfall and wet weather will be more likely to need the tyres.
In European countries that experience a high level of snow they are a legal requirement for drivers but winter tyres are not a legal requirement in the UK.
If most of your driving is done in the daytime in areas where the roads are relatively clear, it may be that you do not need to take on the expense of fitting winter tyres.
Winter tyres perform worse than normal tyres in temperatures over 7 degrees Celsius, so it is important to change back when the weather gets warmer.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
How much do winter tyres cost?
Winter tyre prices will vary depending on the manufacturer, but anything over £500 is likely for four tyres. You will also have to pay fitting costs and to have your normal tyres stored over the winter months.
Winter tyres can be a hefty up front cost but you will be saving wear and tear on your summer tyres, extending their use in the summer months.
What are the alternatives to winter tyres?
(Image: REUTERS)
If you do not feel winter tyres are for you there are some alternatives. For shorter drives winter tyre socks , or snow socks, can be fitted.
Winter snow socks cost from around £50 and can be slid over the wheel to provide extra grip on shorter journeys. These are useful when there is a brief flurry of snow.
Where do I get winter tyres?
(Image: Daily Record)
carmakers will usually offer their own official winter tyres and some will even offer to store your summer tyres over the winter months, ready to be fitted back on when the weather gets warmer.
A growing number of online retailers are also offering cheap winter tyres including:
Local garages will also offer winter tyre services, but it is always best to shop around to find the best deals.
April 3 HCP Inc
* Justin Hutchens to leave HCP to become chief executive officer of UK-based operator HC-One
* HCP Inc - Hutchens will remain in current role at HCP through June 1 to ensure smooth transition of duties, to assist with HCP's Q1 earnings announcement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A lorry driver told an inquest how he killed an 11-year-old girl in a motorway crash while swerving to avoid a woman and baby in the road.
Iman Zainab Javed died from severe facial and spinal injuries after a HGV ploughed into two crashed cars which had collided in thick fog on the M61.
The schoolgirl, from Rochdale, was in the rear seat of her father's VW Sharran when it was struck by a Renault Clio and then by a Volvo truck driven by Roderick Macleod.
Iman died from her injuries at the scene on the morning of January 23 last year, Preston Coroner's Court heard on Monday.
(Image: MEN Media)
(Image: MEN Media)
Mr Macleod, from Glasgow, said in a statement read out by the coroner: "I hit a blanket of fog. It's not like anything I have experienced before. It was like being wrapped in a blanket."
He said that when he emerged from the fog bank he recalled five or six vehicles on the hard shoulder, reports the Manchester Evening News .
"I saw a woman with a baby in her arms standing in lane one. I had to do everything to avoid them,” said Mr Macleod, who added there was ‘no indication' there were any other vehicles remaining in the carriageway.
He said he ‘could not have stopped'.
“I was in total shock,” he added.
The driver of the Clio, Neil Hodson, said he only had a ‘second or two to react' when he suddenly hit a thick bank of fog, Preston Coroner's Court heard on Monday.
Iman's mother Khaldah Javed, the front seat passenger in the Sharran, said in a statement read to the court the fog was so bad she couldn't see the bonnet.
(Image: MEN Media)
She recalled her husband saying he was going to pull over and that he slowed to 10 or 15mph.
"As soon as my husband said he was going to pull over there was a bang to the back of the car and we came to a stop,” she said.
She recalled her daughter saying her chest was hurting and told her it was ‘going to be okay', the inquest heard.
She got out of the Sharran and could see people walking towards the car.
Mrs Javed recalled shouting ‘no' but could not recall the collision.
She said she saw a car which had hit the central reservation which ‘looked quite bad' although she wasn't sure at first it was her own car. She saw her daughter ‘slumped over' but then she was moved away.
(Image: MEN Media)
“A short time later a police officer told me my beautiful daughter had died,” she said.
A police investigation concluded that the HGV was doing 52mph when it hit the two vehicles and that the Clio was travelling at ‘at least' 57mph when it hit the Sharran, the inquest heard.
Pathologist Alison Armour conducted a post mortem examination and concluded Iman died from severe facial injuries and a fractured cervical spine (neck).
The drivers of the Clio and HGV weren't hurt. Iman's father was seriously injured and it is thought he remains in hospital.
Preston area coroner Richard Taylor, recording a narrative verdict, said: “Iman Zainab Javed died on January 23, 2017, on the M61 at Bamber Bridge, Preston, from injuries sustained as a rear seat passenger in a vehicle which was struck from behind in heavy fog.”
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea star Eden Hazard will seemingly have no qualms about facing Barcelona in the last-16 of the Champions League.
The Premier League champions were paired with the Catalan giants in Monday's draw, with the second leg taking pace at the Nou Camp.
But speaking to BT Sport after the Blues drew 1-1 with Atletico Madrid in their final Champions League group game last Tuesday, Belgian star Hazard didn't seem to care about the possibility of facing Lionel Messi and co.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"It's not a problem, we are Chelsea!" Hazard told a reporter in the Stamford Bridge tunnel.
"We are a top team so we can face anyone.
"We know PSG and Barcelona are very good, but we are Chelsea, so we have to be ready for everything."
Seemingly impressed by Hazard's confidence, the reporter then asked: "You really fancy your chances, don't you?
Hazard then replied: "Yeah yeah yeah! We can do everything!"
The first leg in west London will take place in February, with the return in Catalonia in March.
Champions League draw in full
Juventus vs Tottenham Hotspur
FC Basel vs Manchester City
Porto vs Liverpool
Sevilla vs Manchester United
Real Madrid vs Paris Saint-Germain
Shakhtar Donetsk vs Roma
Chelsea vs Barcelona
Bayern Munich vs Besiktas
Harold Backer made his plea in Victoria on Wednesday; the Crown is seeking a 13-month jail sentence
A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has pleaded guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer changed his plea Wednesday in Victoria provincial court on a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian was previously facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3, 2015, when he failed to return home after telling his family he was going out for a bike ride.
RELATED: Missing Olympian turns himself in to Victoria Police
The investment dealer surrendered to police in April 2017 and his whereabouts during that period of time hasn't been explained.
Soon after he disappeared, financial crime investigators began looking into Backer and the company My Financial Backer Corp. after his investors received letters that concerned them.
The 55-year-old was on the Canadian rowing team in the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympic Games.
After his disappearance, police in Port Angeles, Wash., said an officer who viewed video from a street security camera noted a man fitting Backer's description was aboard a ferry from Victoria, a 90-minute trip away.
RELATED: Lawsuit seeks restitution from former Olympian
The guilty plea was entered by defence lawyer Joven Narwal on behalf of Backer, a thin, bearded man who was dressed in a grey pinstripe suit.
Crown attorney John Neal told Judge Carmen Rogers he is seeking a 13-month jail sentence and three years of probation for Backer. He also wants a no-contact order for five people who lost money as a result of Backer's fraud.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Time is running out for foreign workers to leave island and be eligible for a pension refund.
The new pensions law comes into effect in 2018, and many expats are weighing if they are in cayman for the long haul, or if they should take the money and run..
Should I stay or should I go?
It's a question many expats are asking themselves, as the clock runs out on the old pensions law. Starting 1 January 2018, those who leave island will no longer be eligible for a pension refund.
“They will have access by the end of the year, if they make the decision to leave, to get a refund two years after they've left,” said Chamber Pensions Plan Director of Operations Randall Fisher.
He told Cayman 27 the pension plans themselves are unlikely to see signs of any “mass exodus” of foreign workers, at least not yet.
“The question is whether it will trigger a mass exodus or not is debatable, we won't know as a pension plan provider until two years down the road,” he said.
Mr. Fisher said certain demographics, based on age, have some other options to access their pension savings.
“For example you are 50 years old and you were thinking of leaving simply for the purpose of getting a refund, you don't really have to, because you have the option of a retirement savings arrangement,” said Mr. Fisher.
He said those individuals could keep working, and apply for a retirement savings arrangement that would allow them to withdraw up to $12,480 a year.
“If you have $25,000 in there, you can probably get your money out within 15 months of leaving the island,”
He said resources exist for those expats who are still on the fence.
“Any member can contact their pension plan provider and ask the questions, we are available, and the data is definitely on the website as well as the department of labor and pensions website,” said Mr. Fisher.
© Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
"It's just horrendous that we're having to deal with things like this," said Paul. "I've had this year where it's becoming more and more aware that we have these real threats out there."
A man accused of threatening to kill Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) and his family members by dismembering them with an ax has been arrested. Paul addressed the threats against him and his family in a Monday tweet , thanking the U.S. Capitol Police for promptly arresting the man:the Courier-Journal reported . Capitol Police are actively investigating the situation but did not comment further.Paul also addressed this and other threats against him at an event in Leitchfield, Kentucky, on Monday, calling for more ways to settle political differences.In November, Paul suffered six broken ribs after his neighbor, Rene Albert Boucher, 59, attacked him while he was mowing his lawn. Boucher, a registered Democrat and retired doctor, was sentenced to 30 days in prison for attacking the senator in a dispute about yard debris.Paul was also on the practice field in northern Virginia when gunman James Hodgkinson opened fire on Republican congressmen practicing for the annual Congressional Baseball Game in Washington, DC, in June 2017. Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA) and several congressional staffers were wounded in the incident.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Teletubbies are back - and they're heading into the studio to make another album.
The children's TV favourites had a smash hit with Say Eh-oh! in 1997.
And now they're set to release their first album in 20 years.
The album will reportedly be called Big Hugs.
A source told The Sun : "Everybody loves a novelty record but they're becoming increasingly rare.
"The Teletubbies are a huge brand with a big fanbase, so they might well rip up the form book.
(Image: Time4News/Youtube)
(Image: Time4News/Youtube)
"It would be the perfect way to celebrate their 20th anniversary."
The newspaper reports that the record will consist of 19 songs from the show's latest series, as well as a selection of classic tunes with a Teletubbies makeover.
The album will also feature the show's narrator, Daniel Rigby, who lends his voice to a number of tracks, including two called Bottom Bump Song and Tiddlytubbies Songtime.
People who remember the Teletubbies from their childhood were recently left horrified when they had babies.
The heyday of Tinky-Winky, Laa-Laa, Dipsy, and Po may arguably be long gone but that doesn't mean they've not left a legacy.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
While the Teletubbies may have seemed completely chaste, there are now eight dinky baby replicas living in the Home Dome with them.
They're called the Tiddlytubbies.
Apparently the Tiddlytubbies live with the Teletubbies in their own special part of the Home Dome.
They have their own individual colours and characters and apparently go to "Tiddlytubbies Sleepybyes" on their musical roundy-round bed.
So, in many ways, the apple does not fall far from the tree.
But people are getting very unsettled wondering how the Tiddlytubbies have come into existence.
From Vector To Zoonotic: A Glossary For Infectious Diseases
Enlarge this image Katherine Du/NPR Katherine Du/NPR
The world is in a hyperinfectious era. And that means there are a lot of words being tossed around that you might not be familiar with. Or maybe you have a general idea of what they mean but wish you knew more.
Here are some key terms and definitions. And yes, there will be a quiz (coming in March so you have time to study).
What Causes Pandemics? We Do In this series, NPR explores the causes behind our new hyperinfectious era. Join the conversation with the hashtag #KillerViruses or tweet us @NPRGoatsAndSoda
Epidemic: A sudden increase in the number of cases of a disease in a particular geographic area, beyond the number health officials typically expect. An increase that occurs in a relatively small geographic area or among a small group of people may be called an "outbreak."
For example, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention calls HIV/AIDS, which affects 1.2 million people in the United States, an "epidemic." By contrast, the CDC called two cases of sickness from drinking raw milk (listeriosis) in the United States an "outbreak."
Pandemic: An epidemic spanning many countries and/or several continents. The difference between an outbreak, an epidemic and a pandemic can be murky and depends on the opinions of scientists and health officials.
Emerging disease: A disease that occurs in the population of a certain geographic region for the first time, or a disease that's been present at low levels in a region but then rapidly reaches new peaks in the number of cases reported.
Animal-human interface: The points of contact between animals and humans — when people cut down forests and set up dwellings where forest animals are still prevalent, for example. Some types of diseases spread from animals to humans at this interface. (Note: In all these definitions "animal" refers to nonhuman animals.)
Reservoir: An animal, plant or environment in which a disease can persist for long periods of time. For example, some bats serve as a reservoir for rabies and can spread the disease by biting humans. But the bats — and other reservoir species — may not experience symptoms because of built-in immunity.
A disease reservoir is analogous to a water reservoir. But instead of supplying water, a disease reservoir serves as a supply for a virus or other pathogen.
Vector: Any living creature that can pass an infection to another living creature. Humans are technically vectors, but the term is more commonly applied to nonhuman organisms.
Spillover: The transmission of a disease from one species to another. Sometimes a disease may reside in a plant or animal or even in soil, and then spread to humans. This spread of disease is called a "spillover event."
Index case: The first case of a disease known to health officials. Some epidemiologists may refer to an index case as "patient zero."
Zoonotic: Any disease that spreads from animals to people. The animals can range from tiny ticks to lumbering cattle.
One Health: This two-word phrase embodies the view that there's no such thing as just human health or just animal health or just the health of the environment — they're all part of One Health. That's because the health of humans is closely linked to the health of the environment and other animals. Proponents of One Health believe medical doctors, ecologists, veterinarians and other specialists should work together to improve a community's health.
Microbe: A living thing too small for the eye to see, such as bacteria, fungi or viruses. Many microbes are harmless and may even benefit other living things. But some can cause disease among humans, other animals and plants. Microbes that cause disease are called "pathogens" and are informally referred to as "germs."
Epidemiologist Peter Krause of the Yale School of Public Health provided invaluable input for these definitions.
What do you want to know about pandemics? Share your questions by submitting them in our special tool here. Our global health team will answer some of them in an upcoming story.
As on 30 June, the total installed renewable energy capacity across India is 58,303.35MW, of which 13,114.85MW is solar power. Photo: Bloomberg
New Delhi: India is expected to add 9.4 gigawatts (GW) of solar power capacity in 2017 but rising competition is squeezing investor returns, said a report released by Bridge to India (BTI) on Monday.
It added that “it is still an unnerving time for project developers and investors as rising competition forces tariffs down and the sector faces headwinds from module price rises, tender cancellations, GST (goods and services tax) and anti-dumping duty-related uncertainty”.
Despite this, the forecast for total addition of solar power as per BTI's India Solar Compass is more than its forecast earlier this year. In May, BTI released its India Solar Handbook 2017, which said that with 8.8GW of capacity addition projected in the year ahead India is set to become the third biggest solar market globally in 2017, overtaking Japan.
Also read: India to be third largest solar market in 2017: report
The India Solar Compass report, a quarterly update on the Indian solar market, noted that second quarter (Q2) of 2017 was a landmark period in the Indian solar sector with tariffs falling below the critical threshold of Rs3 per unit, making solar power the cheapest new source of power in the country.
“After a bumper Q1 (first quarter) 2017 when India added 3,120 megawatts (MW) of utility scale solar capacity, pace in Q2 2017 was relatively slow at 1,437MW against a scheduled capacity addition of 3,300MW. Highest capacity addition as well as slippage was from the 2,000MW allocation in Telangana,” said the BTI report.
“Around 1,680MW was due to be commissioned in Q2 but only 640MW came online because of delays arising from land and transmission-related issues,” it emphasized.
The report further said that the expected new utility scale capacity addition in Q3 and Q4 2017 will be 1,565MW and 2,265MW respectively. Of the 9.4GW in 2017, the expectation for total rooftop solar capacity is 1,056MW.
“Indian solar sector continues to grow rapidly with capacity addition in 2017 expected to go up y-o-y (year-on-year) by 90%. Rooftop solar is also showing robust growth as solar power becomes increasingly more attractive with falling costs. All this is acting as a huge pull for international investors and equipment suppliers,” said BTI's managing director Vinay Rustagi.
He, however, said that the “challenge is to sustain this growth as discoms (distribution companies) seem to be frozen in the headlights with falling tariffs and weak power demand.”
“The over-riding need of the moment is for central government and regulators to ensure that the tender allocation and project contractual structures are robust and not prone to short-term fluctuations,” he added.
Meanwhile, the report highlighted that more than 3,000MW of new tenders were announced, greater than the aggregate of all new tenders announced in three previous quarters but at the same time, eight tenders with an aggregate capacity of 2,130MW were scrapped due to discoms reconsidering their power procurement options.
As on 30 June, the total installed renewable power capacity across India is 58,303.35MW. Of that 13,114.85MW is solar power. India has an ambitious target of 100GW of solar power by 2022.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former BBC Radio presenter is in an induced coma after being attacked in a bar in Benidorm, according to reports.
Comedian Jimmy Carol, 63, is seriously ill in a hospital in Spain with a bleed on the brain and a fractured skull.
According to reports, he was hit so hard he "hit the floor already unconscious".
He is believed to have woken up briefly in order to "murmur some incomprehensible words" shortly before he was put into an induced coma.
Medics rushed Mr Carol into immediate surgery to release pressure and swelling on his brain.
He has been transferred to Alicante Hospital for further CT scans and monitoring.
His son Daniel is believed to be at his bedside.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
BBC journalist Andy Kershaw said Jimmy's son James confirmed the news on Facebook.
James asked for prayers towards his dad's "full healing and recovery".
The man who allegedly hit Jimmy "ran off immediately afterwards", according to reports. He is believed to be still at large and Spanish police are involved.
On Jimmy's website, he is described as "a man with a social conscience" as well as a "well-established radio presenter and entertainer".
(Image: Facebook)
His biography reads: "From his roots as an entertainer with over thirty years experience both at home and abroad, Jimmy Carol has successfully diversified into other areas of the entertainment sector.
"He is a well-established radio presenter and has interviewed world renowned celebrities for BBC Radio Sheffield's shows.
"More recently, he has extended his skills into theatre, television and voice over work.
"He has also worked as a Compare and has a good track record as an entertaining after dinner Speaker.
"A man with a social conscience, he actively supports various charities, arranging and performing in benefit shows, often coercing his friends in the entertainment world into working beside him on a voluntary basis.
"In summary, Jimmy is an experienced, talented, all-round professional performer."
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate hailed his England team after they exorcised their penalty demons to reach the World Cup quarter-finals.
But the former centre-half revealed the pain of missing a vital penalty back in Euro 96 will never go away.
After losing six of seven shootouts in major tournament history the Three Lions rallied amid disappointment and controversy to beat Colombia in a frenetic last-16 clash in Moscow.
England recovered manfully from the gut punch of seeing Harry Kane's spot-kick cancelled out in stoppage-time by Yerry Mina, which took the match to extra-time and eventually penalties with the score remaining 1-1.
But where previous generations have floundered, Southgate's men flourished.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
While Jordan Henderson saw his penalty saved, Mateus Uribe's attempt rattled the bar and goalkeeper Jordan Pickford denied Carlos Bacca as Eric Dier stepped up to secure a 4-3 win that will live long in the memory.
"Well, it will never be off my back sadly," Southgate said, referring to his missed penalty at Euro 96. "That's something that will live with me forever.
"But today is a special moment for this team and it'll hopefully give belief to the generations of players that will follow because they can see what has happened.
"In life, we always have to believe in what is possible and not be hindered by history or the expectations.
"I think these young players are showing that. They're enjoying the tournament, and we're looking forward now to preparing for the quarter-final."
Sweden now await in Samara on Saturday - a match they approach buoyed by a win secured in adversity.
Wilmar Barrios should have seen red for headbutting Henderson in the first half but England kept composure and streetwise attitude against a Colombia side attempting to outfight in the absence of star James Rodriguez.
(Image: Dan Mullan)
"I am really proud of the way my team played," Southgate said.
"I thought we controlled the game in the 90 minutes. I thought we played with great discipline.
"We were very composed in our use of the ball, and in a big game I think that was impressive from a young group of players.
"We then had to keep our discipline several times, which was outstanding.
(Image: Mike Hewitt - FIFA)
"And we had a cruel blow on 90 minutes, which we then had to show incredible resilience to come back from.
"Although for 10 minutes maybe we were knocked, we then were back in control of the game, trying to push for the win but not leaving ourselves exposed.
"It's a night when I knew we were going to get over the line.
"I just felt we had the resilience and belief to get over the line, whatever it was going to take."
(Image: Hulton Archive)
Southgate's confidence about penalties is somewhat surprising given England had only won one shootout in their history - but this was reward for months after hard work and preparation.
"We had an order," said the England manager, who joked the dressing room was like a "scene from M A S H ".
"I knew the messages that I wanted to give the players, that we were in control of the process.
(Image: Mike Hewitt - FIFA)
"I think we were very calm at the break of extra-time, and at the end of the game.
"We had a couple of injuries that meant we had to change the order a little bit, but I had real faith in the goalkeeper and the penalty takers.
"They showed great composure."
Last year Southgate showed his heartbreaking penalty miss at Euro 96 to his England players as part of a rousing speech.
Southgate's miss proved fatal to England's hopes of securing their first tournament win for 30 years as they crashed out at the semi-final stage to the Germans at Wembley.
And Leicester striker Jamie Vardy revealed a clip of the infamous spot kick was part of Southgate's motivational chat with his stars.
“The penalty was on there, yes," Vardy said at the time. "Yes it was.
"He didn't go into much detail but he wanted it to be on there to show how far he has come as well. Obviously him being in that situation to have his knowledge of that can benefit us quite a lot.”
And if they really wanted some sage advice they could listen to Southgate's mum Barbara, who told her son 'why didn't you just belt it' back in 1996.
Clearly, the newest death of OBL has raised many more questions that have been empirically answered - again, our government is clearly out of control with little accountability. We who question are the ones who are thinking clearly - not the ones who blindly accept WH press releases as incontrovertible proof.
Philadelphia Eagles fans have been showing how much they love their team by proving they can spell. And this repeated E-A-G-L-E-S, Eagles-ing has driven Mall of America security to take a hard line, according to a report from NBC Philly.
After a particularly raucous moment and loud Eagles cheer on Friday afternoon, security was on the case looking for who started the chant. We were told by mall security that fans starting the Eagles cheer would be given a warning before eventually being removed from the establishment for starting the chant. Seriously. Additionally, fans at the Mall of America, which has become Super Bowl central this week, are not permitted to wear dog masks while on the premises. These four masked men, who we asked for a photo, indicated that security was watching them to make sure they did not wear the masks anymore in the mall.
Whoa, and I thought this was America. If a guy can't wander around a crowded shopping mall with a dog mask on his head and periodically shout support for a professional football team, then what's the point of living?
It's a bit disappointing that these assembled Eagles fans learned nothing from Spartacus. In situations like this, everyone is supposed to take responsibility for starting the chant.
Thirty-four hours until kickoff. Thirty-four hours.
New Delhi: Gold prices fell by Rs85 to Rs29,165 per 10 grams at the bullion market on Thursday, tracking a weak trend overseas amid muted demand from local jewellers. However, silver held steady at Rs39,100 per kg on scattered enquiries from consuming industries.
Traders said apart from weak global cues, a fall in demand from local jewellers at domestic spot market mainly kept gold prices lower.
Globally, gold fell 0.47% to $1,260.10 an ounce in New York in Wednesday's trade. In the national capital, gold of 99.9% and 99.5% purity declined further by Rs85 each to Rs29,165 and Rs 29,015 per 10 grams, respectively. The precious metal had lost Rs70 yesterday.
Sovereign, however, remained unaltered at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight grams. On the other hand, silver ready ruled flat at Rs 39,100 per kg, while weekly-based delivery edged up by Rs 15 to Rs 38,965 per kg. However, silver coins continued to be traded at previous level of Rs 72,000 for buying and Rs 73,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola has dismissed Jose Mourinho's claim that the title race is over.
Guardiola has shrugged off Mourinho's insistence that Manchester United are fighting to finish second to Manchester City because of the Blues' 15-point lead and insisted nothing has yet been decided.
“Not yet,” said the City boss. “There are 13 games to go and 39 points to play for.
“It's not over. We have amazingly tough teams to play. Everybody here in England knows how complicated it is to play Burnley. We also have to got to Stoke City and Goodison Park.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“We have still Tottenham, Chelsea, Man United and Arsenal to play, so it's definitely not over.”
Guardiola also revealed that Benjamin Mendy should return to training in March from his knee ligaments injury after adding him to their Champions League squad for the knock-out phase.
He said: “He's much, much better. He's in the States, in New York. I think it's six months now, so maybe in March, he will start to train with us.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Guardiola claimed he did not know yet know the extent of David Silva's injury after he took a blow to his hip against West Brom on Wednesday night.
“Yesterday he couldn't train,” he said. “He took a painful kick in the side. We are going to see tomorrow how it is.”
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Suspected Militants Strike Afghan Interior Ministry, Exchange Gunfire With Police
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rahmat Gul/AP Rahmat Gul/AP
An apparent car bomb and an exchange of gunfire between militants and security forces near the Interior Ministry building in Kabul is the latest in a series of attacks in the Afghan capital in recent weeks.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, but previous attacks — often following the same pattern of a bombing followed by a firefight – have been claimed variously by the Islamic State or the Taliban.
Reuters reports that two loud explosions and gunfire were heard in proximity of the Interior Ministry compound and that police inside reported that the facility was under attack by militants.
Meanwhile, The Associated Press reports that a senior police official says at least one of the explosions was a car bomb.
Afghanistan has witnessed an upsurge in violence in recent months. In January, a Taliban attacker drove an explosives-laden ambulance into the heart of the capital, killing more than 100 people and wounding as many as 235. The following day, 11 soldiers were gunned down at a military academy in Kabul.
There have also been numerous attacks on government buildings and at police checkpoints.
In recent days, security in the capital has tightened after the government warned of "complex attacks" by the Taliban on government or foreign installations, according to AP.
The news agency writes:
GOP Leaders Ready To Pivot From 'Do-Nothing' To Doing A Lot In 2017
Enlarge this image toggle caption Zach Gibson/Getty Images Zach Gibson/Getty Images
As the 115th Congress is sworn on Tuesday, Republicans will be poised to control Washington with a stronger hand than they have in a decade — with the Senate, House and the White House in GOP hands, once President-elect Donald Trump takes office on January 20th.
This past November, Republicans held their congressional losses to a minimum, helped by an unexpectedly strong GOP wave behind Trump. After losing just two Senate seats, they'll hold a 52-48 edge (two independents caucus with Democrats. In the House, Republicans lost six seats, giving them a 241-194 majority.
House Speaker Paul Ryan boasted shortly after Election Day that the "new unified Republican government" would be "focused on turning President-elect Trump's victory into real progress for the American people."
And as NPR congressional correspondent Susan Davis explained, there is precedent for a unified government pushing through sweeping changes early on:
When the White House and Congress have been controlled by the same party, Washington has produced some of the most sweeping — albeit politically polarizing — legislation aimed at shifting the political trajectory of the nation toward the cause of the party in power. In particular, the first two-year congressional session of a new administration — when public approval is generally at its highest for the incoming president — has produced some recent presidents' most memorable legislative imprints.
GOP congressional leaders and Trump agree on many things — tantamount among them their best chance ever to repeal and replace Obamacare, in addition to rolling back federal regulations and increasing infrastructure projects.
But there are some looming showdowns between the incoming president and members of his own party on Capitol Hill — many of whom were less than supportive of Trump in the primaries and lukewarm on his prospects in the general election.
Top Republicans have already signaled their break with Trump over alleged Russian cyberattacks intended to interfere with the U.S. elections. After President Obama announced sweeping sanctions against the country last week, Ryan called the response "overdue" but "appropriate." Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the sanctions were a "a good initial step" and reiterated his support for a congressional investigation into the supposed interference. Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain is planning a hearing for Thursday into the breach, with three top intelligence officials set to testify.
Trump, however, has said the country should "move on" from the cyberattacks. During the campaign he repeatedly praised Russia and its president Vladimir Putin during the campaign, casting doubt that they were behind the intrusion. He even praised Putin as "very smart!" after his muted response to sanctions from the Obama administration. Trump has, however, acquiesced to meeting with U.S. intelligence regarding the cyber breaches this week.
Congress is prepared to get a jump start on confirming Trump's cabinet nominees as well, with hearings on some top appointees beginning next week. But many of his most important picks are controversial, particularly Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson. The Exxon Mobil CEO's ties to Russia and Putin have already raised concern, and he's sure to be pressed about the new sanctions as well.
Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions's nomination for attorney general could be contentious too. While sitting members typically receive deference from their peers, Democrats will draw attention to Sessions's past failure to get confirmation as a federal judge after he had allegedly made racist remarks in the past.
Another looming fight will be when Trump makes his pick for the Supreme Court to succeed the late Justice Antonin Scalia. President Obama's nominee Merrick Garland languished last year as Republicans refused to take up his nomination.
The process of repealing the Affordable Care Act is expected to get started this week as the Senate is expected to take up a budget measure to begin the process of dismantling President Obama's signature domestic achievement. But it won't come quickly. Without a replacement plan on the table, some Republicans are weary of moving too quickly to dismantle the healthcare law for fear it would roil insurance markets if no fix is ready to be implemented.
Soon after the member of the 115th Congress are sworn in on Tuesday, their next task will be to officially re-elect Ryan as speaker. And while there's little drama expected for him to secure the votes he needs after being unanimously renominated by the GOP conference in November, there could still be defections once the voice vote is held on the House floor, particularly from hardline Trump supporters. Two years ago, then-beleaguered Speaker John Boehner had 25 members of his own party vote against him. When Boehner stepped down in October 2015, only nine other Republicans voted for someone other than Ryan.
Ryan distanced himself from Trump just before Election Day after damaging audio emerged of Trump bragging about groping women. The two have since reconciled, but there have been signs of discord among the base. At a rally last month in Ryan's home state of Wisconsin, the speaker was booed. And while Trump quieted the dissenters, he did caution that if Ryan ever opposed him their relationship might not be so rosy any longer.
"Honestly, he's like a fine wine: Every day goes by, I get to appreciate his genius more and more," Trump told the Wisconsin crowd on Dec. 13. "Now, if he ever goes against me, I'm not going to say that, OK?"
It may have been a joke, but speaks to the strain in the most powerful relationship in Washington.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A schoolboy trapped in a Thai cave is wearing an England football shirt - but he missed the club's thrilling penalty shootout win over Colombia.
The boy wore the red, long-sleeve shirt featuring the Three Lions badge and a Nike logo as he spoke to Thai Navy SEAL divers in a new video released Wednesday.
Another is wearing the blue shirt of Chelsea FC.
The youngsters, their 10 football teammates and their 25-year-old coach are in good health and good spirits despite being trapped in the flooded cave for 11 days.
Rescue teams have been giving the group crash courses in swimming and diving as they prepare to get them out safely amid fears they could remain trapped for weeks or months.
(Image: REUTERS)
Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters: "The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people.
"Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive."
If water levels fall and the current weakens, the children will be taken out quickly, he aded.
(Image: REUTERS)
More than 120 million litres of water has been pumped out of the Tham Luang caves in Chiang Rai province so far.
Doctors, medics and counsellors visited the "Wild Boar" football team, along with Thai Navy SEAL divers, to give them medicines and food.
Experts say divers have required three hours to reach the boys, located about 2.5 miles from the mouth of the cave.
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A group of about 30 divers in wetsuits was seen preparing kit and heading for the caves on Wednesday, accompanied by military personnel and a foreign cave expert.
A video released by the SEALS showed two rescuers seated on an elevated part of the cave beside boys wrapped in emergency foil blankets who appeared to be in good spirits, occasionally laughing.
A torch is shone on each boy, who says hello and introduces himself with head bowed and palms pressed together in a traditional "wai" greeting.
(Image: REUTERS)
The group was discovered by the SEALS and two British cave diving experts - Firefighter Rick Stanton and IT consultant John Volanthen - on Monday after vanishing on June 23, when a post-practice outing went awry.
Hundreds of personnel were involved in the vast search effort.
Chiang Rai Governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said the authorities were keen to get the boys out and suggested it might have to happen in phases, but only when safe.
He told reporters: "All 13 don't have to come out at the same time. Who is ready first can go first."
Officials have dismissed as speculation reports that the boys could be trapped for up to four months, although supplies have been prepared for that period of time.
Somboon Sompiangjai, 38, said his son Peerapat, 16, was able to swim, adding that he was confident the SEALS' experience and professionalism would let them get the boys home safely.
He told Reuters: "I am not worried if the kids have to swim and dive. I felt much better after seeing the clips with the children in good spirits, even though they were in there for 10 days."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Liverpool fan is seen lying motionless in the road outside Anfield amid claims Roma ultras used belts in violent clashes before the two clubs' Champions League semi-final match.
Shocking footage shared on Twitter by BBC Sports Editor Dan Roan shows a man lying on his back behind the Kop end at Anfield. A steward is seen making his way towards him.
In a separate image, a man is seen clutching a hammer during a melee.
Some accounts on social media suggested a home fan had been stabbed, but a Merseyside Police spokesman said they had not received any such reports.
He said a 'serious assault' had taken place 10 minutes prior to kick-off.
"We are investigating a serious assault of a man outside the Albert pub on Walton Breck Rd at about 7.35pm, he said."
"Officers are appealing to anyone with information, or mobile phone footage to contact our social media desk via Twitter @MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC."
(Image: Dan Roan / Twitter)
(Image: @bbcsport_david/Twitter)
Before the game, a Liverpool posted a video online, describing the carnage.
He said: "I tried to meet my mate here and then all the Roma fans with their belts, they tried to hit the Liverpool fans. They were aggressive and offensive."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Earlier in the evening, men, believed to be Roma supporters, clashed with police in the city centre with an officer dragging one fan to the ground.
Liverpool face Roma bidding to take a lead back to Italy for the second leg next week as they look for a final berth against either Bayern Munich or Real Madrid.
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Mo Salah struck twice in the first half of the first leg to put Liverpool in the driving seat on the pitch.
You can follow all the action from Anfield LIVE right here.
Apprenticeship drop out rates are increasing across regional Queensland.
Apprenticeship drop out rates are increasing across regional Queensland. Chris Chan GLA061011GAGL
NEARLY 2000 regional Queensland apprentices and trainees have abandoned their training in the past 18 months - and the dropout rate is climbing in the regions.
National Centre for Vocational Education Research figures show across regional Queensland 1926 apprentices and trainees dropped out between mid-2015 and December 2016.
Dropouts increased 5 per cent across inner regional areas including Toowoomba, Bundaberg, Fraser Coast, Gladstone, Rockhampton and Mackay and 10 per cent in outer regional cities including Townsville and Cairns.
The Brisbane the dropout rate decreased 5 per cent.
A recent report from Construction Skills Queensland also details the number of new apprentices in the construction industry decreasing across regional Queensland.
In the Darling Downs the number of new apprentices has decreased from 7.3 apprentices for every 100 workers to 3.9 apprentices.
In the Mackay region the intake rate has dropped from 6 new apprentices for every 100 workers to 3.2.
Industry advocates have called for more access to training at schools and for more mentors for existing regional apprentices to reduce dropouts.
QUT regional economic expert Mark McGovern said young apprentices were not convinced a trade would be worth it because of a lack of infrastructure projects, a depressed rural economy and centralisation of services in cities.
He said the centralisation of such things as railway workshops, power and phone services in central cities meant there was less work in regional areas for people studying those trades.
"It's not like the government doesn't know about these things," he said.
"Each of the parties needs to work out what specifically they are going to do about it.
"The whole rural economy is depressed. That's the base level for employment in regional areas. Investment projects are the cream floating on top of that."
TAFE Queensland SkillsTech acting general manager John Tucker said the number of people completing apprenticeships was linked to a region's economic performance.
When you're in an area where the economy is lagging or a major boom has ended then the number of people dropping out and not finishing their training will increase, he said.
Mr Tucker said financial concerns and a lack of support and two of the main reasons people dropped out of training.
"Then there are definitely some apprentices who see they are getting paid low hourly rates and think they can make more working somewhere else," he said.
"That's a short term view. Over the long term you'll be earning a good wage and in some cases more than people who have gone to university."
Mr Tucker said he encouraged those thinking of doing a trade to test it out using a career start program.
"As a trainer at TAFE we provide student support services to help anyone who needs it. There are other industry groups out there who apprentices and employers can go to if they need support," he said.
Energy Skills Queensland CEO Penelope Twemlow said more support was needed for regional apprentices.
"In regional areas there is a marked difference in the availability of support networks for apprentices," she said.
"There needs to be someone they can talk to when they are starting to have doubt or not enjoy what they are doing, which will happen over the course of four years of training.
"And in some trades that are still male dominated there is a definite need for women mentors for female apprentices to turn to."
Ms Twemlow said increasing the scope and availability of school-based apprenticeships could encourage more young people to stick with a trade.
"At the moment some schools only offer apprenticeships in certain industries - like say tourism," she said.
"It should be that every school, no matter if it's co-ed, or boys or girls only, offers apprenticeships in all industries." - NewsRegional
WHAT WE WANT
Goal: Improve apprenticeship completion rates across regional Queensland.
How we get there:
* More support staff working in training organisations.
* More female mentors to help girls and young women finish trades.
* More regional infrastructure projects to create job certainty.
1. Little quality evidence to make firm conclusions about the effectiveness of cannabis and cannabinoid products for treating chronic pain or PTSD
Free content (Pain): http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M17-0155
Free content (PTSD): http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M17-0477
Editorial: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M17-1713
URLs go live when the embargo lifts
The scientific evidence is too limited to make firm conclusions about the effectiveness and safety of cannabis and cannabinoid products in treating chronic pain or post traumatic stress syndrome (PTSD). The results of two systematic evidence reviews from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) are published in Annals of Internal Medicine.
Cannabis for Chronic Pain
Currently, medical marijuana is legal in 28 states and the District of Columbia and up to 80 percent of persons who seek medicinal cannabis do so for pain management. While the use of medicinal cannabis has become increasingly accepted, there is little comprehensive and critically appraised information about the benefits and harms of using it to treat chronic pain.
Researchers reviewed data from 27 chronic pain trials to determine the benefits and harms of cannabis preparations for treating chronic pain in adults. They found low-strength evidence that cannabis alleviates neuropathic pain but there was insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about the use of medical marijuana for other types of pain. The researchers found sufficient evidence to conclude that cannabis use among the general population could increase risk for harms, including motor vehicle accidents, psychotic symptoms, and short-term cognitive impairment. There was insufficient evidence to determine the risks for other types of harms associated with heavy or long-term cannabis use or in older populations.
Plant-based Cannabis for PTSD
More than one-third of patients seeking cannabis for medical purposes in states where medicinal marijuana use is legal list PTSD as the primary reason for their request. However, there is little scientific evidence available for determining the benefits and harms of cannabis use for treating PTSD.
Researchers reviewed data from 2 systematic reviews and 3 primary studies assessing the benefits and harms of plant-based cannabis preparations (not synthetic cannabinoids) in treating PTSD in adults. They found that evidence was insufficient to draw firm conclusions about the efficacy of cannabis in this patient population, but one of the largest observational studies of veterans with PTSD found small but significant worsening of symptoms in patients who continued or started cannabis use compared with patients who had never used or stopped using cannabis during the study.
The author of an accompanying editorial from Vanderbilt Psychiatric Hospital writes that these findings largely echo the findings of other respected organizations and suggest a growing consensus in the field. Little high-quality evidence exists from which to draw firm conclusions about the efficacy of cannabis and cannabinoid products for treating pain and PTSD. Regardless of the research gaps, states are unlikely to remove medical indications from legislation. Practicing physicians must learn what they can about cannabis, educate their patients, and make recommendations based on the science.
Media contact: For an embargoed PDF, please contact Cara Graeff at cgraeff@acponline.org. To speak with an author from the VA, please contact Daniel E. Herrigstad at daniel.herrigstad@va.gov or 503-402-2975. To speak with the editorialist, please contact Craig Boerner at craig.boerner@vanderbilt.edu or 615-322-4747. 2. A recorded do-not-resuscitate directive significantly increases the likelihood of dying where one chooses
Abstract: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M17-0695
URLs go live when the embargo lifts
An end-of-life plan that includes a recorded do-not-resuscitate directive significantly increases a person's chances of dying where she chooses. A brief research report is published in Annals of Internal Medicine.
Most persons report that they would prefer to die at home or in hospice care, but more persons in England die in a hospital than in these settings (48 versus 29 percent). Researchers at The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust and Imperial College London analyzed routinely collected electronic health records (EHR) to identify the determinants of achieving preferred place of death.
Initially developed as the Electronic Palliative Care Co-ordination System for London, United Kingdom, the Coordinate My Care (CMC) service enables persons to create a digital urgent care plan with their clinicians that is electronically accessible to all health and social care professionals involved in a patient's care. The researchers analyzed health records for more than 9,000 patients with CMC plans and found that more than 75 percent of them died in their preferred place and almost all of them (97.8 percent) preferred to be cared for and die outside of the hospital. In addition, clear limits to treatment were associated with achieving preferred place of death. Those with a recorded do-not-resuscitate order were 76 percent more likely to die in their preferred place than those with a recorded for-resuscitation status.
According to the researchers, these finding suggest that conversations about end-of-life care, including care limits, can be considered a positive gateway to achieving a patient's wishes for their future care.
Media contact: For an embargoed PDF and author contact information, please contact Cara Graeff at cgraeff@acponline.org.
###
Also new in this issue:
Effect of Access to an Electronic Medical Resource on Performance Characteristics of a Certification Examination: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Rebecca S. Lipner, PhD; Bradley G. Brossman, PhD; Kelli M. Samonte, PhD; and Steven J. Durning, MD, PhD
Original Research
Abstract: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M16-2843
Opening the Book on Maintenance of Certification
Steven E. Weinberger, MD
Editorial
Abstract: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M17-1853
Holding Providers Accountable for Health Care Outcomes
David W. Baker, MD, MPH, and Mark R. Chassin, MD, MPP, MPH
Medicine and Public Issues
Abstract: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M17-0691
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Diogo Dalot is set to become Manchester United's first summer signing - but it seems Red Devils supporters aren't best pleased with the deal.
The 19-year-old Porto right-back will set the Old Trafford club back the cost of his release clause - €20million (£17.4million) - and will hopefully become the long-term replacement for current first choice Antonio Valencia.
Red Devils manager Jose Mourinho sees a lot of promise in his compatriot, who made seven senior appearances for Porto last season after breaking through into the first team in February.
The talented youngster is a Portuguese Under-21 international and, rather impressively, featured in Porto's Champions League last-16 tie against Liverpool at Anfield in March.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
But despite Mourinho being convinced Dalot is the right man to take the club forward - where the right-back position is concerned - fans disagree.
It's not that United supporters are unconvinced by the talent of the teen.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Quite the contrary in fact, the fans of the Old Trafford club are well aware of the ability the 19-year-old starlet possesses.
It's just many of them are unsure the club really needs to make the purchase.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Sure, Antonio Valencia is coming to the end of his career at Manchester United, and it makes sense to line up a long-term replacement.
But some fans are understandably asking; doesn't the club already have a replacement for the Ecuadorian? It's hard to disagree.
Haute Couture week in Paris is like regular fashion week on speed. From the Givenchy show to Chanel, Dior, Valentino, and everything in between, celebs show up (front row, of course) for the brands they love, are affiliated with, and wear on the red carpet repeatedly. Here, we track all the celebrity front row sightings from Paris Haute Couture Week this season.
From Olivia Palermo (who we swear changes 12 times a day) to this season's unexpected new style-star, Mandy Moore, here are the women and men of the couture front rows.
VIDEO: See the Celebrity Styles at Paris Couture Fashion Week
Academy award-winning film,, hits the big screen on Tues. April 3 at the Terrace for a rare digital screening. The Guardian calls"the greatest foreign film of all time," and on this special evening you'll get to enjoy both the film and an introduction by College of Charleston associate professor of Italian Giovanna De Luca. Tickets are $12 and can be purchased online.'s Philip French calls, "A funny, deeply moving celebration of the experience of movies."writes, "Bathe in one of cinema's great love songs to cinema." It's a really good movie, OK? In 2013, on the film's 25th anniversary,asked of the film, which was initially a flop in its home country of Italy, "What was the secret of its success?"Unfortunately, a lot of the success has to do with the Weinstein brothers, including now-pariah, Harvey, whose influence helped sway "the relatively small voter-base for the best foreign film Oscar." It begs the question — can we separate art from the artist, or at least its curator? (Sorry, we don't have the answer, but let us know when you've found it.)also quotes Stephen Woolley, who helped release the film in the UK through his company, Palace Pictures (and who first sawon the recommendation of that aforementioned Weinstein brother). Woolley says, "is a movie about memory, and for our generation cinema was a place to congregate, a magical place to let your imagination run free. The character of the cinemas of my childhood and youth were all different and special."The Terrace's screening ofis presented by Paolo's Gelato and Gourmet, which will be serving up $3 paninis all night.
The effectiveness of antibiotics can be altered by combining them with each other, non-antibiotic drugs or even with food additives
The effectiveness of antibiotics can be altered by combining them with each other, non-antibiotic drugs or even with food additives. Depending on the bacterial species, some combinations stop antibiotics from working to their full potential whilst others begin to defeat antibiotic resistance, report EMBL researchers and collaborators in Nature on July 4.
In the first large-scale screening of its kind, scientists profiled almost 3000 drug combinations on three different disease-causing bacteria. The research was led by EMBL group leader Nassos Typas.
Overcoming antibiotic resistance
Overuse and misuse of antibiotics has led to widespread antibiotic resistance. Specific combinations of drugs can help in fighting multi-drug resistant bacterial infections, but they are largely unexplored and rarely used in clinics. That is why in the current paper, the team systematically studied the effect of antibiotics paired with each other, as well as with other drugs and food additives in different species.
Whilst many of the investigated drug combinations lessened the antibiotics' effect, there were over 500 drug combinations which improved antibiotic outcome. A selection of these positive pairings was also tested in multi-drug resistant bacteria, isolated from infected hospital patients, and were found to improve antibiotic effects.
Clinical vanillin?
When vanillin - the compound that gives vanilla its distinctive taste - was paired with one particular antibiotic known as spectinomycin, it helped the antibiotic to enter bacterial cells and inhibit their growth. Spectinomycin was originally developed in the early-1960s for treating gonorrhoea but is rarely used nowadays due to the bacterial resistance that was developed against it. However, in combination with vanillin it could become clinically relevant once again and used for other disease-causing microbes. "Of the combinations tested, this was one of the most effective and promising synergies we identified," says Ana Rita Brochado, first author on the paper and research scientist at EMBL. Pairings such as this could extend the arsenal of weapons in the war against antibiotic resistance.
Curiously, however, vanillin lessened the effect of many other types of antibiotics. The paper showed that vanillin works in a similar way to aspirin to decrease the activity of many antibiotics - although its effects in human cells have not been tested, they are most likely different.
According to Nassos Typas, combinations of drugs that decrease the effect of antibiotics could also be beneficial to human health. "Antibiotics can lead to collateral damage and side effects because they target healthy bacteria as well. But the effects of these drug combinations are highly selective, and often only affect a few bacterial species. In the future, we could use drug combinations to selectively prevent the harmful effects of antibiotics on healthy bacteria. This would also decrease antibiotic resistance development, as healthy bacteria would not be put under pressure to evolve antibiotic resistance, which can later be transferred to dangerous bacteria."
General principles
This research is the first large-scale screening of drug combinations across different bacterial species in the lab. The compounds used have already been approved for safe use in humans, but investigations in mice and clinical studies are still required to test the effectiveness of particular drug combinations in humans. In addition to identifying novel drug combinations, the size of this investigation allowed the scientists to understand some of the general principles behind drug-drug interactions. This will allow more rational selection of drug pairs in the future and may be broadly applicable to other therapeutic areas.
###
NEW YORK (AP) — Bobby Knight. Don King. Sylvester Stallone.
Many of President-elect Donald Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, “The Art of the Deal” was published and he first flirted with running for public office.
The “Go Go 1980s” of New York were spurred by Wall Street's rise. It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan's elite. And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style, Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos, which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities he stood alongside during the campaign.
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove himself across the East River, Trump always sought approval of Manhattan's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself, according to those who tangled with him during that formative decade.
“He would relentlessly promote himself in the newspapers or on TV. He knew how to get press and squash his enemies,” said Geoge Arzt, press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch, who served from 1978 to 1989. The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s “has long been a part of who Trump is,” Arzt added.
In the 1980s, as Trump came of age as a public figure, he opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League.
He fashioned himself into a regular in the gossip pages, playing the city's tabloids off each other as he promoted his personal brand. He also took his first steps onto the national media stage, making his debut on “60 Minutes” in 1985. The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in his heart. Several times at rallies, Trump invoked a “60 Minutes” segment he had just watched and he gave his first post-election interview to the show last month. That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s.
Time Magazine, which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s, also has remained an obsession for Trump.
The celebrity businessman, who complained in recent years that he wasn't named the magazine's Person of the Year, received the award in 2016. He called it a “very, very great honor.” That marked his eighth time on the cover this year alone — something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies. He has taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors, including rapper Kanye West.
But while West is a current megastar, Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during his campaign, even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years.
Knight, the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student, became a favorite sidekick. He first appeared with Trump during the spring's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run.
“One of the reasons I won: Bobby Knight! That's the gold standard, right?” Trump exclaimed in August.
King, the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson's 1980s fights, was also saluted by Trump as “a phenomenal person” despite a conviction for manslaughter. King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at his Palm Beach resort.
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars. Tyson endorsed the celebrity businessman. Actor Scott Baio, an outspoken Trump supporter, reached the zenith of his fame in the 1980s with the shows “Happy Days” and “Charles in Charge.” And on Saturday, actor Sylvester Stallone — who starred in three “Rambo” movies and two “Rocky” sequels in the 1980s — was a star guest at Trump's New Year's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago, the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after he opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as he first floated running for president, he took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was “paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves.” His frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today.
In “The Art of the Deal,” he voiced positions on trade he still holds today. That book, which made him a household name when it was published in 1987, also holds many of the principles that guided Trump's business career — and, decades later, his bombastic campaign for the White House.
“I play into people's fantasies,” he wrote. “People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular.”
___
Reach Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Maguire says ­England's players are “hungry and fearless” as they head into Saturday's World Cup quarter-final showdown with Sweden.
Gareth Southgate's young side go into the clash in Samara on a high, following their historic ­penalty shoot-out win over ­Colombia.
And defender Maguire said England's players overcame a huge psychological barrier by coming through the shoot-out... and they believe nothing can hold them back now.
“There were a lot of questions about us,” he said. “We're a young team, we haven't got that experience, but we're hungry, we're fearless and the boys have shown great ­character.
“We've won a knockout game and we're into the quarter-finals. It's not happened recently, so it's a good chance for us.
(Image: Reuters)
“There might be more pressure, but we're all ready for it.
“It's really big. You've seen, over the past few years, how we've lost shootouts in knockout games, so this has changed that. We can take that confidence into the next game.”
Maguire admits Sweden will be another huge test for Southgate's players, despite them being 24th in FIFA's world rankings — 12 places below England.
“They're really organised and are a really good side," he said. "They sat a bit deep against Switzerland and they might do the same against us. They look to play on the ­counter-attack and they've been really effective from it in this World Cup.”
(Image: Getty)
The Leicester defender admitted England made it hard for themselves by conceding in the 93rd minute to allow Colombia to force extra-time, but said Southgate's players will learn from the experience.
“Obviously, we made it hard work for ourselves and maybe we could have killed the game off,” he said. “But it was tough out there.
“It was a game we felt in control of during all the game – and then there was that little bit of a lapse in concentration. But it's given us great belief to go far in this tournament, although we'll be taking it game by game.”
click to enlarge Mary Scott Hardaway
Look for art installations around town spelling out Love a Local; the letters are up through March 31
With all the recent controversy surrounding the issue of public art in Mt. Pleasant, it's more than refreshing to see public art by local artists popping up around town today. Lowcountry Local First has launched it's #LoveaLocal installation with 10 nine-foot letters — crafted by CofC sculpture studio manager Jordan Fowler — positioned across Johns Island, James Island, North Charleston, and downtown. Not surprisingly, the letters spell out “love a local.”
Today, we found a “C” and an “A” in the Kudu courtyard and on the sidewalk in front of Butcher & Bee, respectively. LLF's Jordan Amaker says a full map delineating all the installation locations will be released March 1. Until then, they're staying mum to add an air of “mystery and scavenger hunting” to the project.
LLF has thus far been pretty successful in maintaining the mystery so far. This morning when we asked an employee at Butcher & Bee if she knew about any other installations (pointing at the letter outside of B&B) she didn't realize that the creative ninjas at LLF had installed a huge “A” a few hundred feet from her building.
click to enlarge Mary Scott Hardaway
A letter "A" mural by Arianne King Comer in front of Butcher and Bee
The installation celebrates both LLF's 10 year anniversary and local artists and businesses that the nonprofit loves. To show gratitude for your fave local joint, or maker, or product, visit the “C” in the Kudu courtyard; the letter is interactive, equipped with pens, paper, and mailboxes. LLF will regularly check for notes and share the messages with local businesses. You can also post a photo on social media and tag a local business using the #LoveaLocal hashtag.
The artists who contributed to the installation include Chambers Austelle, Danielle Lewis, Nic Jenkins, Todd Anderson, Marcus Amaker, Arianne King Comer, Bethany Summers, Lydia Campbell, Kristen Solecki, and Fletcher Williams III.
click to enlarge Mary Scott Hardaway
The interactive "C" in Kudu's courtyard
No plans for V-day? Take your sig other or bestie around town for the scavenger hunt. Be sure to snap some shots, then, March 1, enter the LLF photo contest; use #LoveaLocal with a letter image and LLF will select a random winner to win two free tickets to their 10th annual Chef's Potluck on April 30 at Middleton Place which is always a damn good time.
RANCHI: In a few hours from now, the results of Bihar's Jokihat and Jharkhand's Gomia and Silli Assembly bypoll constituencies will begin. The chief parties in the fray are Janata Dal (United), Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), Jharkhand Mukti Morcha, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), and Congress.
WATCH the Live streaming of by-election results here
In Jharkhand, the Gomia bypoll was necessitated after sitting Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) MLA Yogendra Prasad Mahto was expelled following his conviction in coal theft case. Similarly, the Silli seat fell vacant after the sitting JMM MLA Amit Mahto was convicted in a criminal assault case in March this year.
In Bihar, Sarfaraz Alam had won the Jokihat assembly seat on Janata Dal (United) (JD-U) ticket. He later contested from RJD ticket and resigned in April from the post of MLA after his victory in the Araria Lok Sabha by-poll.
The counting is underway for seven more Assembly seats -- Palus Kadegaon (Maharashtra), Noorpur (Uttar Pradesh), Chengannur (Kerala), Ampati (Meghalaya), Shahkot (Punjab), Tharali (Uttarakhand) and Maheshtala (West Bengal).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Janet Jackson has paid tribute to dad Joe Jackson a day after she led mourners at his funeral.
The singer, 52, posted a childhood picture of her sitting on Joe Jackson's knee.
She captioned the image with a single purple heart.
It's the first tribute Janet has posted on her social media accounts since the patriarch of the famous Jackson entertainment family died on June 27 at the age of 89 after a battle with terminal cancer.
On Monday, Jackson was buried in the same southern California cemetery as his late son Michael.
The family said their goodbyes at a private ceremony at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Michael Ochs Archives)
Jackson died in Las Vegas and is survived by wife Katherine, eight children and dozens of grandchildren.
Eldest son Jackie Jackson posted a photo of himself on Instagram on Monday afternoon in a black suit and sunglasses while dressing one of his young twin sons in a similar suit.
Michael Jackson was entombed in 2009 in the mausoleum at the opulent cemetery that is also the final resting place of Elizabeth Taylor and Walt Disney.
PM Narendra Modi, who was speaking at the 71st Independence Day after hoisting the tricolour from the Red Fort, also referred to the change brought in the transportation sector by the introduction of goods and services tax (GST). Photo: AFP
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday laid emphasis on next-generation infrastructure in the country, referring to projects being undertaken by the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government in the last three years.
Modi said “India needs next generation infrastructure” and the government has always supported infrastructure development.
Modi said in the last three years his government took several decisions, but some things might have gone unnoticed. “The government has tried its best to ensure that diverting the nation from old railway track to new railway track (the development agenda) doesn't reduce the pace of development in the country,” he said.
The prime minister, who was speaking at the 71st Independence Day after hoisting the tricolour from the Red Fort, referred to several government schemes like railway station re-development, airport and inland waterway for small cities, citing them as examples of the government's support to infrastructure development.
He said east India and northeast India have huge potential and these regions can lead to the development of nation. “States like Bihar, Bengal, Assam, North East and Odisha have lots of natural resources and they can take India to a new direction,” said Modi, hinting that these state can be the driving force for the development of the nation.
Modi also referred to the change brought in the transportation sector by the introduction of goods and services tax (GST). He said with the introduction of GST, the transportation timings have reduced by 30% and removal of check posts at various state entries has quickened vehicle movement.
Trump Administration Announces New Restrictions On China Steve Inskeep talks to Peter Navarro, director of the White House National Trade Council, about the tariffs the administration plans to impose on China. Navarro calls it a "historic decision."
Shingles Is Nasty, And The New Vaccine Works Well. Why Do Adults Avoid Shots?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Brookes/Getty Images/Cultura RF Andrew Brookes/Getty Images/Cultura RF
Federal officials have recommended a vaccine against shingles that is more effective than an earlier version at protecting older adults from the painful rash. But persuading many adults to get this and other recommended shots continues to be an uphill battle, health providers say.
" 'I'm healthy; I'll get that when I'm older,' " is what adult patients often tell Dr. Michael Munger when he brings up an annual flu shot or a tetanus-diphtheria booster or the new shingles vaccine. Sometimes, he says, they put him off by questioning a vaccine's effectiveness.
Munger, a family physician in Overland Park, Kan., who is president of the American Academy of Family Physicians, says he gets more pushback from adults about getting their own vaccines than about immunizing their children.
"As parents, we want to make sure our kids are protected. But as adults, we act as if we're invincible."
The new schedule for adult vaccines for people age 19 and older has been updated in the last several months by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices. The most significant change was to recommend Shingrix, the shingles vaccine that was approved by the Food and Drug Administration last fall, over an older version of the vaccine.
Shingrix should be given in two doses between two and six months apart to adults who are at least 50 years old, the CDC says. The older vaccine, Zostavax, can still be given to adults who are 60 or older, but Shingrix is preferred, according to the agency.
In clinical trials, Shingrix was 96.6 percent effective in adults ages 50 to 59, while Zostavax was 70 percent effective. The differences were even more striking in older age groups: Effectiveness in adults 70 and older was 91.3 percent for Shingrix, compared with 38 percent for Zostavax.
Shingrix also provided longer-lasting protection than Zostavax; the older vaccine's effectiveness waned after the first year.
The CDC's guidelines suggest that people who have already had the Zostavax shot be revaccinated with Shingrix.
The two-shot series of Shingrix costs about $280, while Zostavax runs $213.
"What's remarkable [about the new vaccine] is that the high level of immunity persists even in the very old," says Dr. Anne Louise Oaklander, a neurologist at Harvard and Massachusetts General Hospital who studies the complications that can arise with shingles.
Shingles is caused by the same varicella-zoster virus that causes chickenpox. The virus can re-emerge decades after a recovery from chickenpox, often causing a painful rash that may burn or itch for weeks before it subsides.
About 1 in 3 Americans will get shingles during their lifetime, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; there are roughly 1 million cases every year. People are more likely to develop shingles as they age, as well as develop complications like postherpetic neuralgia, which can cause severe, long-standing pain after the shingles rash has disappeared. In rare cases, shingles can lead to blindness, hearing loss or death.
Although shingles vaccination rates have inched upward in recent years, only a third of adults who were 60 or older in 2016 had received the Zostavax vaccine, the CDC says.
Many adults seem to skipping other recommended vaccines, too. Typically, about 45 percent get the annual flu shot, and only 23 percent of those the CDC says should get the pneumococcal and tetanus-diphtheria-pertussis vaccines are up-to-date with those immunizations.
In contrast, by the time children are 3 years old, typically more than 80 percent (and more than 90 percent, in the case of some vaccines) have received recommended immunizations.
Why the discrepancy between kids and grown-ups? Cost can be a big deterrent for adults who are considering some vaccinations. The federal Vaccines for Children program helps parents whose kids are eligible for Medicaid or are uninsured cover the cost of vaccines up to age 19.
Adults with private insurance who get vaccines recommended by the CDC are sheltered from high costs because (under the Affordable Care Act) the shots must be covered by most commercial plans without charging consumers anything out-of-pocket.
Still, patients, should confirm their coverage before requesting the new shingles vaccine, health care providers say; insurers typically add new vaccines gradually to their formularies after they have been added to the recommended list. So some consumers may need to wait a little while before their insurer covers Shingrix.
Vaccine coverage under the Medicare program for people age 65 and older tends to be much less comprehensive. Vaccines to prevent influenza and pneumonia are covered without a copayment under Medicare Part B, which covers outpatient care, while other vaccines — including the shingles vaccine — are typically covered under Part D drug plans. And those Part D plans may leave some beneficiaries on the hook for all or part of the cost of the two-shot series.
That can pose a significant problem for patients.
"Not every Medicare beneficiary elects Part D, and even if you do, some have deductibles and copayments," says Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious-diseases specialist at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine.
And even if adults want to get their recommended shots, some lose track of which they have already received and when. Pediatricians routinely report the vaccines they provide to state or city vaccination registries that electronically collect and consolidate the information. But the registries are not widely used for adults, who are more likely to get vaccines at various locations, such as a pharmacy or at work, for example.
"I'm always asking patients, 'Did you get all the doses in the series?' 'Where did you get them?' " says Dr. Laura Riley, vice chair of obstetrics at Boston's Mass General Hospital, and a member of the CDC's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices. "It can be very challenging to track."
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation. Michelle Andrews is on Twitter @mandrews110.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ander Herrera says patience has been the major reason for Henrikh Mkhitaryan's rise to prominence at Manchester United.
The Armenian arrived at Old Trafford for £26million in the summer, having been player of the year in the Bundesliga during his final season at Borussia Dortmund.
Yet Mkhitaryan, 27, struggled during the early months of the season to make his mark, and after being hauled off during the Manchester derby in September, didn't start another league fixture until December.
However, since then he has impressed for the Red Devils, scoring three goals in eight outings and impressing from a position on the right of midfield.
And Spanish midfielder Herrera, now in his fourth year with United, believes the patient approach is why supporters are seeing the best of Mkhitaryan now.
(Photo: Jan Kruger)
(Photo: Matthew Peters)
Herrera told Sky Sports: "The fans and the club and the staff have been patient with him, that's what I like with this club.
"They knew how good he is but football is not always the case that in your first second you will perform at your best. You have to settle down in one place, adapt yourself to a new life and club, to a new role.
"Now we are seeing the best Mkhitaryan. Or almost the best because I think he can be even better."
Hawaii's Volcanic Eruption Draws Scientific Interest
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
The images from the volcanic eruption on Hawaii's Big Island are breathtaking. Lava is gushing from cracks in the earth, blasting — at times — more than 200 feet in the air. Vog — volcanic fog — from the volcano is drifting as far as Guam.
For those living in the southeast corner of the big island, the eruption is devastating. But it's also presenting an incredible opportunity for scientists, looking to better understand the world usually beneath our feet.
A post shared by N Rott (@narott) on May 27, 2018 at 11:23pm PDT
Every day, night and minute since this major eruption started, scientists have been tracking its progress. Drones buzz over the rivers of lava, blinking red and green at night against the creamsicle glow on the rising smoke. Sensors and monitors record every earthquake and eruption. And teams of volcanologists are out on foot 24 hours a day recording gas levels, lava speeds, fountain heights and whatever other data they can get.
Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island's Tourist-Dependent Economy Kilauea Volcano Disrupts Big Island's Tourist-Dependent Economy Listen · 3:47 3:47
National Residents Near Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Residents Near Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Brace For Uncertainty Listen · 3:50 3:50
Alexa Van Eaton, a physical volcanologist who's usually stationed in Oregon, at Cascades Volcano Observatory, went out recently to record the speed and behavior of a lava flow from fissures 7 and 21. What struck her most was the sound: "You can hear, first of all the coqui frogs, but in the background you can hear the clinkering of the lava, which really does sound like breaking glass."
That word clinkering is actually a technical term. It's the barely audible sound and process of lava breaking.
"As a volcanologist you learn about this term clinker," says Van Eaton, "and for me, it hadn't really sunk in that that's what it actually sounds like. It's clinkering! It's onomatopoeia!"
Van Eaton and other scientists here are very, very excited about the opportunity to study an active volcano. As one scientist put it: Eruptions like this are a window into the inner workings of our planet.
"This is a once-in-a-lifetime process to really be a part of," Van Eaton says.
But the reality of what this volcano is doing to people, their homes and property, is not lost on any of the scientists here. Brett Walker, a PhD student from the University of Hawaii at Manoa, was out collecting lava samples here a few nights ago.
"So as excited as I was to collect this fresh molten piece of lava," she explains, "I'm collecting it on the property of my friend's house, whose house was burning down. So it's just this complete mix of excitedness, happiness and sadness and devastation really."
Enlarge this image toggle caption U.S. Geological Survey U.S. Geological Survey
Wendy Stovall, a volcanologist with the U.S. Geological Survey, says all of the data they're collecting here will drive research for years, helping scientists better understand how volcanoes work all over the world. She says it's a generational event that will define the field like Mount St. Helens did in the 1980s.
"And that will hopefully inform land-use planning, emergency preparedness and keep people's lives from being impacted so heavily like they have during this eruption," Stovall says.
That's the reason Natalia Deligne has been watching the eruption on TV during her lunch breaks. She's a volcanic hazard and risk modeler in New Zealand.
"Our largest city, Auckland, is built on top of a volcanic field," she says. "And so the hazards and impacts we're observing on Kilauea, we can imagine that happening here."
And Deligne's not alone. Scientists across the globe are watching Kilauea — in Costa Rica, Japan, Iceland and others — hoping to learn and prepare for the next eruption.
Federal Reserve Raises Benchmark Interest Rate
Audio will be available later today.
As expected, the central bank voted to increase the rate a quarter point, following its two-day meeting. Though rates are still historically low, the hike means higher borrowing costs for consumers.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
DJ Goldie was today fined £2,463 for attacking a bouncer at Glastonbury Festival.
The 52-year-old - real name Clifford Joseph Price - pushed security guard Dennis Poole and scratched his face after he was denied access to a backstage VIP area.
Last month Goldie became the first person to plead guilty via Facetime after failing to attend court - because he was in Thailand.
That hearing was made more memorable when Goldie was told off when he referred to District Judge Lynne Matthews as "my dear".
He then used Facetime to admit assaulting bouncer Dennis on June 23 last year by beating him.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
But the annoyed judge ordered him to attend today's hearing in person and he arrived early in a smart suit at Bristol Magistrates' Court.
The DJ's 20-year-old daughter, Chance, was also accused of kicking the security guard as he lay on the ground during the brawl at Worthy Farm, Somerset.
But after her dad changed his plea to guilty, prosecutors said it would not be in the public interest to proceed with the case against Chance.
In sentencing, District Judge David Taylor described Price, 52, as "arrogant" and "entitled" before fining him £2,463.
(Image: SWNS.com)
Goldie, whose real name is Clifford Joseph Price, and his daughter Chance Marie Price, 20, were both accused of common assault by beating the security guard on June 23 last year.
The case against Chance was dropped today after her father changed his not guilty plea to guilty via Facetime on March 15.
Before sentencing, Bristol Magistrates' Court heard how Price "came at [security guard Dennis Poole] like a raging bull" and "puffed his chest out" before grabbing him in a headlock.
In a statement, Mr Poole described how Price "came right up in my face, and said he could do what he wanted".
DJ Goldie in court over Glastonbury security guard assault after phoning in guilty plea via FACETIME
(Image: SWNS.com)
It was heard that, on June 23, 2017, Dennis Poole was working as a security guard at Glastonbury Festival, checking wristbands at the BBC backstage area.
Richard Posner, prosecuting, said: "At around 7pm on June 23, Chance Price and another man tried to get into the production area. They had already been in the area, and had left to get food.
"But they were not wearing the correct wristbands, and Mr Poole said someone from inside the area would have to come and get them.
"From his point of view, there was some degree of verbal abuse. Then Chance managed to contact her father, who came towards the gate and indicated they could come through.
"But he was not wearing the correct band to allow him to be in the area, and Mr Poole said that someone with the right level of security would have to come down and escort him out."
(Image: PA)
Mr Posner said a number of security officers working in the vicinity then became witnesses to what unfolded.
Fellow security officer Amanda Ferguson described seeing Mr Price become "agitated".
She said: "He was coming at Dennis like a raging bull. As he stepped into Dennis' personal space he sort of puffed his chest out.
"Then he put both hands on Dennis' chest and tried to push him back."
Ms Ferguson added that she turned her head away for a split second to shut the vehicle access gate - and when she turned back, Price had Mr Poole in a headlock on the floor.
Eyewitness Jordan Stoke described how "the man with the gold teeth got right on top of Dennis".
(Image: Getty Images for Ciroc & Mahiki)
Mr Posner described how Price punched Mr Poole with his right hand, which connected with the security guard's left ear.
Mr Poole also suffered scratches to the right side of his face and neck, where Price scratched him with his nails, as well as grazing to his elbow.
A short piece of video footage captured on a police officer's body-worn camera shows security officers flocking around Price as he grabbed Mr Poole.
His daughter Chance can be spotted on the outskirts of the incident, yelling: "What the f**k are you doing, touching my dad like that?", as a male voice behind the camera yells "Calm down, calm the f**k down."
Mr Posner added that on August 30, 2017, Price voluntarily attended Bridgwater police station and was issued under caution - but denied assaulting Dennis Poole.
Instead, he raised self-defence as an issue when his daughter was refused entry to the backstage area.
A victim impact statement from Dennis Poole revealed he had worked as a security guard for six years - but had given it up in the wake of the "traumatising" incident.
He said: "I had been booked in for several festivals and weekend events throughout the rest of the year, but had to cancel all of those due to the emotional and psychological impact this has had on me.
(Image: Dan Mullan/Getty Images)
"I lost all confidence in my role and had to quit my job as a security guard - a job I loved.
"This incident has scared and traumatised me. I have suffered with nightmares, which keep me up at night, and have suffered financial implications too."
Peter Marshall, defencing Price, said his client was "bitterly disappointed" to have been involved with the incident - and emphasised his widespread charitable work over the past three decades.
Mr Marshall said: "Mr Price is a very private man when it comes to the work he undertakes with children who are underprivileged, deprived and vulnerable.
"He has been involved with Children In Need, the Red Bull Music Academy, as well as with Calm, a charity for those in their 40s and over, contemplating suicide.
"This has been a core consistent over the last 25-30 years, and is ultimately why he was recognised by the palace and awarded an MBE in 2016.
"This is someone who doesn't need to pay back into the community because he has already been paying back into the community."
A testimonial read out from film producer and close friend Tim Barr described Price as a "gifted, generous and sensitive man", as well as a "loving husband and doting father", and a "warm and gregarious person."
Actress Serena Gordon said of Goldie: "He puts his money where his mouth is, and he puts his time where his mouth is."
But District Judge David Taylor said: "In light of the good qualities you have listed, it is more surprising that he decided to abandon his hitherto defence and plead guilty to the crown's case."
Sentencing him, the judge said: "As a high profile performer, you would have been very aware of the importance of backstage security and the proper means of securing entry.
"And yet, attempting to get your own way, you assaulted Mr Poole and put him in a headlock.
"Your entirely unjustified actions demonstrated an arrogant sense of entitlement based on your own self-importance.
"By your conduct, you badly let down those individuals and organisations you have helped over the years, and your position as a role model has been significantly diminished."
Price was ordered to pay a total fine of £2,463 - comprising of a £1,080 fine, £500 in compensation, a victim surcharge of £108, and court costs of £775.
The drum and bass DJ and producer is credited as being one of the artists who put the genre on the mainstream map and was awarded an MBE in 2016.
He also played gold-toothed bodyguard Mr Bullion in the 1999 James Bond film The World Is Not Enough.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Apparently, we don't see most of the things we see. Well, that's my interpretation of some research called “The Uniformity Illusion, Central Stimuli Can Determine Peripheral Perception”. The authors are based at the University of Amsterdam in the Department of Brain and Cognition. So what does the research say?
Well, as you all probably know, when you look at something, you focus on the object and use a very small area of your retina to look at the fine detail of the object. It is something called the fovea that does this, mainly because it has lots of light-receptive cells all packed together so that you, for example, can read the words in front of you now. Surrounding this area is a much larger, much less detail-oriented, area of the retina.
The research got test subjects to look at a number of images that each had a visual illusion. For example, my favourite had lots of circles in the centre, and lots of other four, five, and six-sided symbols around. Except that when you look at the centre of the image, all the other objects around become circles as well. It is slightly freaky.
So what does this have to do with cycling? Well, ever noticed that when you are driving you can fail to see a cyclist? Or when you are riding a cycle you are almost hit by a much faster moving, larger vehicle? Well, they may have imagined that you were not there.
See, the visual system we have appears to just make up the details. Filling in the gaps in our visual field with things that it thinks are there, and ignoring the things that it doesn't see. So, as you approach that roundabout, you are looking at the car, and the area around the fovea is not seeing the person on the cycle also coming around. And this doesn't just apply to people on cycles. It would also apply to people walking across a side road as you turn into that side road.
Given that we probably can't change the human brain to enhance our peripheral vision, could we make the roads safer, given this knowledge?
Well, one thing we could do is design junctions where we don't have to look for multiple, different-sized things near each other at the same time. Roundabouts, for example, that put everybody in the same physical space. The so-called Dutch roundabout proposed at Queen Edith's Way, pictured above, does this by having completely separate rings for people walking, people cycling and people driving. As you approach in a car, you first have to give way to people walking, and then people cycling, and then people driving. One at a time. And it is this one at a time approach that is important. You can use your fovea to look for the man walking his dog, and then the woman cycling to her friend's house, and then the couple in a car. At no point do you have to look for cars and bicycles at the same time.
Some people will complain that you have to give way more times. Five times on average for such a roundabout. But surely it is better to give way five times than give way once and hit the person your brain didn't perceive?
Robin Heydon is chair of the Cambridge Cycling Campaign.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two Roma fans have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a Liverpool fan was left fighting for life following an attack near Anfield this evening.
Two men, aged 25 and 26 from Rome, were held last night and are set to be quizzed by officers after the 53-year-old victim was critically injured.
Police were called to the Albert public house at about 7.35pm, prior to the Champions League clash against Roma, following reports that a man, believed to be from Ireland, had been seriously assaulted.
Paramedics attended at the scene and the victim, who suffered a head injury, was taken to Walton Neurological Centre where his condition is described as critical.
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
Officers are particularly keen to speak to anyone who witnessed the incident and have information which could help them with their inquiries to contact them immediately.
Detective Inspector Paul Speight said: “We believe the victim was in Liverpool, with his brother, for the Liverpool v Roma semi-final and was assaulted during an altercation between Roma and Liverpool fans near to the Albert pub at about 7.35pm.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“Witnesses report that the victim was hit with a belt and then fell to the ground.
"Paramedics treated him at the scene and he was taken by ambulance to Walton Neurological Centre, where he is being treated for a head injury.
(Image: PA)
"His condition is currently described as critical and his next of kin have been informed.
“The place where this incident occurred is right by the ground and was heaving with fans making their way to the game.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"I would appeal to anyone who has any information, or mobile phone footage of the incident to contact us urgently, as information they have could be vital to our investigation.”
Liverpool Football Club said they are "shocked and appalled after a Liverpool supporter was left in a critical condition having been attacked prior to the Champions League fixture against AS Roma."
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
They added: "Our thoughts, in the first instance, are with the victim and his family at this very traumatic time. We will be offering them our full support.
"The club has been liaising with the emergency services since the incident occurred and will continue to do so. "
In Effort To Court Drivers, Lyft Offering Education Discounts
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kelly Sullivan/Getty Images for Lyft Kelly Sullivan/Getty Images for Lyft
Lyft is unveiling a new education program for drivers, offering access to discounted GED and college courses online. The move is an interesting experiment in the gig economy, where a growing class of workers receive zero benefits from a boss and yet competition for their time is fierce.
Many Lyft drivers see their work for the company as a stopgap measure, a flexible way to make money while they try to build a career.
Shanae Watkins, a driver based in Baltimore, would like to become a social worker. She is currently working on her bachelor's in psychology through online classes. "It's better that way with my kids," she says. "I can drive or study while still being present at home when they need me."
Watkins drives for Uber, Lyft, GrubHub and Amazon Flex and, she says, she does not have loyalty to any specific gig company.
"I turn on the apps and see where the demand is," she says. But, she says, if one of them offered help with the cost of school, that could move her to shift her loyalties.
That is the bet that Lyft is making in this new pilot program with Guild Education. The Denver-based startup connects workers to courses provided by nonprofit online schools.
Lyft drivers will receive tuition discounts ranging from 5 percent to 20 percent and, according to the company, the average driver working with Guild to earn a degree can save up to $4,220 per year.
Drivers can take English as a second language and GED courses, as well as earn an associates, bachelor's or master's degree online in subjects including IT, nursing, social work, occupational therapy and business.
Lyft would not disclose how much the program will cost the company. According to a Lyft survey of drivers to be published next month, 47 percent do not have a college degree.
Gabe Cohen, general manager for Lyft in Denver, says internal surveys show that drivers want to earn degrees. This move serves that goal, as well as the startup's business interests.
"It is important that drivers feel loyalty to Lyft," Cohen says.
There is fierce competition for drivers in the ride-hailing industry. Companies pour money into marketing budgets, placing ads on billboards and popular radio stations in an effort to recruit.
This new education benefit could be a more effective tool and even prompt the largest ride-hailing company, Uber, to do the same. In response to pressure from drivers who pointed out that Lyft offered in-app tipping, Uber started offering the feature this summer.
To qualify, a driver must have completed 10 rides for Lyft in the current or previous quarter, and then 10 rides per month.
"It is a low bar," says Zoe Weintraub, who directs sales and corporate partnerships at Guild.
Turnover among the hourly workforce is notoriously high. Lyft is the first company in the gig economy to offer these education benefits to its drivers.
Guild's other clients include the fast-food chain Chipotle which, Weintraub says, has seen a clear benefit to retention: 98 percent of the employees who enrolled in its education programs stayed with the company over a 90-day period.
David Weil, dean at Brandeis University's Heller School of Social Policy and Management, is not impressed. Weil, who was in charge of investigating companies that misclassify workers under the Obama administration, describes the move by Lyft as strategic, but not generous.
Lyft and Uber are fighting in courts against claims that drivers are employees entitled to benefits like paid sick leave and health care.
"The ride-hailing companies can't erase the fact that their business models are having drivers do all sorts of things an employee would do," Weil says. To offer training is "really nice" but it doesn't mean Lyft should "be rewarded by having the other responsibilities removed," he says.
Lyft audited the pilot program to assess if it exposes the company to new legal claims that workers are employees, not independent contractors. A spokesperson says in-house lawyers determined it does not because only benefits that serve as compensation — such as paying a health care premium or matching a 401(k) — could put the "independent contractor" status in jeopardy.
A crash involving two cars at Bubbenhall has caused traffic chaos for those driving into and out of Leamington this morning.
The incident took place at about 7.45am on the A445 Leamington Road between Spring Hill and Pitt Hill.
West Midlands Ambulance Service staff attended the incident assessed a woman in her 20s and man in his 30s .
Both were treated minor injuries and discharged at the scene.
Traffic officers are at the scene.
‘Falsettos' Tickets Available Tuesday
Free tickets for “Falsettos: In Conversation,” the Westport Library's Susan Malloy Lecture in the Arts event in September will become available Tuesday at noon.
On a first-come, first-served basis, tickets will be made available through the Westport Country Playhouse's online box office or by calling (203) 227-4177.
To be held at the Westport Country Playhouse, the Monday, Sept. 11, 7 p.m. event will feature a panel discussion on the Broadway hit “Falsettos,” featuring the men behind the show.
They include Tony Award-winning composer and lyricist William Finn and Tony Award-winning playwright and director James Lapine, plus the revival's Tony-nominated star Stephanie J. Block.
The evening will be moderated by Westport resident Andrew C. Wilk, executive producer of “Live from Lincoln Center.
Cleary's boxer Lewis Williams will be looking to emulate stablemate Morgan Ansell and claim the Three Nations title when he fights at the Magna Science Adventure Centre in Rotherham this weekend.
Williams will need to win two fights to be crowned Elite Three Nations champion at 91kg. Ansell claimed the youth 48kg title in Scotland earlier this month.
England coach Amanda Coulson said: “Every boxer selected to compete will have been preparing really well towards representing England at this prestigious event.
“Each boxer will pick up international experience with an overall goal of being crowned the Elite GB Three Nations champion.”
If Williams is successful he will end the season as Great Britain's number two, putting him in a strong position to challenge current number one Cheavon Clarke with Olympic qualification beginning next year.
Meanwhile, 17-year-old Leamington fighter Josh Finch will box former world champion Ricky Hatton's son Cameron on Cleary's Gym's home show Friday June 8.
Tickets for the show can be purchased by calling Ady Bush on 07581 506820.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Domestic violence victims are being sent sent more than 80 miles away because of a shortage of places in what Labour has called a 'national crisis'.
Shadow communities minister Melanie Onn hit out at the Government as MPs backed a Bill that would give victims access to lifetime tenancies.
It came as a Tory MP called for action over GPs charging almost £100 for letters of evidence of abuse.
Campaigners warn that changes in funding in the domestic violence bill put shelters under dire threat.
Ms Onn told the Commons the current refuge system "is simply failing women across the country".
She added: "Just this Friday, victims of domestic violence from Birmingham were offered accommodation in Burton, Milton Keynes and even as far away as Manchester.
(Image: Grimsby Telegraph)
"And this isn't a small town having a spike in referrals. This is a city of 2.5 million people, sending victims 86 miles away because they don't have the capacity to accommodate vulnerable people.
"Sadly, this fits into a national crisis under this Government."
MPs were speaking at second reading of the Secure Tenancies (Victims of Domestic Abuse) Bill.
The Bill will ensure that victims of domestic violence who have a lifetime social tenancy will be able to retain this lifetime tenancy in new accommodation if they are forced to flee their current home.
It will also ensure that victims of domestic abuse who are joint lifetime tenants and want to remain in their home after the abuser has left or been removed can be granted lifetime tenancy after the joint tenancy has ended.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"This short and focused Bill is an important part of the Government's wider aim of supporting victims of domestic abuse to leave their abusive situation and ensuring that they and their families are provided with the stability and security they need and deserve," said communities minister Heather Wheeler.
"It ensures that where a lifetime tenant is rehoused in these circumstances, or where a victim is granted a new tenancy in their home after the previous tenancy has been brought to an end, the victim does not lose their security of tenure.
"This is about removing an impediment that could prevent victims from leaving their abusive situation, or from taking steps to secure their safety in their current social home."
(Image: PA)
Ms Onn also said the legislation "will remove a key barrier for victims of domestic violence from leaving an abusive relationship and rebuilding their lives".
During the debate, Tory MP Andrew Lewer (Northampton South) said action over fees for GP letters is "possible and certainly desirable", adding: "It would appear that fees approaching £100 can be charged by GPs for letters of evidence of domestic abuse.
"Even when much less than that is charged I think it'd be seen as wrong. It's within the letter of GP contracts as they currently stand maybe, but it's wrong nevertheless."
Mr Lewer said he was sure many GPs would not levy such charges to the vulnerable, but asked ministers to outline what progress has been made on the issue.
The Bill was given an unopposed second reading and will now undergo further scrutiny by MPs at committee stage.
Congress president Rahul Gandhi meets Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana party (SSS) chief Raju Shetti at 10 Janpath in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: PTI
New Delhi: A day after the Congress party hinted that farm distress would be one of its key poll planks in the 2019 polls, Lok Sabha member Raju Shetti-led Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana offered to work with it over farmers' issues. Shetti met Congress chief Rahul Gandhi on Monday to invite him to a farmers convention on 29 March.
“As far as the electoral alliance with Congress is concerned, our party will discuss it first. So far, we have decided to work jointly on farmers' issues,” Shetti told reporters after the meeting according to the Press Trust of India. A possible alliance with Shetti could bolster Congress' charges on farmer distress against the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government.
The meeting on Monday was also attended by Congress general secretary in-charge of Maharashtra, Mohan Prakash, state unit chief Ashok Chavan and senior party leader Mukul Wasnik. Congress leaders are hopeful that a pre-poll alliance with Shetti's party, which was earlier with the NDA, could be struck ahead of both assembly and general elections.
Surfers aren't the only people trying to catch big waves. Scientists at the Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) are trying to do so, too, at least in wave climate forecasts.
Using decades of global climate data generated at a spatial resolution of about 25 kilometers squared, researchers were able to capture the formation of tropical cyclones, also referred to as hurricanes and typhoons, and the extreme waves that they generate. Those same models, when run at resolutions of about 100 kilometers, missed the tropical cyclones and the big waves up to 30 meters high.
Their findings, published in the Feb. 16 issue of Geophysical Research Letters, demonstrate the importance of running climate models at higher resolution. Better predictions of how often extreme waves will hit are important for coastal cities, the military, and industries that rely upon shipping and offshore oil platforms. And, of course, for surfers.
"It's well known that to study tropical cyclones using simulations, the models need to be run at high resolution," said study lead author and postdoctoral fellow Ben Timmermans. "The majority of existing models used to study the global climate are run at resolutions that are insufficient to predict tropical cyclones. The simulations in our study are the first long-duration global data sets to use a resolution of 25 kilometers. It's also the first time a study has specifically examined the impact of resolution increase for ocean waves at a global climatological scale."
The other authors on this study are Dáith? Stone, Michael Wehner, and Harinarayan Krishnan. All authors are scientists in Berkeley Lab's Computational Research Division (CRD).
Zooming in to detect hurricanes
Climate models work by simulating the exchange of air, water, and energy between the grid "boxes." In today's state-of-the-art climate models, these boxes are typically 100 to 200 kilometers wide. That level of detail is good enough to catch the formation and movement of midlatitude storms, the researchers said, because such systems tend to be quite large.
In contrast, tropical cyclones tend to cover a smaller area. While the overall footprint of a hurricane can be broad, the eye of a hurricane can be very compact and well defined, the researchers noted.
"The problem with that 100-kilometer resolution is that it misses key details of the hurricanes and tropical cyclones, which are clearly relevant to the generation of extreme waves," said Stone. "But going to a 25-kilometer resolution data set is computationally challenging. It requires 64 times more computational resources than a 100-kilometer simulation."
The study relied upon the data-crunching power of the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC), a scientific computing user facility funded by the DOE Office of Science and based at Berkeley Lab.
The researchers ran the Community Atmosphere Model version 5 (CAM5) climate model with data collected in three-hour increments at a low resolution of 100 kilometers and at a high resolution of 25?kilometers. They found that the high-resolution simulations included tropical cyclones where the low-resolution ones did not.
Crunching data to catch big waves
To see if the cyclones had an effect on waves, they then ran global wave models at both resolutions. They saw extreme waves in the high-resolution model that did not appear in the low-resolution ones.
"Hurricanes are tricky things to model," said Stone. "We've shown the importance of using a high-resolution data set for producing hurricanes. But the characteristics of hurricanes could change with the climate. People are making projections of changes in ocean waves in a future, warmer world. It's not clear if the 25-kilometer resolution is sufficient for capturing all of the processes involved in the development of a hurricane. But we do know that it's better than 100 kilometers."
While additional high-resolution simulations of the future are on the way, the researchers were able to take a first look at possible conditions at the end of the 21st century. Wehner noted that the biggest waves in Hawaii are projected to be substantially larger in a much warmer future world.
The researchers added that this study only looked at averages of wind-generated waves. One-off "rogue" or "freak" waves cannot be reproduced in these kinds of models, and large waves such as tsunamis are very different since they are caused by seismological activity, not the wind.
The data from this study will be made freely available for use by the wider scientific community.
"In the same way that weather patterns are part of the climate, ocean wave patterns are also part of the 'wave' climate," said Timmermans. "Ocean waves are relevant to the interaction between the ocean and the atmosphere, which affects the planet's climate as a whole."
###
This work was supported by DOE's Office of Science.
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory addresses the world's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel Prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. For more, visit http://www. lbl. gov .
DOE's Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit science.energy.gov.
Ronnie Screwvala's upcoming next titled Karwaan will see stars Irrfan Khan, Dulquer Salmaan and Mithila Palkar rapping for a Malayalam song
Since the film has been shot in the beautiful locales of Kochi and its neighbouring cities, a Malayalam number will be rapped by the lead actors.
Also featuring a smattering of English and Hindi, the song is written and composed by Slow Cheeta aka Chaitanya Sharma, who has also rapped for it.
While talking about the song, Chaitanya says, “Akarsh approached me for a fun rap song called ‘Dhai Kilo Bakwaas,' it's a play on the phrase ‘Dhai Kilo Ka Haath' and talks about people who chicken out of fights”.
The song was filmed on the leads at a timber mill in Kochi. “We rounded up all the locals we could find in the crew and put them in a recording studio to get them to mouth Malayali slangs. So, we have Malayalam, a Hindi chorus, and rap bits in English, followed by Hindi rap, and back to Malayalam,” Chaitanya added.
‘Karwaan‘ revolves around 3 oddballs from different walks of life who are thrown together on a somewhat bizarre journey which helps them find normalcy in their lives.
Produced by Ronnie Screwvala`s creative production house ‘RSVP' in association with ‘Ishka films', Karwaan is directed by Akarsh Khurana and is slated to release on 3rd August, 2018.
French President Francois Hollande on Monday told French soldiers training Iraqi special forces that involvement on the ground against the Islamic State group was key to preventing terror attacks at home.
“Taking action against terrorism here in Iraq is also preventing acts of terrorism on our own soil,” he said at a base of Iraq's elite Counter-Terrorism Service near Baghdad.
-AFP
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Ian Desmond hit his fourth home run of the season and rookie German Marquez pitched effectively into the sixth inning as the Colorado Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5-1 on Wednesday night to snap a three-game losing streak.
Marquez (5-3) gave up one run and four hits in five-plus innings as the Rockies avoided being swept for the first time this season. Raimel Tapia went 4 for 4 and scored three times for Colorado. Jake McGee bailed the Rockies out of a bases-loaded, one-out jam in the seventh. Colorado picked up its major-league the best 25th road win.
The Pirates managed just one extra-base hit and left eight men on as their season-high four-game winning streak came to an end.
Chad Kuhl (1-6) remained winless since the first week of the season. He gave up three runs in five innings and his ERA sits at 5.61 through 12 starts.
NEW YORK (AP) — Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with his 300th homer, a tiebreaking shot that helped the New York Mets rally past the Chicago Cubs for a 9-4 victory Wednesday night.
Injury replacement Lucas Duda added a three-run homer off Hector Rondon, and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for his third hit.
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game, the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the defending World Series champions despite losing second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury.
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. (2-1).
Advertisement
Jerry Blevins (4-0) struck out three of his four batters to earn the win.
Juan Lagares hit a tying triple with two outs in the sixth, the start of a meltdown by Chicago's bullpen that allowed New York to bail out starter Matt Harvey. The right-hander gave up three home runs in four innings, including Anthony Rizzo's latest leadoff shot and a mammoth drive by Kyle Schwarber.
Batting leadoff Tuesday for the first time in his career, Rizzo homered on Zack Wheeler's second pitch to spark a 14-3 rout by the Cubs. The 240-pound slugger did himself one better this time, connecting on the first pitch from Harvey and prompting excited high-fives from giddy teammates in the dugout.
Chicago rookie Ian Happ, who hit a grand slam the previous night, followed with his seventh home run and the Cubs had a 2-0 lead after seven pitches. Schwarber's 467-foot shot over the Shea Bridge, a walkway for Citi Field fans above and beyond the bullpens in right-center, made it 4-1 in the fourth.
With the bases loaded in the bottom half and the Mets short on the bench, manager Terry Collins sent up pitcher Steven Matz to pinch hit for Harvey. Matz came through with an RBI infield single off starter Mike Montgomery, and Lagares trimmed it to 4-3 with a sacrifice fly.
Addison Reed retired Rizzo with the bases loaded for the final out.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: 2B-OF Ben Zobrist (left wrist) was out of the lineup for the second consecutive game but available to pinch hit, manager Joe Maddon said. After a day off Thursday, the team hopes Zobrist can start Friday night in Pittsburgh. If not, the disabled list could become a consideration. … RHP Kyle Hendricks (hand tendinitis) was scheduled to have a second MRI.
Mets: Cespedes received a scheduled rest but is expected to start the next three games against division-rival Washington, Collins said. Cespedes, who recently returned from a strained hamstring, singled as a pinch hitter in the eighth and was immediately removed for a pinch runner. … Conforto (stiff back) was held out of the starting lineup for the third consecutive night but said he felt great. “It tightened up a few days ago and I think we're pretty sensitive to those kinds of things lately,” Conforto said. “We're just being really cautious.” Conforto struck out as a pinch hitter in the sixth. “I think what (Collins) really wants is for me to be 100 percent for this weekend,” Conforto said. … One day after double-play partner Asdrubal Cabrera (thumb) went on the 10-day disabled list, Walker pulled up lame trying to beat out a bunt in the third inning. The team announced he has a left leg injury and will have an MRI on Thursday. Duda entered in the fourth at first base, with Rivera shifting from first to second to replace Walker. And it appears the Mets once again will hold off on calling up hot-hitting shortstop prospect Amed Rosario from Triple-A Las Vegas. Second baseman Gavin Cecchini was scratched from the 51s lineup after Walker got hurt. … LHP Josh Smoker was placed on the 10-day DL with a strained left shoulder and RHP Rafael Montero was recalled from Las Vegas. Smoker threw 81 pitches in long relief Tuesday night — 33 more than his previous career high in the majors.
UP NEXT
Cubs: Begin a three-game series Friday night in Pittsburgh with RHP Eddie Butler (3-2, 4.03 ERA) on the mound against Pirates rookie RHP Trevor Williams (3-3, 5.13).
Mets: With the Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, rookie RHP Robert Gsellman (5-3, 4.95 ERA) gets another start Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. Gsellman threw 6 2/3 shutout innings Saturday in Atlanta and has won a career-best three straight outings. After making two relief appearances, he is 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA in four starts since returning to the rotation. He faces Nationals LHP Gio Gonzalez (5-1, 2.91), who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field — including a 3-1 win over Jacob deGrom on April 22 during Washington's three-game sweep.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
VP Pence Visits Pennsylvania To Campaign In Congressional Special Election Vice President Pence campaigned in western Pennsylvania on Friday, defending a reliable GOP House seat that Democrats are making a bid in hopes to pick up with a candidate, who on paper at least, has a resume that could convince right-leaning voters to back him.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The BBC is heading to the courts to find the source of leaked footage of the next Doctor Who is a series.
A 53-second clip featuring new Doctor Jodie Whittaker was shared via California-based internet forum app Tapatalk a week ago.
BBC Studios said it takes “theft and illegal distribution of our content extremely seriously” and insiders fear other clips could leak.
So the Beeb has filed an application with the California Federal Court in an attempt to force Tapatalk to produce records. But it faces a tough task under US laws.
(Image: Getty)
BBC Studios said: “We will strive to protect our programme-makers, audiences and licence fee payers from any breaches of security – ensuring Doctor Who fans enjoy the final and fully completed version of the episode when it premieres.”
Jodie is the first woman to play the Doctor and her first series is due to be broadcast during the autumn.
Man To Plead Guilty To Buying Weapons Used In San Bernardino Attack
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Robles/AP Bill Robles/AP
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
The Economics Of A Monthly Movie Pass We investigate the economic mystery of how a movie pass for $10 a month can offer daily movies at just about any theater.
Michael Flynn Left The Trump White House This Week. Here's How That Happened
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images
The events leading to Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week, with constant new updates about what he said, to whom and when. But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer. Here's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser less than one month into the Trump administration.
June through November 2016
Early in the summer, the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee. Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump, as well as internal emails and chats.
In late July, WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers. Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC chair.
Donald Trump, meanwhile, eggs the Russians on.
"Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," he says.
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months, saying in a debate that China or "somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds" could have been behind the breaches. Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it's "confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails," Trump dismisses concerns about the breach.
"You ever notice anything that goes wrong, they blame Russia? 'Russia did it.' They have no idea," he says in a speech.
Nov. 8, 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election.
Nov. 18, 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be his national security adviser. Flynn, it is later reported, had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election.
Dec. 9, 2016
Then-President Obama orders a "full review" of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections, going back to 2008.
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election.
The Trump transition office issues a statement:
"These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction," the statement says. "The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history. [Note: This is incorrect.] It's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again.' "
Dec. 12, 2016
Trump tweets: "Unless you catch 'hackers' in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"
Dec. 15, 2016
Trump tweets, "If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?"
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that then-President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking, but he also "had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening."
Obama tells NPR's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia, one way or another, in response to that country's attempts to influence the U.S. election.
"I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, that we need to take action," he says. "And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing. Some of it may be explicit and publicized; some of it may not be."
He added, "But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this, because I spoke to him directly about it."
Dec. 25, 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays (per remarks later made by Sean Spicer on Jan. 13, 2017).
Dec. 29, 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia's Federal Security Service, the FSB; the country's main foreign intelligence agency, known as the GRU; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU.
In addition, the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were "used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes."
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak regarding sanctions took place (this story would break on Jan. 12, 2017). According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9, two officials "said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president."
Jan. 6, 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee.
"Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him," the report says. The authors added that "Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process."
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report's contents. Afterward, he releases a statement lumping Russia in with China and "other countries" and insisting that the hacking had "absolutely no effect" on the election's outcome:
"While Russia, China, other countries, outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions, businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee, there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines."
However, as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier, it's impossible to know the impact: "Certainly the intelligence community can't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made. There is no way for us to gauge that."
Jan. 10, 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee (and Alabama Sen.) Jeff Sessions says in his confirmation hearing that he "has no reason to doubt" the report's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack.
Jan. 11, 2017
In his confirmation hearing, then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that he thinks it's "a fair assumption" that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election. He also adds that the intelligence report on Russian hacking "clearly is troubling."
Jan. 12, 2017
The Washington Post's David Ignatius reports that "a senior U.S. government official, Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29," the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats.
Jan. 13, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak, but that the conversation was on Dec. 28, and that it wasn't about sanctions.
He says that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th, asking if he could give Flynn a call. Kislyak then called that day, and according to Spicer, "the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after he was sworn in, and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call. That was it, plain and simple."
This proves to be untrue, as two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that a call took place on Dec. 29.
Jan. 15, 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss "whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications," as the Washington Post has reported.
Later that day, on CBS's Face the Nation, Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions.
"What I can confirm, having spoken to him about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions," Pence said.
Upon further questioning from John Dickerson, Pence added, "I don't believe there were more conversations" as well as "I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion."
After the Pence interview, the Post reports, the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was "more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call, contrary to public statements."
Jan. 19, 2017
According to the Washington Post, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, DNI James Clapper and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications.
Jan. 26, 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak, as Spicer later reports at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing.
Feb. 8, 2017
In an interview, Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak, according to the Washington Post.
Feb. 9, 2017
A Flynn spokesman says that the retired lieutenant general "indicated that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn't be certain that the topic never came up," according to the Post.
This is also the day Pence "became aware of the incomplete information he'd received ... based on media accounts," according to Pence press secretary Marc Lotter, who spoke to reporters on Feb. 14.
Feb. 13, 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn "does enjoy the full confidence of the president."
Later in the day, Spicer says that Trump is "evaluating the situation" regarding Flynn.
That night, Flynn resigns as national security adviser. In a statement, he admits accidental wrongdoing:
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology."
The White House announces that retired Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser.
Feb. 14, 2017
Spicer says that 17 days prior, White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when he told Pence he hadn't discussed sanctions with Kislyak, as reported by the New York Times.
At a press briefing, Spicer says of the resignation, "We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue," adding that Trump was "concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others."
Politico reports that there's still more to come on the Flynn story, according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee:
"Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning, and more information will surface in the coming days, according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting."
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn's contacts with Russian officials, and Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the intelligence committee, says Flynn should meet with the committee "very soon."
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom
PESHAWAR, Pakistan (AP) - Militants have ambushed a polio vaccination team in a remote tribal region in Pakistan, killing two of the medical workers and seriously wounding another two, officials said Sunday.
The gunmen also attacked tribal police and the paramilitary Frontier Corps when they responded to the attack late Saturday, killing one paramilitary and wounding another.
Polio workers have come under attack on several occasions since it was revealed that the CIA used a polio vaccination campaign as a ruse to get information on Osama bin Laden, who was killed by U.S. commandos in Pakistan in 2011.Those revelations fed into claims by Islamic extremists that the vaccinations are part of a Western plot against Muslims.
Pakistan is one of the only countries in the world where polio is still endemic, along with Afghanistan and Nigeria.
An official in Pakistan's restive Mohmand Agency, Younus Khan, said two workers from the seven-member polio vaccination team went missing after the attack but later returned unharmed. He says security forces are still searching for the attackers.
Jamaatul Ahrar, a faction of the Pakistani Taliban, claimed the attack.
Khan said the bodies of the anti-polio workers were handed over to relatives and their funeral will take place later in the day.
Provincial Governor Iqbal Zafar Jhagra condemned the attack, calling the polio workers "heroes."
___
Associated Press writer Ishtiaq Mahsud in Dera Ismail Khan, Pakistan, contributed to this report.
Looking up these dynamic pixilated bed set designs and don't think twice to have it since the performance of this dynamic bed set was completely included both comfortable and stylish look. The designer of this bedroom furniture was tried to introduce new outstanding furniture for our best space in our home. If we were look out this bedroom furniture, we were looking such as a modular pattern that covered with dynamic color scheme. The performance of this bed was completed with pillow and head bed side. So, if we were applying or want to have this furniture we were already got as one package. As the space where a miracle can happen, our bedrooms have to be the most comfortable space in our home so that it is a must to decorate our home as best as we can do. Through these modular pixilated bed decorations we were already tried to accommodate our passion in style and comfy. We will get a fashionable look through the performance of this bed set and the comfy though through the material that uses to make this furniture. The best fabricated material was uses to make these modern bedding set collections.[via]
Originally Posted On Iroonie
The high concentration of international as well as regional companies has made the vendor landscape of the global oral contraceptive pills market highly competitive, observes a recent market research report by Transparency Market Research. To gain a stronger hold on the market, companies are seen focusing on untapped regional markets with vast unmet needs. Companies have also increased their focus on ways of improving visibility of their products in emerging market through ploughing more funds into innovative marketing strategies to gain the attention of masses towards the benefits of contraceptives in conservative regions.
Request for the Sample Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=8323
Some of the leading companies in the market are Allergan (Actavis) plc., Teva Pharmaceutical, Alkem, Taj Pharma, and Zydus Alidec. According to the report, the global oral contraceptive pills market is expected to rise to a valuation of US$22.9 bn by 2023.
Based on the type of medication, the segment of combination oral contraceptive pills remains one of the leading and most lucrative segments and is likely to rise to a valuation of US$18 bn by 2023. The segment is also expected to surpass other segments in terms of growth rate, continuing to account for a significant share in the overall market by the end of the report's forecast period.
Geographically, the market in North America is expected to continue to dominate the global market over the forecast period. The market in Asia Pacific, however, is expected to emerge as the most promising regional market in terms of new growth opportunities. Factors such as high population, increased awareness regarding the need for contraceptives for birth control and the easy availability of oral contraceptives as a convenient way of birth control are expected to work in favor of the regional market.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=8323
Some of the key factors driving the global oral contraceptive pills market include a stark rise in the prevalence of unwanted pregnancies, among married as well as unmarried women globally, increased awareness regarding the need easy availability of contraceptives, and rise in efforts from governments to increased awareness regarding contraceptives. Changing lifestyles, rapidly melting social, religious, and ethical barriers, and late pregnancies are also leading to a significant surge in the uptake of oral contraceptive pills globally.
However, the market continues to be limited by social and religious barriers across a number of conservatives developed as well as developing countries. Thus a large population of women across the globe confined by these factors is either unable to acquire contraceptives or are required to abstain from the usage of any form of contraceptives. These factors could hamper the growth of the market to a certain degree over the report's forecast period. Stringent regulations and policies associated with reproductive rights could also challenge the growth of the oral contraceptive pills market in certain countries in the near future.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/report-toc/8323
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's defeat by Barnsley left Steve Bruce's club just seven points from the relegation zone following their seventh defeat in their last eight outings.
To use a popular phrase, the 'churn' at Villa Park during the January transfer window was considerable – with seven players arriving and six departing.
Bruce swapped his system following last weekend's defeat by Ipswich Town for the visit of the Tykes.
But Villa were still on the receiving end – a far cry from the seven wins in the Geordie's first dozen games that re-kindled hopes the club would mount a charge towards the play-offs.
Yet Bruce gave a robust and honest assessment at the final whistle...
(Photo: Neville Williams)
Reporter: Tough evening, Steve?
Steve Bruce: It's been a tough few weeks, no disputing that. The last two games in particular, it seems a carbon-copy.
We start brightly enough, create a few chances, make a mistake and the roof caves in.
In that respect, it makes it a tough evening.
It's one of those difficult periods. A hard six weeks. But we have to be determined enough to see it through.
Sometimes it's like that but that's what we have to aim to do.
(Photo: Neville Williams)
What did you make of their penalty?
If it is one, then it's very harsh. I've seen it four or five times again. I'm not going to make that an excuse. But it was harsh and one mistake has cost us.
But some of the defending – particularly for the third goal – was calamitous. Mistake after mistake...and that's crept into our game.
Every mistake we have made has been punished.
That was evident again tonight at 2-1. We thought: 'Right, let's kick on then,' but within seven minutes we're 3-1 down and it's very difficult from there.
(Photo: Neville Williams)
Is it a psychological issue?
One of the reasons why we have one of the biggest wage bills in the Championship is that we have to deal with that expectation.
That's why they get paid more than anyone else in this division. They are paid to handle the expectation.
I have to say the crowd have been nothing short of magnificent. It's difficult for them to handle it, to watch some of the stuff we're doing which is making mistake after mistake.
Is the team struggling to find an identity at the moment?
Yes, that's fair to say. We seem to have found it six weeks ago. We had impact and changed one or two things.
Maybe there has been too much change which I thought might be needed. Maybe at the wrong time.
It's my responsibility. But it's difficult because you used to be able to seep it in via the loan system. Now you have to make instant change.
(Photo: Neville Williams)
You need time to work with them. The lads who have come in...they've realised...it was easy to persuade them to come here. Very easy.
But they realise now how difficult it is. I'm convinced they are made of the right stuff. They will get better and it's up to me to make them better.
What's happened to Grealish, he has gone right off the boil?
I'm not going to criticise individuals, you know my stance. For me, it's the team and the team didn't function well enough.
So, it would be unfair of me to criticise an individual. But as a team – and the manager – haven't been good enough over the past five weeks.
That goes for all of us.
(Photo: Neville Williams)
Are you looking over your shoulder at the bottom of the table?
I've been accused of not caring and my body language is supposed to be crap and all this, that and the other.
It's the best and biggest club I've had in 20 years of management. Given time, I know for a fact I'll do it, but we're up against it at the moment. It's now you show your mettle. Roll your sleeves up, baton down the hatches and get ready to ride the storm. There will be one. Every man and his dog will have their say.
But I'm determined. I know what's required in this division – and we're short of it at the minute.
We're short of what we need in the Championship. It was evident. We've just seen it.
(Photo: Neville Williams)
It is difficult to change that mentality Steve. The football club has the name, but not the ingredients to take it forward.
It's Aston Villa. We've got the name, the big stadium and the big crowd and you're right where, for the best part of two months we were just short.
But for the sake of the club, I thought it was the right thing to do.
The way it happened, I know it will get better. We have two full-backs waiting in the wings who will provide competition for Alan Hutton and Jordan Amavi, for instance.
So, there's been big change over the club for far too long.
We have to ride the storm, stick your chest out and it's tough to come in here, do the television but it is what it is: Show your balls.
(Photo: Neville Williams)
Are the players letting you down?
That's for you to write. I feel for them at the minute because they are bright to start with but when you are up against it, you have to do the basics better than we are.
We have made too many mistakes, then we get caught up in it, then the mentality kicks in.
But I have to say again the crowd were terrific. Nothing but a help to them. There are a few disappointed people – and rightly so – but they were magnificent overall.
Is goal-scoring the real problem though?
There's a lack of goals. But we can't keep a clean sheet, either. That's why we are where we are.
We have to give ourselves a base. That's what the Championship is. You do the basics well.
They've had five attempts and scored three goals. We've had 30.
That's where we are.
(Photo: Neville Williams)
How big a shock has this come to you Steve, having started so well?
I was under no illusions as to how difficult it was. Even though we had a decent start, I knew. It still is.
Hopefully, we will be given time to turn it around. We've only been here four months.
We have to see it through.
Is there any thought you might get dragged into what's going on at the bottom?
I haven't seen the table tonight. I don't fear it. But you can't dismiss it, either.
Shifting Trade Talks With China Head Toward Confrontation David Greene talks to Amy Celico, who was in the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative under President George W. Bush, about the U.S. moving forward with punitive tariffs.
New Delhi: Roger Federer has withdrawn from Western & Southern Open due to a back injury, representatives of the Cincinnati-based tournament announced Monday that he is unable to play due to a back injury.
"I always enjoy playing here," Federer said in a statement. "Cincinnati has some of the best fans in the world and I am sorry I will miss them."
He will be replaced in the draw by Thomas Fabbiano.
Federer's withdrawal means Rafael Nadal is likely to take over the No. 1 spot in the ATP rankings after the Cincinnati tournament.
Federer, the Australian Open and Wimbledon champion this year, lost in the Rogers Cup final Sunday to Alexander Zverev. After the final, Federer said he was dealing with muscle pain after playing the hard-court tournament.
He is another high-profile tennis star to drop out of the Cincinnati tournament, along with Andy Murray and Marin Cilic. Murray is dealing with a hip injury, while Cilic has an adductor injury that he suffered at Wimbledon.
On the women's side, Victoria Azarenka and Maria Sharapova have announced that they will not play in the event.
They will all turn their focus to the US Open, which begins August 28.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
McAdoo
Borough officials said an ordinance requires dog owners to have a bag with them at all times when walking their pets alongside homes, vacant lots, sidewalks, near the cemeteries or elsewhere. Failure to carry a bag and pick up the feces is a violation of the ordinance and punishable by fines and court costs. Also, when walking pets, residents must keep them off private property. The McAdoo Police Department is encouraging residents to report suspicious or malicious activity.
Nuremberg
The fourth annual wiener dog races will take place at the Nuremberg Celebration at 1:30 p.m. Sept. 3 at North Union Park, 283 Mahanoy St. The Rev. Philip Smith will bless pets at 12:30 p.m. The registration deadline is Aug. 28. To register, call 570-956-4159 or 570-384-3645.
Nuremberg
Nuremberg-Weston Volunteer Fire Company will hold its first 7K run/walk and one-mile fun run from 9 a.m. to noon Sept. 9. The 7K course will begin at the firehall, go through Nuremberg into Weston and end back at the firehall. There will also be tricky trays, hot dogs and potato cakes for sale at the firehall during the race. To register or for more information, visit www.runsignup.com or www.nwvfc.org. To donate a tricky tray, call Deb Enama at 570-384-3592. Anyone who can volunteer on the day of the race should call or text Doug Demshock at 570-751-3162 or Rhonda Lescowitch at 570-956-8269.
Orwigsburg
Salem United Methodist Church, 132 S. Liberty St., will sponsor the third annual OrWINGSburg Cook-off from 3 to 7 p.m. Aug. 27. Admission is free. Registration forms are available at www.SalemUM.com. There will be prizes for the top three winners in the amateur and professional categories. For more information, call 570-943-7688.
Pottsville
Team Iris will sponsor an event called Fun for Funds beginning at noon Aug. 26 at the Billie Payne Roundhouse, Seventh Street and Laurel Boulevard. It will be a chance to help Iris Staff in her battle with carcinoid cancer. For more information, call 570-385-1822.
Pottsville
Diakon Living and Learning, 118 S. Centre St., has a host of activities, classes, workshops and creative/healthful initiatives on its agenda. For more information regarding costs, types of sessions, dates/times and locations, call Susan Long at 570-624-3018 or email her at longs@diakon.org. For more information, visit www.diakon.org/community-services/Living-Learning-After-50.
Shenandoah
The Polish American Fire Company, Centre and West streets, will hold its third annual Rock the Block event from 6 to 10 p.m. Aug. 31 adjacent to the firehouse on North West Street. The cost for a mug is $10, which entitles patrons to liquid refreshments and music by a local disc jockey. Tickets are available at the firehouse, The Pizza Shop and Vernalis Restaurant along South Main Street. To buy a mug, people must be 21 or older. For more information, call 570-590-4088 or 570-205-4261.
Tower City
The Tower City Rotary Club will sponsor a rabies clinic from 10 a.m. to noon Aug. 26 at the Tower City Ambulance building. Rabies and distemper shots for both cats and dogs are $15 and a feline leukemia shot is $20. For more information, call Karen at 570-640-7350.
Valley View
The Valley View American Legion, 1025 W. Main St., will have a pig roast from 3 to 7 p.m. Saturday. For more information, email jm.881968@gmail.com.
WASHINGTON — Another reason to get a good night's sleep: Sleep deprivation and intoxication impair many bodily functions in similar ways, according to sleep experts.
“Our reaction time, our movement time, our cognitive decisions, our awareness of space and temporal positioning — that's what alcohol [influences]. Sleep deprivation does the same thing,” said Farrell Cahill, associate research director of Medisys Health Group
For what is considered adequate sleep, people typically need between seven and nine hours of sleep at a time. Six hours or fewer is considered sleep deprivation, Cahill said.
Signs that Cahill said indicate you may suffer from chronic sleep deprivation include:
Lethargy and lack of energy
Increase in inappropriate appetite
Increased irritability
Inability to govern sleep patterns
Emotional imbalance
Difficulty dealing with day-to-day stressors
Because sleep deprivation impacts bodily functions and metabolism, including appetite-regulating hormones, it also may cause someone to consume food when they don't actually need it, Cahill said.
“Sleep deprivation […] now is a culprit potentially in the development of obesity in our society today,” Cahill said.
Numerous studies have observed the effects of sleep deprivation, but in one of the largest sleep deprivation studies of its kind, Cambridge Brain Sciences is helping to launch a study to understand these mechanisms in more detail.
Suggestions for getting a good night's sleep include getting regular exercise, reducing stress, avoiding caffeine, limiting alcohol, turning off electronic devices before bedtime and keeping a regular schedule, according to Adrian Owen, M.D., the neuroscientist leading the new study.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack on another cafe that left 30 people dead. Photo: Reuters
Ouagadougou: The spokesman for the Burkina Faso government said that the country's special forces have ended an attack by suspected Islamic extremists on an upscale Turkish restaurant in the West African country's capital, Ouagadougou.
“At this moment our forces have neutralized two terrorists and the number of casualties, still provisional, is 18 dead and several wounded,” communications minister and government spokesman Remy Danguinou told journalists on Monday morning.
He said the dead are “mainly children and women” and the toll could rise because several people were wounded by the gunfire.
At least three members of Burkina Faso's security forces were wounded during the assault, which lasted for nearly seven hours, said capt. Guy Ye, spokesman of the security forces.
The assailants arrived at the restaurant on motorcycles and then began shooting randomly at the crowds dining Sunday evening, he said. Security forces arrived at the scene with armoured vehicles after reports of shots being fired near Aziz Istanbul.
This is the second such attack on a restaurant popular with foreigners in the last two years.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued throughout the early hours of Monday. Gunfire could be heard almost seven hours after the attack began.
In addition to those killed, eight others were wounded, Danguinou told journalists. The victims came from several different nationalities, he said. At least one of the dead was French and another was Turkish.
The attack brought back painful memories of the January 2016 attack at another cafe that left 30 people dead.
Burkina Faso, a landlocked nation in West Africa, is one of the poorest countries in the world. It shares a northern border with Mali, which has long battled Islamic extremists.
In the 2016 attack, the attackers were of foreign origin, according to Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, which claimed responsibility for those killings along with the jihadi group known as Al Mourabitoun. But the terror threat in Burkina Faso is increasingly home-grown, experts say.
The northern border region is now the home of a local preacher, Ibrahim Malam Dicko, who has claimed responsibility for recent deadly attacks against troops and civilians. His association, Ansarul Islam, is now considered a terrorist group by Burkina Faso's government.
Celebrity Chef Mario Batali Steps Aside After Allegations Of Sexual Misconduct
Celebrity chef Mario Batali has stepped down from daily operations at his restaurant company after allegations of sexual misconduct. NPR's Kelly McEvers speaks with Amanda Kludt, Editor-in-Chief of the online publication Eater, which broke the story.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
One of the country's best-known celebrity chefs has left day-to-day operations of his businesses after multiple allegations of sexual misconduct.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "MOLTO MARIO")
MARIO BATALI: Hello, and welcome. My name's Mario Batali, and this is "Molto Mario." I'm here with my good friends Ken (ph), Christy (ph) and Michael (ph). And today we're talking about the basic pasta sauce primer. You've seen...
MCEVERS: Mario Batali has said in a statement that complaints detailed today in a report match up with his behavior in the past. That report comes from the online site Eater. It describes the accounts of four women over a period of at least 20 years. Amanda Kludt is editor-in-chief of Eater, and she's with us now from New York. Hi there.
AMANDA KLUDT: Hi, Kelly.
MCEVERS: So the story starts with a woman who's a chef who met Mario Batali 10 years ago at a party. What happened?
KLUDT: She was at a party in New Orleans. And he was being sexually suggestive to her throughout the party. But then at one point, someone spills wine on her shirt, and he tried to mop it up with his hands. But it obviously wasn't in a friendly way. It was in a much more sexual way.
MCEVERS: And this story matched what your reporters heard from other women, yes? What can you tell us about some of the other claims and who they came from?
KLUDT: Sure. We had someone who had worked for him in a short capacity. And she ran into him at an industry event, and he groped her as well. He was visibly intoxicated. And she went to check on him, and he lunged at both of her breasts with his hands. We have another person who worked for him. And she was cooking in tight conditions with him, and she had to straddle him in order to exit the kitchen to go to the bathroom. And we just heard a lot of other similar reports of this kind of behavior and more subtle sexual harassment.
MCEVERS: Mario Batali basically has an empire at this point. He's got these really popular restaurants in New York and LA and Las Vegas, and his company partners with other restaurants. How big is his brand?
KLUDT: I mean, he's the biggest chef in the food industry as far as I can tell. He has TV shows. He has restaurants around the country. His company brings in almost $250 million in profits a year. He's also a big face for charities. He's a big face for the (RED) charity. He has a lot of different interests in a lot of different areas.
MCEVERS: From your reporting, do you know when his company first heard of the allegations?
KLUDT: We told them about our report on Wednesday, so that's when they first heard from us. They told us that they had an internal complaint about him in October and said that that was the first official complaint that they'd received from an employee. So I'm not sure if they've had more or not, but that's what they said to us.
MCEVERS: How have they handled these complaints?
KLUDT: He sent an apology to us that was pretty thorough. He said - he didn't deny really much of anything. He said it sounded like him and that he was going to immediately step away from the day-to-day operations of his businesses. And then the company said that they take these matters very seriously, and they are going to up their training. They're going to bring in an outside firm to help with training. And then ABC's "The Chew" immediately said they didn't want to work with him while they investigate this.
MCEVERS: And this is the second celebrity chef where we've seen allegations like this and they've stepped down. Is the reckoning happening in the restaurant business now?
KLUDT: Absolutely. I mean, he's just one of many chefs that we've received tips about. He was the one that we started looking into first. But we have a lot more that we need to start looking at now.
MCEVERS: Amanda Kludt is editor-in-chief of Eater, which broke the story of multiple sexual misconduct allegations against Mario Batali. Thank you very much.
KLUDT: Thank you, Kelly.
(SOUNDBITE OF ODDISEE'S "SOCIAL INSECURITY")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be, you're not alone.
Americans work hard, and it takes a physical and mental toll, not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time, according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday. But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing.
In 2015, RAND researchers, along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles, began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs. What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers.
This kind of data, examining workplace conditions in the U.S., has not been collected for decades. "We have excellent data on wages, on training ... but we don't know much about the conditions of work," says Nicole Maestas, an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study.
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they don't have enough time to do their jobs, with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time. This was most prevalent among white-collar workers. Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed.
In addition, 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse, threats, humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month; or they experienced bullying, harassment or sexual harassment in the past year.
"One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work," says Maestas. Her survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board, verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college. Younger women and women of "prime age," defined in the survey as ages 35-49, experienced the most unwanted sexual attention.
But people who have "good" bosses — or bosses who respect them, praise them, work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats, Maestra notes.
"Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem," she says, when it comes to a hostile work environment.
American workers feel, by and large, that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills. Still, many workers, particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree, have little control over their work schedules. Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before.
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable, and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs.
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting, it is still a rare option for many workers. The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours.
No matter where we work, friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs. Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement "I have very good friends at work," while 53 percent of men agreed.
While the emotional support helps, many jobs are simply tough on the body. Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time. While workers who don't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well, particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day.
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early. It's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the "right" job, Maestas says.
"We've got more people retiring than ever, and there just aren't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy," she says, so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older, experienced workers.
Additionally, 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke, fumes, infectious materials, extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time. "That was strikingly high," Maestas says.
Saba Waheed, the research director at UCLA's Labor Center who was not involved in the study, says she was also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey.
"We have a lot of great laws, but we need better enforcement," she says.
While she largely praises the survey's comprehensiveness, Waheed says she would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines, as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers. "I would really love to see race in here," she says, as well.
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant.
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years. Maestas and her team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018.
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration.
PROTEIN POWER: Consuming the right amount of protein can help build muscle while losing weight.
PROTEIN POWER: Consuming the right amount of protein can help build muscle while losing weight. iStock
LOSING weight is one thing but not if it comes at the expense of muscle loss.
So it makes sense to wonder - is it possible to achieve fat loss while maintaining muscle mass? Surprisingly, the answer is yes - but it does involve a smart approach to fitness and nutrition.
A lot of the time, when people lose weight, they wind up with a lot less muscle than they started out with.
Why? Weight loss requires an energy (calorie) deficit and muscle-building requires an energy surplus.
To implement a calorie deficit, you need to either eat less calories or burn more calories through exercise, or do a combination of the two. However, while eating less is necessary for losing overall body mass, this calorie deficit is counter-productive for building muscle at the same time.
What's more, if a person is restricting carbohydrates, fats (in the form of ketones) and proteins will be used for energy instead, therefore won't be available for muscle repair and growth.
So how can you achieve both goals? These five science-backed strategies will help.
1. DON'T OVERLY RESTRICT
Drastic changes in calories will not only sabotage your workout efforts but will ultimately slow your metabolism, partly due to the loss in muscle that comes when you drop overall body weight. And since muscle is the greatest determiner of your metabolic rate, this muscle loss may largely explain why so many people struggle to keep weight off once they lose it.
To prevent this, your food intake should never dip below your "basal” metabolic requirements, which is the minimum number of calories your body uses to keep all its systems functioning correctly.
There are a plethora of online tools that can help you calculate your basal metabolic rate. While their accuracy is debatable, they will give you a basic understanding.
2. PROTEIN IS KEY
Protein needs are based on age, activity, sex and whether you are breastfeeding or pregnant.
However most authorities recommend about 0.75-0.84g per kilogram of body weight but many round it up to 1g a kg to keep things simple.
For example, if you weigh 75kg, you would need roughly 75g of protein a day. But, in order to preserve lean muscle tissue, adjusting your protein intake slightly is an important piece of the puzzle.
"Achieving a protein intake of approximately 1.3-1.6g per kilogram of body weight or aim for at least 20g of protein in every meal and snack across the day where possible,” Deakin University School of Exercise and Nutrition Sciences' Dr Jackson Fyfe said.
"Consuming a slightly greater amount of protein than what is required to meet your energy needs will ensure you have spare to sustain or even build muscle.”
So for that same 75kg person, that's a protein intake of roughly 97-120g a day.
This can be achieved by including protein-rich foods as part of a calorie-controlled eating plan, such as eating a couple of eggs (12g protein), a cheese sandwich (35g protein), glass of milk (10g protein), two handfuls of nuts (12g protein), one cup of Greek yoghurt and 150g steak (40g protein). Pretty easy to do.
3. FOCUS ON STRENGTH
On top of adjusting dietary protein intake, performing regular resistance-type exercises (such as push-ups, squats, lunges or lifting weights) two to three times a week will help burn calories but, more importantly, help to maintain existing muscle tone and build more muscle.
4. HIGH V LOW
For the fat loss side of things, balance your strength training with cardio-type activity to help you burn body fat and calories.
However it's best to keep your cardio sessions short and sweet.
"Minimising the total volume (duration and frequency) of endurance training is best,” Dr Fyfe said.
If you're going to perform cardio training, focus on high-intensity interval training (HIIT). This type of cardio involves short bursts of intense exercise with intermittent rest periods. These workouts will maximise fat burn post-exercise.
5. HAVE A BREAK
Muscle needs time to repair and grow after a workout. Neglecting to give your muscles enough time to recover means they will not get bigger or stronger. At least 48 hours between sessions is a good rule of thumb.
Kathleen Alleaume is a nutrition and exercise scientist who is passionate about making sense of conflicting health buzz. Follow her @therightbalance.
Hop Along On World Cafe
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ashley Gellman/WXPN Ashley Gellman/WXPN
Set List "How Simple"
"One That Suits Me"
"Prior Things"
I think one of the best things you can say about an artist is that you hear a song and you know it's them. That is true in spades for the band Hop Along, thanks in large part to the unique voice of lead singer Francis Quinlan, both in the way it sounds and what she says with it.
Francis writes poetry that tumbles out in metered space, like if you turned the written formatting of an E.E. Cummings poem into sound. And even though the four-piece is often labeled indie rock, that term is way too bland to describe Hop Along. The band's music is squiggly and side-angled in ways that shouldn't necessarily work, but definitely does.
Francis started putting out music in 2005 with a solo project called Hop Along, Queen Ansleis. A few years later, her older brother Mark Quinlan joined, the band's name was shortened to Hop Along. Rolling Stone called the last album Painted Shut one of the 50 best albums of 2015. Hop Along has just released a new record, Bark Your Head Off, Dog, which has that bubbling feeling of a band about to break.
I'll talk to Francis about that in a moment, but let's start off on stage at World Cafe Live with a performance of "How Simple," the opening track from the new album. Listen in the player.
Five Manchester United players who deserve to sta
Dad of five explains why OCD made him want to kil
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Distressing footage shows police officers using a stun gun to subdue a teenager in an apartment block after she 'shoved a police officer'.
Police have confirmed they are aware of the video and are investigating the incident after it was broadcast by US media.
In the clip, which has been captured by a mobile phone, 17-year-old Dailene Rosario is seen screaming in agony as the stun gun is deployed.
The wires from the device can clearly be seen.
It is claimed that Ms Rosario is 14 weeks pregnant .
(Photo: KTLA)
She screamed: "Get off me, get off me," as officers attempt to hold her down before using the stun gun, according to WPIX News in New York .
The incident occurred around 10pm on Friday, February 10, when officers were responding to an unrelated call in the Bronx apartment building.
When they arrived, they heard a loud fight between Ms Rosario's ex-boyfriend and another man, a scuffle that is believed to have been started over a video game.
According to reports, Ms Rosario 'interfered' with officers - some reports claim she 'shoved' one policeman into a wall - and when they tried to handcuff her, she refused and sat down on her hands.
She then shouted at officers: "Yo, why are you cuffing me? I didn't do anything."
(Photo: KTLA)
Ms Rosario continued to struggle with the police until they finally used the stun gun, causing her to fall to the floor and scream in agony.
One girl watching the incident unfold repeatedly shouts at the officers: "She's pregnant, she's pregnant."
Ms Rosario is charged with resisting arrest, second degree harassment and disorderly conduct.
And NYPD spokesman told WPIX News: "We are aware of the incident. It is under investigation."
Southeast Iowa Farm Show coming to the Fairfield Arts & Convention Center, Saturday, March 4
Iowa Ag Secretary Bill Northey headlines 3rd Annual exhibition of machinery, seed and technology, grain handling & more – new Farm Show website – www.SEIowaFarmShow.com
Fairfield, Iowa – The 3rd Annual Southeast Iowa Farm Show plows its way to the Fairfield Arts & Convention Center, Saturday, March 4 from 9 a.m. – 4 p.m. Enjoy free admission to this rapidly growing agricultural exhibition and join the conversation with vendors relating to machinery, seed technology, grain handling and more to assist in today's farming operation.
Headlining this year's show, in addition to the more than 50 vendors, is Iowa Secretary of Agriculture Bill Northey, who will address attendees at 11:30 a.m. in the Sondheim Theater. Northey will visit with attendees and vendors following his remarks.
“Expectations are high for this year's Southeast Iowa Farm Show,” said Tracy Hammes, Show Co-chair. “Coming off the heels of last year's more than 800 attendees, new vendors this year and the appearance of Secretary Northey, this year's show is going to be the best yet.”
Bill Northey, a fourth generation farmer from Spirit Lake, has served as Iowa's Secretary of Agriculture since 2006 and continues to travel to Iowa's 99 counties discussing the future of agriculture with farmers and rural Iowans. Northey's priorities of leading Iowa's agriculture and advancing science and new technologies to better care for Iowa's air, soil and water and reaching out to Iowans to tell the story of agriculture.
The award-winning barbecue of Fairfield's Sweet & Saucy will be available, providing their “mouth-watering” chicken, pork, loose meat and brisket sandwiches.
Attendees at the Farm Show will have the opportunity to register for a $75 meat bundle courtesy Packwood Locker and 2016-17 Artist Series: Live at the Sondheim gift certificates for two tickets to upcoming performances.
“Thanks to our sponsors' commitment to agriculture and the Farm Show, admission continues to be free,” said Olivia Hunter, event manager at the Fairfield Arts & Convention Center. “Machinery will once again line the street in front of the Center, providing an up-close view of the newest equipment in agriculture.
The sponsors for the 2017 Southeast Iowa Farm Show include 1st National Bank of Fairfield, Community 1st Credit Union, Iowa State Bank of Fairfield, MidWestOne Bank and Pilot Grove Savings Bank. The media partners are KMCD/Classic 96, Fairfield; KILJ, Mt. Pleasant, KRKN/KBIZ, Ottumwa and KTVO, Ottumwa.
Vendor information and advertising options for the Commemorative Program are available on the Southeast Iowa Farm Show's new website, www.SEIowaFarmShow.com.
Keeping with tradition of the first two years of the Farm Show, award-winning country music icon Collin Raye plays the Sondheim Theater, following the farm exhibition at 7:30 p.m. Titled, AN EVENING WITH COLLIN RAYE will feature one of the true hit makers from the 1990s who continues to crank out soulful, heartfelt material with the honesty and richness that is signature to his vocals alone. With 24 top ten records, 16 number one hits, and having been a 10 time Male Vocalist of the Year nominee, this truly electrifying performer remains one of the great voices of our time.
An Evening with Collin Raye, will feature the soulful delivery that has set country standards in such searing ballads as “Love Me,” “In This Life,” “Not That Different,” and “If I Were You.” Always an energizing showman, he has also blazed through such vivid rockers as “My Kind of Girl,” “That's My Story,” “I Can Still Feel You,” and “I Want You Bad.”
Tickets for An Evening with Collin Raye are $15 – $39 and available at the Fairfield Arts & Convention Center Ticket Office, 641-472-2787 or online, www.fairfieldacc.com.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marcos Alonso says Chelsea's team spirit has been boosted by the players going out for monthly meals together.
The Blues have enjoyed a superb season and are overwhelming favourites to win the Premier League title as they sit eight points clear at the top of the table with just 13 games to play.
Alonso's £23million arrival from Fiorentina raised eyebrows last summer but he has shone in a left wing-back role for Antonio Conte's side.
And it appears as though he's enjoying life away from the pitch too, as he revealed the bond between Chelsea's players is improving due to monthly bonding sessions organised by manager Antonio Conte and captain John Terry.
(Photo: Darren Walsh)
"We have been going out for dinner once a month all together as a group, just enjoying each other's company off the pitch as well," he told Chelsea's official website .
"It's been a great help, and the atmosphere within the squad is amazing. You can see that when we're on the pitch. It's good fun for everyone."
Alonso also revealed he has struck up a friendship with teammate and fellow Spaniard Pedro since his arrival at Stamford Bridge.
"Pedro is a very good friend and I like to catch up with him after training," Alonso, 26, added. "I didn't know him before I came here but he's been a great help since I arrived."
New Delhi: Olympic silver-medallist P V Sindhu is satisfied with what she has achieved so far this year but wants to cap a successful season with yet another title at the USD 1000,000 Dubai World Super Series Finals starting on Wednesday.
After the high of Rio Olympics last year, Sindhu continued her rampaging run this season clinching the India Open Super Series and Korea Open Super Series, besides bagging the silver at Glasgow World Championship and finishing as runners-up at Hong Kong Open last month.
"It has been a good year for me and I'm very happy with my performance. I won two Super Series and a runner-up and also a silver at World Championship. I have no regrets because I did pretty well this season. Now I really hope the year ends on a good note, that is at the Dubai Super Series Finals, I hope I do well there," Sindhu told PTI.
"It is not going to be easy as all the top players will be playing in this event. Each match from the first round itself will be very tough. So I will have to be prepared from the start to do well in Dubai," added the Hyderabadi, who had reached the semifinals at Dubai event last year.
Asked which matches impacted her most this season, Sindhu said: "Each match was comparatively different and in the starting it was Sindhu-Marin and then it was Sindhu-Okuhara at the World Championship and also there were other good matches.
"I think each player has a different style of play and every match is different. Well, not one in particular but I think the World Championship final impacted me the most."
The 22-year-old Indian has played all the 12 Super Series tournaments this season and she credited her training sessions which helped her to manage the workload.
"Training was going well and I had to be prepared for every match. Every month we had tournaments and I am happy the way I have managed the workload. It worked out fine for me," said Sindhu, who played five back-to-back tournaments in October-November.
Badminton World Federation (BWF) has revamped the international circuit and made it mandatory for the top 15 players to play at least 12 tournaments next year.
Asked about the schedule next year, Sindhu said: "I think it would be a hectic schedule next year and we have to plan it out accordingly and play tournaments because each event will be important and also we have other important tournaments such as Commonwealth Games and Asian Games.
"It's just that we have to be prepared. I will have to sit with my coach and plan accordingly. The scheduling will depend on the training sessions, how fit I am and how I am playing and also it's my coach's decision, so I will sort it out with him which tournaments to play," she added.
Sindhu, who finished runners-up at the Senior National Championship in Nagpur, said it would be difficult to figure out a window for the domestic tournament next year.
"It depends on the schedule as 2018 would be very hectic. It would be difficult to figure out which month or which date it would be. It would not be easy for me or other players. It depends on the scheduling of the tournaments which I play and I will decide accordingly," she said.
BWF has decided to trial a new kind of service rule next year starting at the 2018 All England Open Championships and Sindhu said they would have to practice it during training before playing at the tournaments.
"I heard about the new service rule. I think we all have to be really conscious about it, it would be implemented from the England and we have to really practice it before we play in the tournaments but I think it would be good for everybody," said Sindhu.
Financial impact
Around dusk on a late November weekday, hundreds of people walked through Mandalay Bay, past empty restaurants just off the casino floor and toward the huge convention center.Employees of CarMax, the nation's largest used-car dealer, had gathered here from around the U.S. to attend the company's annual President's Club gala, an award ceremony to recognize top talent.Roughly 4,500 people filled the convention center to eat, dance and hobnob with CarMax senior management. Many employees stayed at the hotel."It's a business trip. We didn't choose the Mandalay Bay. It was already chosen for us since last year," said CarMax employee Felicia Green.Visiting from Fayetteville, North Carolina, Green said she wouldn't have stayed at the Mandalay Bay if she'd had a choice. The Oct. 1 mass shooting that occurred at the hotel was still too fresh in her mind. On that late October Sunday night, a VIP guest staying on the 32nd floor blackened the image of Mandalay Bay when he smashed his room windows to spray gunfire on thousands of concertgoers across Las Vegas Boulevard, killing 58 people.The shooting raised questions about how the 3,211-room hotel would weather the stigma of the mass shooting. Would people want to gamble, party and sleep where one of the worst mass murderers in American history carried out his crimes?For Jayson Baboolal, a leisure tourist, the answer is not now.Visiting Las Vegas from Miami, Baboolal said he would "probably" stay at the Mandalay Bay at some point in the future, but for this trip he chose to stay at New York-New York."So many people died there (at the Las Vegas Village festival grounds, across from Mandalay Bay)," he said. "You just get the chills going in there." MGM Resorts International Chief Executive Officer Jim Murren said Nov. 8 that bookings were returning to normal and forecast the casino operator's Strip-wide revenue would be down only in the low to mid-single digits during the fourth quarter compared with that of the year-earlier period. That would suggest as much as a $65 million drop in Strip revenue. His forecast did not address direct financial impact on Mandalay Bay. But the number of cancellations doubled immediately. Restaurateurs felt short-term pain, gamblers on the casino floor thinned out and hotel employees' hours were eventually cut.A repeat visitor commenting on TripAdvisor, a popular travel website, observed in early November that the hotel was "painfully slow." Spokeswoman Debra DeShong said the lower activity at Mandalay Bay is driven by seasonality and the fact that there is one fewer conference this month. She declined to give specific occupancy data for Mandalay Bay, citing regulatory requirements for publicly traded companies."As we've indicated previously, we expected occupancy at Mandalay Bay to be lower this December due to the timing of a rotating convention that was held last year."John DeCree, an analyst at Union Gaming, thinks the slowdown will be short-lived and limited mainly to vacationers."I think any near-term impact would be on leisure customers, who can be more flexible," he said. "Vegas is still a great value for group and meeting planners, and Mandalay is one of the best hotels for meetings."The October visitation numbers support that thesis. Las Vegas tourism was down for October, with visitation falling 4.2 percent to 3.6 million tourists. It was the second steepest year-over-year drop of 2017 recorded by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority. Business tourism, though, jumped 35 percent amid more conventions.The rest of the article may be read here
Small Town Girls from Langton will be 'kicking it' with Juno and CCMA award-winning artist Brett Kissel in North Bay on Feb. 23, 2018.
The Norfolk County country music sisters, 13-year-old twins Haley and Hannah and 15-year-old Cassie Van Maele, were one of nine winners in this year's Kick It With Kissel contest. Participants were asked to record a video performing their favourite original, cover, or Kissel songs, and stating why they wanted to open for Kissel, and posted them to social media using the #KickItWithKissel hashtag. Winners were chosen by a panel comprised of Country Music Association of Ontario board members, Invictus Entertainment Group, and Kissel.
Small Town Girls, along with co-winners Buck Twenty (Windsor) and Ben Hudson (Uxbridge), had won a similar Kick It With Kissel contest in December 2016.
"It was the best night of my life," said Haley Van Maele, recalling a message she wrote on Instagram following their Jan. 20, 2017 show in Barrie when Small Town Girls opened on his Ice Snow & 30 Below Tour. "It was amazing and I will never forget it. From when we got up on stage to leaving it, I realized this is me and this is where I want our paths to lead."
"The time of our lives," agreed Hannah, who wrote a similar heartfelt post on her Instagram in January.
Kissel, a multi Canadian Country Music Association award winner for Fan's Choice and Male Artist of the Year begins Part I of his We Were His Song Tour in January 2018. The 51-show tour ends March 24, and Part II continues in September, giving Kissel time to pursue opportunities in the USA during the break.
“I remember how helpful it was to my career to open for a bigger artist and play to a packed house,” said Kissel in a media release. “I'm happy to provide a similar opportunity to up and coming artists as there is so much great talent out there!”
Kissel launched his second Kick It With Kissel contest in October, identifying eight venues that were available - five in Ontario (Thunder Bay, Sault Ste Marie, Sudbury, North Bay and Barrie), three in British Columbia. Contestants had until Nov. 26 to post videos.
Small Town Girls covered two Kissel songs - We Were That Song and I Can Play Guitar - recorded at Kevin Belanger's Norwich studio, and both videos were filmed at Long & McQuade in Woodstock. It wasn't unanimous, but the girls decided to enter their version of We Were That Song, the title track of Kissel's album and tour.
Invictus Entertainment Group had planned to announce the winners Monday, Dec. 4, but "due to overwhelming response to the contest" decided they needed more time to review the submissions and pushed it back to Friday, Dec. 8, the same day Kissel launched his We Were That Song album.
"In Ontario, we did this in conjunction with the Ontario Country Music Association, and in BC we did it with the BC Country Music Association," said Louis O'Reilly from Invictus, estimating they had about 100 entries. "So not only did we want to find local talent, we wanted to do it in the context of those organizations and really promote them."
The Small Town Girls found out a few days before the official announcement they had won a 20-minute opening slot in Thunder Bay. To say the girls were "surprised" when they got home from school that day might be an understatement, but it wasn't quite the same screaming reaction of a year ago.
"I cried because I didn't want to go on a plane," said Haley.
"I didn't think we were going to win," Cassie admitted. "I didn't think they'd pick the same people from last year."
"Mom said, 'guess who's taking a road trip to Thunder Bay?'" said Hannah. "And we were like, 'what?' I was kind of like Cassie, I didn't think that we were going to win. At first, I was super excited because I wanted to go on a plane. And then mom wanted to drive. She went online and said, 'nope, not doing that.'"
"We didn't know how far it was," said Cassie, who shared some of Haley's airplane apprehension, not wanting to fly in the winter.
If flying wasn't an option, the family was looking at a 15-17 hour (1,400 km) drive... if the weather cooperated. Invictus solved their dilemma by offering an alternative 15-minute opening slot at one of the closer venues. They chose North Bay, only a five-hour drive, and North Bay's We Were That Song opening act (Ben Hudson) agreed to share the night, retaining his 20-minute slot.
"At first when they changed it I was mad," said Haley. "I was upset because I kind of want to go on a plane now. I was like, 'I'm going to get over my fear!' But now, I'm glad that we're going to North Bay."
"I had such a great time last year," said Cassie, and when she shared the news with a friend, the instant reaction was 'I want to come!'
"She wants to hitch a ride with my grandparents," Cassie smiled.
The girls have begun the process of selecting their four-song set list to play at the 934-seat Capitol Centre, and will potentially learn new songs, but it hasn't been finalized yet.
"We have ideas," said Cassie.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rockers Status Quo have had to cancel tonight's show at the Friedrichstadtpalast in Berlin after lead singer Francis Rossi was struck down by illness.
The band released a statement on Monday morning that said: "He appears to have picked up a chest infection which has left him incapacitated and unable to sing.
"He is currently receiving medical attention in Germany and has left it to the last possible moment to cancel in the hope that he would be able to recover enough to perform, but unfortunately that has not been the case."
(Image: PA)
(Image: Redferns)
Status Quo's manager Simon Porter added, “We hate to have to cancel shows and hope that the fans realise that these situations are outside of our control. There's absolutely no way that Francis could take to the stage and deliver the kind of performance that the band's fans expect and deserve”.
The English band has had over 60 charts hits in the UK, more than any other rock band, and are most known for their songs Pictures of Matchstick Men, Whatever You Want and In The Army Now - with a career spanning decades after forming in the 60s.
(Image: Redferns)
68-year-old Francis has fronted the band since 1962 and appeared on the Band-Aid charity single Do They Know It's Christmas - having also opened the famous Live Aid concert.
The rocker is now teetotal, having admitted to living a "rock and roll" lifestyle at the height of the band's fame, claiming to have spent £1.7 million on cocaine in the 80s.
(Image: Redferns)
He once said in an interview with The Telegraph : "I've got a hole in my nose. I really wish I hadn't become a coke addict or a drinker, I don't like either."
While they've cancelled Monday night's gig, the band's website is still saying the group will play scheduled acoustic shows in Frankfurt on Tuesday and Baden Baden on Wednesday - with the group steadily performing until their last show of the year on 21 December in Nürnberg.
(Image: Getty Images)
Their cancelled show comes nearly a year after founding member of the band Rick Parfitt passed away on Christmas Eve 2016.
Rick had been recuperating since June, 2016, when he suffered a heart attack on stage but, in fact, passed away after contracting a severe infection following a shoulder injury.
Ric Flair was hospitalized on Saturday morning; at the time his management team told Pro Wrestling Sheet this was for “routine monitoring” and put a statement on social media that there was “no reason to panic.”
However, early this morning, Melinda Morris Zanoni, who is CEO of Legacy Talent, which reps Flair, posted these messages on Twitter and Facebook:
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Definitely keep Flair, 68, in your thoughts. It goes without saying that he was a transcendent performer in the pro wrestling genre, and hopefully he can pull through these challenges.
[Cageside Seats]
Introduction:
Sweet potatoes are basically root vegetable which is rich in starch, vitamins, potassium, fiber and higher source of beta carotene. They primarily considered as a staple food as have significant proportion in form of daily routine intake food products. Nowadays the product has become more popular due to its wide application in ethnic cuisines, culinary uses, everyday meal and many other food products. This has insisted the food manufacturers and companies to offer different varieties of snacks, meals, syrups etc. to cater the growing demand of consumers in global level food market. Production of sweet potatoes has increased substantially over the past decade and the majority of demand accounts from North America, Europe and countries from Asia-pacific region.
Market Dynamics of Sweet Potato Market:
Market of sweet potatoes is expected to drive by its greater demand from food manufacturer's as companies are offering innovative everyday meal products, snacks, meals made with sweet potatoes. On the other side, market of sweet potato market is also gaining traction from demand side drivers as it is mostly consumed in everyday meal and also from the side of health conscious consumers who are seeking for food products with health benefits. Moreover, the demand of sweet potato is also growing as it used as a taste enhancer and to increase the texture in food recipes.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=16250
Regional Outlook of Sweet Potatoes Market:
On the basis of regional outlook, market segment of sweet potatoes is segmented in five different regions which include North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Middle East and Africa. On the analyzing the market of sweet potatoes at global level, it is expected that North America and Asia-Pacific is the largest producer of sweet potatoes. On the other side in terms of consumption, European region has the largest consumption of sweet potatoes.
Market Segmentation of Sweet Potato Market:
Market segment of sweet potato in food and beverage industry is segmented on different basis such as by application, by form, by type and by end use. On the basis of application, its market segmented in food, beverage and animal feed. In food, sweet potatoes market is sub-segmented into culinary food, snacks and meals and in beverage, the sub-segment of product includes alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. Market segments as per the form, is segmented as flour, paste and as a whole product. Another segment of sweet potatoes market is on the basis of type which includes canned, frozen and puree and as per end use market segment, it includes commercial use and residential use. On analyzing the demand of sweet potatoes on pie chart, it assessed that food industry acquires the majority of market share in terms of both volume and value. In terms of consumption, the demand of sweet potatoes has increased in past decade due to its higher demand in preparing culinary dishes, snacks, everyday meals and in many other food products. Furthermore, demand of sweet potatoes is also growing in international market due to its high nutritional value as it is good source of vitamins and minerals such as vitamin A, C, B1, B2, and B6, fiber, phosphorous, potassium and many other minerals.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sweet-potatoes-market.html
Key Market Players in Sweet Potatoes Market:
Major players in sweet potatoes market are: Bright Harvest Sweet Potato Company, ConAgra Foods, Inc., Nash Produce, The Sweet Potato Spirit Co., Ham Farms, Dole Food Company Inc., McCain Foods Limited, Carolina Innovative Food Ingredients, H.J. Heinz Company Brands LLC., and Wayne Bailey Produce Company.
Trump Cautions NATO Countries To Spend More On Defense – Or Else Ahead of next week's NATO summit, Steve Inskeep talks to former Supreme Allied Commander of NATO Admiral James Stavridis about how Trump's approach could affect the alliance.
SXSW 2018 Recap: Hip Hop, Latin Folk and Mexican Barbecue
Enlarge this image toggle caption Robb Klassen/Courtesy of the artist Robb Klassen/Courtesy of the artist
The 2018 South by Southwest Music Festival in Austin, Texas has come to an end. But before the week-long fest finished, Alt.Latino host Felix Contreras and NPR Music hip-hop correspondent Rodney Carmichael met up at a barbecue joint in Austin to dish about their favorite performances from the week.
Tierra Whack
"This is, like, my new favorite hip-hop artist right now," Carmichael says. "She has this song called 'Mumbo Jumbo' ... that she laid down rough vocals for and she never went back and cleaned them up. It sounds so good, and her energy on stage was so incredible."
YouTube
La Cuneta Son Machin
"They do a combination of Nicaraguan folk music mixed with jazz, mixed with ska, mixed with a bit of rock," Contreras says. "They blew the roof of this place."
YouTube
Sudan Archives
"She's up on the stage; this tall, thin, regal-looking black woman with an afro that adds another five feet to her stature," Carmichael says. "It's just a mix of soul and funk and classical thrown in."
YouTube
Hear the full conversation at the audio link.
Main image: SpaceX is working on the most powerful rocket ever, the Big Falcon Rocket, for trips to Mars. Credit: SpaceX
When Elon Musk's SpaceX first launched its Falcon 9 rocket back in 2010 it was thought of as a novelty venture by a tech entrepreneur that would be little more than a tech demonstration. No one thought it would become the de facto rocket for getting satellites, and even people, into orbit.
Exactly 54 launches later, SpaceX has become famous the world over for its reusable rockets, with their discarded boosters landing dramatically back on their launch pad, or on drone-ships offshore. So far about 20 first-stage boosters, complete with engines and fuel tanks, have been recovered.
The Falcon 9 Block 5 is designed to be the most reliable and reusable rocket ever built. Credit: SpaceX (Image: © SpaceX)
SpaceX is aiming to both dominate the commercial rocket launch industry, and make space flight more efficient and affordable to further Musk's interplanetary ambitions. However, one obstacle to these ambitions is that a standard Falcon 9 rocket's boosters can still only be reused twice.
Cue the new SpaceX Block 5 boosters, which can be reused no less than 10 times – and possibly as much as 100 times. They have the potential to change everything.
What is a Falcon 9 Block 5 rocket?
The new Falcon 9 Block 5 is likely the final version of a product that's gradually been improved and developed with the same Silicon Valley mindset that drives advances in consumer electronics. SpaceX strives to constantly improve its rockets, making them more reusable and more powerful, and the Block 5 features a whole host of improvements.
Technically known as a 'two-stage-to-orbit medium-lift launch vehicle', this fifth and final version of the Falcon 9 enables each first-stage booster to be used 10 times, and just as importantly they can be cleaned up and ready to go again within weeks rather than months – in the rocket business, that's revolutionary. However, Musk has said publicly that he thinks that a Block 5 first stage could be able to launch 100 times.
That kind of reusability could, in the long term, make space flight much cheaper. However, perhaps the most important upgrade the Block 5 brings is a new turbopump, which was blamed for a catastrophic failure of a Falcon 9 in 2016.
Why is Falcon 9 Block 5 so important?
In terms of performance and reliability the Falcon 9 Block 5 – a decade in the making – is all about impressing NASA. The new, final Falcon 9 with Block 5 upgrades will likely be used to launch humans into space from US Soil, something that hasn't happened since NASA's Space Shuttle launched for the final time in July 2011.
In theory that could happen in early 2019. "Falcon 9, along with the Dragon spacecraft, was designed from the outset to deliver humans into space, and under an agreement with NASA, SpaceX is actively working toward this goal," says the SpaceX website.
The new Falcon 9 could soon be taking astronauts to the International Space Station. Credit: NASA (Image: © NASA)
As well as manned spaceflight missions, the Block 5 improvements will also allow SpaceX to bid for more contracts from the Pentagon, such as the US$290 million deal it just struck to launch three next-gen Air-Force Global Positioning System (GPS) satellites, dubbed GPS-III. Until now, United Launch Alliance (ULA) – SpaceX's main US rival in the commercial rocket-launching business – has had the monopoly on such contracts.
Has the Falcon 9 Block 5 flown yet?
It was thought that SpaceX had used its new rocket for the first time on May 11 2018, when SpaceX delivered Bangladeshi telecoms satellite Bangabandhu-1 into orbit from Kennedy Space Center, then landed the booster on SpaceX's drone-ship in the Atlantic Ocean; however it seems that wasn't quite the finished article.
“Apparently SpaceX hasn't flown its final Block 5 rocket – it decided after that launch that it's going to add a final component that the Falcon 9 needs to meet the very stringent requirements for NASA for what's needed to safely fly NASA astronauts,” says Laura Forczyk at Astralytical, a space research, analysis and consulting firm in the US.
NASA wants SpaceX to install that turbopump, and see the rocket flown seven times without a failure. “So technically that first flight of the Block 5 rocket doesn't count because it wasn't the very final configuration,” says Forczyk. “But it's still a very impressive upgrade.”
Will a Falcon 9 Block 5 takes astronauts to space?
Probably, but it's still not clear when. SpaceX is scheduled to send a crewed test flight into orbit in December 2018 in a Dragon capsule atop a Falcon 9 Block 5. Its rival for the NASA contract is Boeing, which will perform a similar test flight in January 2019 using its CST-100 Starliner space capsule and an Atlas V rocket from ULA. However, both companies – and NASA – appear to be dragging their feet.
Boeing's Starliner will also take US astronauts to the ISS. Credit: NASA/Boeing (Image: © NASA/Boeing)
“SpaceX and Boeing are neck and neck in the delays they announce,” says Forczyk. “It should have happened already.” An independent assessment recently predicted that crewed spaceflights would take place towards the end of 2019. “My best guess is 2020,” says Forczyk. SpaceX has also delayed plans to send space tourists around the moon.
Why the delays? SpaceX has been busy doing other things.
What about Falcon Heavy and the Big Falcon Rocket?
For all their awesomeness, Falcon 9 rockets generally don't leave low-Earth orbit, except when they're strapped together to make a Falcon Heavy rocket. The most powerful operational rocket in the world, SpaceX's flagship Falcon Heavy was successfully tested in February 2018. However, what Musk really wants his engineers to concentrate on is developing the massive – and entirely reusable – Big Falcon Rocket (BFR) for testing in 2020.
“The Falcon Heavy is an intermediary rocket – SpaceX is not intending to put humans on that one,” says Forczyk. Not so the BFR, which is nothing less than an interplanetary spaceship, with a planned liftoff thrust about twice that of the Saturn V rockets that took Apollo astronauts to the Moon. “The BFR is what they're planning to use to go to the moon and to Mars, which has been the SpaceX plan from the start,” says Forczyk.
The Falcon 9's new and improved reusability should mean bigger profits for SpaceX, and therefore more cash that can be spent on developing the BFR.
When is the next SpaceX launch?
That would be June 29 2018, when a Falcon 9 sends a Dragon capsule to the International Space Station (ISS) from Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. Called CRS15 because it's the fifteenth such mission in SpaceX's contract with NASA as part of its Commercial Resupply Services contract, the capsule will contain supplies and science experiments. SpaceX has been sending Dragon capsules to the ISS since 2012.
However, CRS-15 will use an 'old' Block 4 booster, which SpaceX won't be landing and reusing. It's the third launch in a row that's using – and losing – Falcon 9 Block 4 rockets.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin also has designs on the reusable rocket market. Credit: Blue Origin
It may have invented the concept of reusable rockets, but when you've got a new toy to house, you need to clear some, er, space. If Falcon 9 was the prototype, the Block 5 improvements make it the real thing: a very reusable rocket that will eventually make spaceflight cheaper and more frequent. Almost everything is now in place for cheaper, more frequent spaceflight.
The missing piece in the puzzle? That would be a fierce competitor to SpaceX that's willing to slash prices and grow the market for satellites and space tourism, which would ultimately trigger a price-drop in rocket retail. Can you think of anyone who might be qualified? Just a couple of miles from Kennedy Space Center and the SpaceX launch facility, Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin has just moved in to a massive new reusable rocket manufacturing plant.
The reusable rocket price war is coming.
TechRadar's Next Up series is brought to you in association with Honor
The increase in share of equity-oriented funds comes in the backdrop of consistently rising net inflows into Indian mutual funds. Photo: Mint
84
What is it? The number of seats the Left Alliance in Nepal won as of Sunday evening in parliamentary elections, as per preliminary results.
Why is it important? With this, the CPN-UML and CPN-Maoist alliance is heading towards a majority, with Khadga Prasad Oli likely to be the country's prime minister. This brings an end to the decade-old civil war in Nepal and completes its move to becoming a federal democracy. It remains to be seen if the Left Alliance's landslide victory results in the waning of India's influence on Nepal and China playing a dominant role in the landlocked nation.
Tell me more: The Left Alliance was leading in another 31 seats, while the incumbent Nepali Congress had won just 13 seats. The house of representatives consists of 275 members, of which 165 are to be elected directly under the first-past-the-post system and the rest through the proportional representation system.
49%
What is it? The maximum stake that foreign airlines can own in an Indian airline, with the exception of Air India, in which investment from foreign airlines is banned.
Why is it important? The Indian government may reportedly do away with this exception for disinvestment of state-run Air India, provided the foreign airline has a joint venture with a local one. This could intensify competition among bidders interested in buying Air India and, perhaps, fetch the government a better price. The parent company of IndiGo is the only airline to have made a formal expression of interest, while the Tata Group has indicated its interest in doing the same.
Tell me more: Jayant Sinha, Union minister of state for civil aviation, said on Friday that the process of privatization of Air India has begun and that it would be finalised in 6-8 months.
39%
What is it? The percentage of assets under management (AUMs) of Indian mutual funds in equity funds and balanced funds in November 2017.
Why is it important? This figure was 30% in November 2014. This increase in share of equity-oriented funds comes in the backdrop of consistently rising net inflows into Indian mutual funds, whose total AUMs have increased to an all-time high of Rs21.8 trillion in November 2017, as against 16.9 trillion in October 2016. More encouragingly, it is individual investors who are driving growth, rather than institutional investors.
Tell me more: The two fund classes that have lost share during this period are both debt funds: income funds (down from 46% to 38%) and liquid funds (down from 21% to 19%).
67%
What is it? The rate at which Amazon India's gross sales volume increased in the July-September quarter from a year ago. Its gross sales by value grew 67% in the same period.
Why is it important? This is more than twice the estimated broader growth rate of the online retail market. It is another indication that Amazon India continues to keep pace with India's homegrown e-commerce firm and marked leader Flipkart. In a recent report on customer response and perception by RedSeer Consulting, both e-tailers were tied with a score of 92, similar to the corresponding quarter in the previous year, when they had both scored 95.
Tell me more: Amazon has committed $5 billion in India, of which it has spent over $2 billion, while Flipkart raised $2.4 billion from Japan's SoftBank Group recently, giving it enough ammunition to battle against its cash-rich rival.
14
What is it? The number of consecutive wins recorded by Manchester City in the English Premier League. This is joint best with Arsenal's run over two seasons in 2002.
Why is it important? On Sunday, leaders Manchester City visited cross-town rivals and second-placed Manchester United in a game with many sub-texts and dominated them in a 2-1 victory. In a weekend when four of the top six teams in the league dropped points, City extended their lead to 11 points. They next travel to Swansea, which is languishing second from the bottom.
Tell me more: The Manchester Derby ended with a fracas in the corridor outside City's dressing room involving players and staff from the two teams.
1:51 Americans buy bomb shelters, prep for 'Trumpocalypse' Pause
0:56 Seven children, 2 adults injured after van overturns in Grand Prairie
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:10 Vehicle used by suspects in armed robberies
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
1:39 Cliburn auditions begin in London
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
The inspiration arrived in a haze at a Paul McCartney concert a few years ago in San Francisco.
“People in front of me started lighting up and then other people started lighting up,” says Matthew Springer, a biologist and professor in the division of cardiology at the University of California, San Francisco. “And for a few naive split seconds I was thinking to myself, ‘Hey, they can't smoke in AT&T Park! I'm sure that's not allowed.' And then I realized that it was all marijuana.”
Recreational pot was not legal yet in the state, but that stopped no one. “Paul McCartney actually stopped between numbers and sniffed the air and said, ‘There's something in the air — must be San Francisco!' ” Springer recalls.
As the visible cloud of pot smoke took shape, so did Springer's idea to study the effects of secondhand marijuana smoke.
He started thinking: San Franciscans would never tolerate those levels of cigarette smoke in a public place anymore. So why were they OK with smoke from burning pot? Did people just assume that cannabis smoke isn't harmful the way tobacco smoke is?
Springer was already researching the health effects of secondhand tobacco smoke on rats at his lab at UCSF. He decided to run the same tests using joints.
“By the time I left the concert, I was resolved to at least try to make this happen,” he says.
He knew it would be difficult. Marijuana is still an illegal drug under federal law, and Springer's research uses federal funds; so he has to purchase specially approved government cannabis for study. He also can't test it on humans; hence, the rats.
In the lab, Springer puts a cigarette or a joint in a plexiglass box. Then he lights it, and lets the chamber fill with smoke, where an anesthetized rat is exposed to the smoke.
So far, Springer and his colleagues have published research demonstrating that secondhand smoke makes it harder for the rats' arteries to expand and allow a healthy flow of blood.
With tobacco products, this effect lasts about 30 minutes, and then the arteries recover their normal function. But if it happens over and over — as when a person is smoking cigarette after cigarette, for example — the arterial walls can become permanently damaged, and that damage can cause blood clots, heart attack or stroke.
Springer demonstrated that, at least in rats, the same physiological effect occurs after inhaling secondhand smoke from marijuana. And, the arteries take 90 minutes to recover compared to the 30 minutes with cigarette smoke.
Springer's discovery about the effect on blood vessels describes just one harmful impact for nonsmokers who are exposed to marijuana. Statewide sampling surveys of cannabis products sold in marijuana dispensaries have shown that cannabis products may contain dangerous bacteria or mold, or residues from pesticides and solvents.
California law requires testing for these contaminants, and those regulations are being initiated in three phases over the course of 2018. Because much of the marijuana being sold now was harvested in 2017, consumers will have to wait until early 2019 before they can purchase products that have been fully tested according to state standards.
“People think cannabis is fine because it's ‘natural,' ” Springer says. “I hear this a lot. I don't know what it means.” He concedes that tightly regulated marijuana, which has been fully tested, doesn't have as many chemical additives as cigarettes.
But even if the cannabis tests clean, Springer says, smoke itself is bad for the lungs, heart and blood vessels. Other researchers are exploring the possible relationship between marijuana smoke and long-term cancer risk.
Certainly, living with a smoker is worse for your health than just going to a smoky concert hall. But, Springer says, the less you inhale any kind of smoke, the better.
“People should think of this not as an anti-THC conclusion,” he says, referencing the active ingredient in marijuana, “but an anti-smoke conclusion.”
So is the solution simply to avoid smoke from combustion? In other words, is it safer to eat cannabis-infused products, or use “smokeless” e-cigarettes or vaping devices?
Springer still urges caution on that score because vaping, for example, can have its own health effects. Vaping devices don't produce smoke from combustion, but they do release a cloud of aerosolized chemicals. Springer is studying the health effects of those chemicals, too.
All this research takes time. Meanwhile, Springer worries that people might come to the wrong conclusion — that the absence of research means the secondhand smoke is OK.
“We in the public health community have been telling them for decades to avoid inhaling secondhand smoke from tobacco,” Springer says. “We have not been telling them to avoid inhaling secondhand smoke from marijuana, and that's not because it's not bad for you — it's because we just haven't known. The experiments haven't been done.”
Antismoking campaigners say we can't afford to wait until the research is complete. Recreational pot is already a reality.
Cynthia Hallett is the president of Americans for Nonsmokers' Rights, based in Berkeley, Calif. The organization was established in 1976, before there was a lot known about the health effects of secondhand smoke from tobacco.
Now that cannabis is becoming more common across the country — more than 20 cities or states have legalized it in some form — her organization is taking on the issue of secondhand marijuana smoke, too.
Hallett says some of the arguments being made in support of cannabis remind her of the arguments made on behalf of tobacco decades ago.
“I'm seeing a parallel between this argument that, ‘Gee, we just don't have a lot of science and so, therefore, let's wait and see,' ” Hallett says. “The tobacco companies used to say the same thing about tobacco cigarettes.”
In California, smoking cannabis is prohibited anywhere tobacco smoking is prohibited — including schools, airplanes and most workplaces. Hallett is worried that the legalization of pot could be used to erode those rules.
It starts with the premise of decriminalization, she says, and then, over time, there's “a chipping away at strong policies.”
Some cannabis advocates want to see pot regulated like alcohol — cities would issue permits for specialized smoking lounges, similar to wine bars.
But Hallett points out that smoke drifts, and it affects workers in a way that alcohol doesn't.
“The difference is, if I were to spill my beer on you in a bar, it wouldn't affect your long-term health,” she says. “If I choose to smoke, it can affect the health of the person near me.”
Pot is more like tobacco in that respect, and Hallett believes it should be regulated that way.
She says this era of California culture brings to mind a similar period in the 1970s and '80s, when Americans started demanding more regulations for secondhand smoke, and a new etiquette around smoking took form.
When it comes to marijuana, Hallett says, “it is still polite for you to say: ‘Would you mind not smoking around me?' ”
At Magnolia, a cannabis dispensary in Oakland, Calif., pot smokers talk about what responsibilities — if any — they should have when it comes to nearby nonsmokers.
“This is the first time that I have heard secondhand smoke in reference to cannabis,” admits Lee Crow, a patient-services clerk at Magnolia. “I've tried to be courteous — just common courtesy, like with anything.”
The dispensary's director of clinical services, Barbara Blaser, admits she thinks a lot about secondhand smoke from cigarettes, but not pot.
“Both of my parents died of lung cancer!” she says. “I will stop a stranger and say, ‘You shouldn't be smoking. My dad died of that!' ”
California's Proposition 64, approved by state voters in 2016, requires that some of the state tax revenue from the sale of marijuana to be distributed to cannabis researchers. In addition, the state's Occupational Safety and Health Standards Board is examining workplace hazards that are specific to the cannabis industry.
This story is part of NPR's reporting partnership, local member stations and Kaiser Health News.
Copyright 2018 KALW. To see more, visit KALW
London's Parliament Square Gets Its First Statue Honoring A Woman
Enlarge this image toggle caption Stefan Rousseau/PA Images via Getty Images Stefan Rousseau/PA Images via Getty Images
For nearly 150 years, it's been men only: Winston Churchill, Nelson Mandela, Abraham Lincoln, Mahatma Gandhi and seven other statesmen. But on Tuesday, the statuary in London's Parliament Square got a new face: suffragist leader Millicent Fawcett.
British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke at the unveiling ceremony and hailed Fawcett as a pioneering feminist who was instrumental in gaining political agency and power for women throughout the country.
"I would not be standing here today as prime minister, no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament, none of us would have had the rights and protections we now enjoy, were it not for one truly great woman: Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett," May said.
The bronze statue depicts Fawcett at age 50 as she was awarded a brooch from the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies. In her hands is a placard that reads, "Courage Calls To Courage Everywhere," which was taken from a speech she gave after the death of fellow suffragist Emily Wilding Davison at the 1913 Epsom Derby.
Author Interviews 'The Woman's Hour' Documents Pivotal Leaders In The Fight For Suffrage 'The Woman's Hour' Documents Pivotal Leaders In The Fight For Suffrage Listen · 8:48 8:48
Born in 1847, Fawcett dedicated much of her life to fighting for women's rights. She began campaigning for the right to vote at age 19 and quickly became well known as a speaker and organizer. She became president of the NUWSS in 1907 and worked to broaden the group's base to include working-class women. She died in 1929, a year after all women over the age of 21 were granted the right to vote.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan noted Fawcett's inclusion, or that of any woman in Parliament Square, is long overdue.
"When you think of the great people in Parliament Square and when you realize that not one of them is a woman, it sort of begs the question, are we saying there haven't been incredible women in the past? That our country hasn't been built on the back of great women?" Khan said.
The campaign to include a statue of a woman was launched by activist Caroline Criado Perez. She told the BBC that she was jogging past the historic square on International Women's Day in 2016 when she when noticed the absence of any female figures. She started the campaign "as she sat on a bench outside Buckingham Palace at the end of her run," according to the broadcaster.
"If [Fawcett] were a man, she'd have hundreds of statues up to her," Criado Perez told the BBC. "She's directly facing Parliament with her placard, so the MPs can see her everyday and think, 'I should probably go and sort that problem out.' "
Fawcett's monument is also the first in the square to be created by a female artist — Gillian Wearing, a conceptual artist who won the Turner Prize in 1997.
"Other designers and artists just didn't get it like Gillian did," Criado Perez told the BBC. "For me, it was very important [Millicent] was middle aged. I wanted her to be standing there not at all sexualised, but statesmanlike."
Criado-Perez previously campaigned successfully to make Jane Austen the new face of Britain's 10-pound note.
Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock would "lie in bed just moaning and screaming 'oh my God,'" his girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told investigators, who remain without a satisfying motive for the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history nearly a week after the attack. The former FBI officials who relayed Danley's account to NBC News added that while Danley described "mental health symptoms," authorities do not believe Paddock's health had reached such a state as to satisfyingly explain his horrific actions.
In addition to not understanding what drove Paddock to his attack — which was meticulously planned and perhaps involved scouting possible locations in other states — investigators are trying to learn what the gunman did in the hour between shooting a security guard outside his hotel room and being discovered dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound by a SWAT team. It was unclear how long Paddock had been dead in the room before he was found.
"I hope to hell they find, when they do the autopsy, that there's a tumor in his head, or something, because if they don't, we're all in trouble," said the shooter's brother, Eric Paddock. NBC News writes that authorities believe at the very least Paddock "may have been in physical or mental anguish." Jeva Lange
Could Biden Make A Presidential Run In 2020? Former Vice President Joe Biden has had a busy public schedule lately. It's fueling speculation about ambitions to run for the White House in 2020.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's no denying how unbelievably stunning Khloe Kardashian is looking these days.
And she's set to help whip even more people into shape after being given the green light for a second season of her show.
Revenge Body with Khloe Kardashian is coming back.
The 32-year-old star has officially been given the go ahead to bring back the popular American show on E! for a second instalment.
The programme sees the Keeping Up With The Kardashians babe mentor people who have been dumped or have battled with weight issues to help them overcome their personal challenges.
Khloe Kardashian BLASTS the Hollywood stylists who refused to dress her when she was at her biggest
(Photo: E!)
E! News has reported the forthcoming eight-part season will feature new contestants who will open up about their confidence struggles.
But this time the show will go on for a longer time to allow more time for the make-overs.
The star – who is currently dating 26-year-old professional basketball player Tristan Thompson – will continue to have the support from a team of beauty and styling experts as well as personal trainers to transform the participants.
(Photo: E! Entertainment)
And the reality star is “so happy” her show is making a comeback, because she feels “proud” she is able to help other people who struggle with their self-confidence and encourage them to gain their “strength, stamina, style and swagger” back.
Khloe – who hosts and executive produces the programme - explained: “I am so happy to have the opportunity to help people who are determined to make a change by allowing us to share in their personal struggles.
"I'm proud to be part of their journey and contribute to each one of them gaining more strength, stamina, style and swagger."
(Photo: khloekardashian/Instagram)
And E!'s Executive Vice President of Programming and Development, Jeff Old, is “thrilled” Khloe's show will be returning “with a vengeance”.
He said: “We are thrilled Revenge Body with Khloe Kardashian is coming back with a vengeance for another season.
"As the first season has shown, we were blown away by the evolution of the participants and Khloe's unique ability to connect, inspire and encourage others."
“Recent reports suggest that Apple may be working on a hybrid Mac, one that has a touchscreen and also runs iOS apps,” John Martellaro writes for The Mac Observer. “An ARM-based Mac. Just how, exactly, would this work?”
“My theory on this is that we're looking at a special purpose, light-duty MacBook for travel and possibly education,” Martellaro writes. “What isn't likely, in the near term, is a wholesale migration of the Mac lineup from Intel to ARM.”
“macOS would be recompiled for ARM and run natively. Mac apps would, for starters, run in emulation mode,” Martellaro writes. “iOS apps would run in a subsystem, natively on ARM, with touchscreen support. This is how I think Apple would do it. If it seems like a stretch, just remember that, undoubtably, Apple has been running macOS on ARM for years now, just as it (secretly) ran Mac OS X on Intel for years before the demise of PowerPC Macs.”
Much more in the full article – recommended – here.
Russian President Vladimir Putin Wins Another 6-Year Term
Putin has been declared the winner in Sunday's Russian election, giving him a fourth term as president. Critics say the vote was staged, and the only questions are over the size of Putin's majority.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
I hesitate to even call this news because it was so pre-determined, but Russian President Vladimir Putin has won the Russian presidential election over the weekend. Authorities say he earned more than three-quarters of the vote. He is now set to rule Russia for another six years and, who knows, maybe longer depending on what happens. NPR's Lucian Kim is in Yekaterinburg, a city in the Ural Mountains - what? - Lucian, about a thousand miles east of Moscow?
LUCIAN KIM, BYLINE: Yes, that's right. Good morning.
GREENE: Good morning. So you got out of Moscow to get a feel for this election from away from the capital. I mean, what is the feel? Are people celebrating in the streets that Putin won again?
KIM: (Laughter) Well, not exactly. Last night, there was a small rally on the main square with a lot of loud dance music. It was actually officially dedicated to Crimea's annexation four years ago. But everybody there knew this was about Putin's re-election. And in fact, the election was timed to coincide with that anniversary. It was one way to whip up some patriotic fervor for a vote, as you said, that most people saw as pre-determined.
GREENE: Yeah. I guess that's the challenge, making sure people actually turn out if they know what the result is going to be. But, Lucian, does Putin have an argument to make? I mean, the economy in Russia is not doing that well. He's being criticized left and right, especially after this poisoning of a former spy in Britain. So what was his argument?
KIM: Well, that's exactly it. I mean, Putin has sort of a reverse narrative from what people hear in the U.S. or in Europe. It's - his narrative is that Russia is actually not doing all that bad, especially considering all the sanctions that the U.S. and Europe have imposed after the annexation of Crimea. And every day, state television is sending the message the West is against us, we're a besieged fortress. As far as the poisoning of the Russian spy, the former Russian spy in Britain, Putin actually addressed that yesterday. And that's also just part of - a part of that narrative that this is - there's an international anti-Russian campaign, including actually the accusations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
GREENE: Oh, so the West is against us, and he's sort of the hero to make sure that Russia remains strong. Well, his - Putin's most vocal critic, the anti-corruption activist Alexei Navalny, who you've reported on quite a bit, he wasn't even allowed to run in this election. So what is the message from the opposition after this election took place?
KIM: Well, the opposition is reporting harassment of independent election monitors and even some isolated incidents of violence. But more - much more than that, just pressure on government employees to go out and vote and good old ballot stuffing. The problem is that the opposition doesn't - isn't really presenting a very convincing or consolidated alternative. Last night, even before the preliminary results were out, Alexei Navalny and liberal candidate Ksenia Sobchak, who picked up less than 2 percent of the vote, they were squabbling on his YouTube channel. She offered to unite forces with him, and Navalny called her a Putin tool for running in the elections and said, no, he wouldn't unite with her.
GREENE: OK, so not a unified message from the opposition. So what happens now? Could Putin run again and go beyond the six-year term?
KIM: Well, that's - there's a lot of speculation about that. I mean, some people are comparing, you know, the Chinese model. And it's true that Putin really admires Chinese President Xi Jinping. He even mentioned him in his victory press conference. He was also asked if he'd change the constitution. Putin said he doesn't have such plans yet.
GREENE: Yet. All right, NPR's Lucian Kim in Russia. Thanks, Lucian.
(SOUNDBITE OF SOULAR ORDER'S "LANGUAGE")
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Set To Meet Trump
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits Washington, D.C., on Wednesday to meet President Trump, who might be changing U.S. policy on settlements, Jerusalem and Israel's adversary — Iran.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is in Washington. He's set to meet President Trump tomorrow. They'll talk about security in the Middle East and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Trump has promised full support for Israel. Though, lately he has sent mixed signals on Israeli settlements. NPR's Joanna Kakissis reports all this is happening as Netanyahu faces pressure at home.
JOANNA KAKISSIS, BYLINE: President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu will probably have a lot to talk about in their planned meeting.
REUVEN HAZAN: They seem to be cut from similar cloth.
KAKISSIS: That's Reuven Hazan, a political science professor at Hebrew University in Jerusalem. He spoke by Skype.
HAZAN: Very individual, personalistic-type leadership, not so much having grown within a party organization but wanting to lead. They both come with a Republican perspective of politics and the world.
KAKISSIS: It's the first time Netanyahu will be working closely with an American president who shares his politics. Israeli political analyst Daphna Kaufman says people in Israel are watching closely.
DAPHNA KAUFMAN: There is a perception that there's this potentially historic opportunity for an Israeli leader to put forth a broader vision to an audience that's receptive at a time of a lot of turbulence globally.
KAKISSIS: That broader vision includes recruiting the U.S. to curb Iran's influence in Syria, which borders Israel. And Netanyahu is expected to ask Trump to enlist Russian President Vladimir Putin to restrain Iran's activity around the region. And while that may be Netanyahu top priority, he faces other domestic, political pressures. Members of his right-wing government are pushing him to build many more homes for Jewish settlers in the West Bank, which Israel has occupied since 1967. Netanyahu used to blame Obama for slowing that expansion, says Israeli diplomat Alon Pinkas.
ALON PINKAS: The Israeli Right, including Mr. Netanyahu, profoundly disliked President Obama.
KAKISSIS: Settlements did grow under Obama, as under previous American presidents. Netanyahu may also be looking to distract Israeli attention from two police corruption probes into his administration, says commentator Akiva Eldar.
AKIVA ELDAR: He needs to create new headlines to change the agenda from his own problems to the occupied territories. And this is a master of spinning. He is a magician of spinning.
KAKISSIS: Palestinians of course have a very different view of the meeting. They're hoping Trump will see that the U.S. needs global backing to fight terrorism and extremism.
SAEB EREKAT: But this cannot be done without a solution to the Palestinian-Israeli problem. And here, President Trump doesn't need to reinvent the wheel.
KAKISSIS: That Saeb Erekat, who's secretary general of the Palestine Liberation Organization. He's saying that Trump should stay focused on a two-state solution to the conflict.
EREKAT: So I urge and appeal to President Trump to seize the opportunity. And he can do it. He can do it by simply asking both parties to come to negotiate and asking Benjamin Netanyahu to stop settlements.
KAKISSIS: Regular Palestinians don't expect much from any U.S. president.
MAJDI QRONFULEH: Donald Trump - he's like Obama and like Bush who don't give us the peace for our lands, OK?
KAKISSIS: That's medical researcher Majdi Qronfuleh in the city of Nablus in the northern West Bank. He says continued settlement growth will make a Palestinian state impossible. But Netanyahu's administration has approved thousands of new settlement homes since Trump was inaugurated last month. Joanna Kakissis, NPR News, Jerusalem.
(SOUNDBITE OF BRAD MEHLDAU SONG, "JOHN BOY")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
A disabled chicken named Dill and her sister Rosemary paid a visit to a Bakewell care home as part of an animal therapy session.
The chickens belong to breeder Wendy Watkins, who took them along to Burton Closes Hall Care Home for the residents to meet.
Animal therapy sessions help to improve social interaction and lessen the effects of loneliness and depression.
Send your community news and photographs to: news@buxtonadvertiser.co.uk.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Smallville actress Allison Mack was released from jail on a $5 million (£3.6 million) bail bond today to await trial on charges of recruiting women to serve as sex slaves into what was billed as a female mentorship group run by self-help guru Keith Raniere.
Allison, best known for her role as Chloe Sullivan in the hit TV series, was in court on Tuesday where the presiding judge approved her release from custody after her parents agreed to put the family's home in California up as collateral, and the 35-year-old agreed to live with her parents under house arrest.
As she left court, she was filmed battling her way through a media scrum with her representatives.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Last week, prosecutors in New York charged Allison with sex trafficking and conspiracy for recruiting women into a programme within Raniere's organization Nxivm, representing it as a female mentorship group.
They said that the actress, who has pleaded not guilty, played a major role in the group.
Prosecutors and Allison's lawyers said in a court filing that the two sides are engaged in plea negotiations.
Raniere, 57, was arrested on sex trafficking charges last month, and is being held without bail.
US Magistrate Judge Viktor Pohorelsky set terms that prohibit Allison from having any contact with Raniere, Nxivm or anyone associated with the organisation.
Authorities have accused Raniere of running a secret society within Nxivm where women were branded with his initials, put on extremely restrictive diets and forced to have sex with him.
(Image: PETER FOLEY/EPA)
(Image: PETER FOLEY/EPA)
Upon joining, members, who numbered as many as 50, were required to provide information about family and friends, nude photographs and rights to their assets, which were used to blackmail them into staying, according to prosecutors.
The women were taught that the society would empower and strengthen them, prosecutors said.
Nxivm on its website calls itself "a community guided by humanitarian principles that seek to empower people and answer important questions about what it means to be human."
(Image: Splash News)
Raniere said he was "deeply saddened" and denied "abusing, coercing or harming" anyone in a letter posted on the site.
Marc Agnifilo, a lawyer for Raniere, said earlier this month that he was "confident these allegations will be soundly disproven."
ROANOKE - Preview Mill Mountain Theatre's latest production for the entire family-- "A Year with Frog and Toad". Find out where you can catch this fun and kid-friendly show.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON: Russia has deployed a new cruise missile despite complaints by US officials that it violates an arms control treaty banning ground-based US and Russian intermediate-range missiles, a senior Trump administration official said on Tuesday.
Russia had secretly deployed the ground-launched SSC-8 cruise missile that Moscow has been developing and testing for several years, despite US complaints that it violated sections of the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty, the official said, confirming a story first reported by the New York Times.
“We know that this is an old issue. The Russians have been building and testing these things in violation of the INF treaty going back to the Obama administration,” said the official, asking to remain anonymous to speak freely. “The issue now is the things are deployed and it's an even greater violation of the INF treaty,” the official added.
The Russian Defense Ministry did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the Times story.
The US State Department concluded in a July 2014 arms control report that “the Russian Federation is in violation of its obligations under the INF Treaty not to possess, produce, or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile (GLCM) with a range capability of 500 km to 5,500 km, or to possess or produce launchers of such missiles.”
Russia accused Washington of conducting “megaphone diplomacy” after the accusation was repeated by the State Department in 2015. Moscow also denied it had violated the INF treaty, which helped end the Cold War between the two countries.
The previous US administration of President Barack Obama had protested in an attempt to persuade Moscow to correct the violation while the missile was still in the testing phase, the Trump administration official said.
Based on open-source information such as Russian bloggers, they were deployed in the central military district, the administration official said, adding: “We are reviewing it.”
Russia now has two battalions of the cruise missile, the Times report quoted administration officials as saying. One is located at Russia's missile test site at Kapustin Yar in the country's southeast. The other cruise missile battalion has been located at an operational base elsewhere in Russia, the Times quoted one unidentified official as saying.
MINNEAPOLIS — February 1, 2018 — Christopher & Banks Corporation, a specialty women's apparel retailer, today announced that it has completed its search for a successor to interim Chief Executive Officer and President Joel Waller. The Company's Board of Directors (“Board”) has appointed Keri Jones as the Company's Chief Executive Officer and as a member of its Board effective upon her first day of employment, which is anticipated to be on March 12, 2018. In order to ensure a smooth transition, Mr. Waller will continue as a Board member and in a consulting capacity for the near future.
Ms. Jones is a proven executive with over 30 years' experience at leading premier retail businesses including Dick's Sporting Goods and Target Corporation. In her most recent role as Executive Vice President, Chief Merchant at Dick's Sporting Goods, Ms. Jones was responsible for the strategy and execution of Merchandising, Product Development and Planning, Allocation & Replenishment. Prior to Dick's, Ms. Jones spent 27 years at Target, where she served in a variety of leadership roles, including, Executive Vice President of Global Supply Chain; Executive Vice President of Merchandising Planning and Operations; Senior Vice President of Health and Beauty; and Vice President, General Merchandise Manager, Toys and Sporting Goods.
Kent Kleeberger, Chairman of the Board of Directors stated, “We are extremely pleased that Keri has agreed to join the Company as CEO and we welcome her to the CBK team. She is a versatile global executive displaying outstanding leadership with a proven record of driving results through consumer-focused strategy development. We conducted an extensive search and Keri distinguished herself as our top choice having the deep industry experience, leadership skills and passion for the specialty retail business we were seeking.”
Ms. Jones said, “It's an honor to be named CEO and I am very excited to be joining Christopher & Banks and working with Joel Waller, the Board of Directors and the rest of the organization to build upon the current momentum and drive the Company to consistent profitability. I share their passion for this business and focus on customer service and look forward to leveraging the Company's brand strengths to deliver improved operating results for the Company's shareholders.”
Mr. Kleeberger indicated on behalf of the Board, “We want to thank Joel for his stewardship and contributions as interim President and Chief Executive Officer and for his agreement to continue as a Board member while serving in a consultant role to Keri in order to ensure a smooth transition. Joel joined us during a difficult time and provided stability to the business, empowered our executives and put in place the executional merchandise strategy to move the Company forward.”
Mr. Waller said, “I want to thank the Board for the opportunity to serve as the Company's interim President and Chief Executive Officer and am very pleased with the progress that the current management team and I were able to achieve thus far. I am excited to have Keri join us and I look forward to working with her to ensure a smooth transition and the continuation of the Company's current turnaround.”
Posted February 2, 2018
Source: Christopher & Banks Corporation
The Sơn Đoòng cave in Vietnam is undoubtedly one of the most spectacular places we can visit on the planet. It was first discovered by a local farmer in 1991, but it took 18 years before scientists were able to make their way into the cave and see what was hiding there.What a sight it must have been!The Sơn Đoòng cave is not only the world's largest cave, it is a separate little world. Under the roof there isThe cave is five times larger than Phong Nha cave, a nearby cave previously considered the biggest cave in Vietnam.Sơn Đoòng means "Mountain river cave" and the researchers estimate that the cave is about five million years old. The largest room in the Sơn Đoòng cave is more than five kilometers long and stretches 200 meters into the air. With these dimensions, Sơn Đoòng overtook Deer Cave in Malaysia in 2009 to take the title of the world's largest cave.In 2013 the first guided tour was arranged to Son Doong. The price was rigid - $3,000 for five nights in tents. But then you would have a nature experience that very few people ever had.
When authorities found 2-year-old William Odom of Mississippi, who had wandered away from home, the boy's dog was with him. The dog went with the boy to protect him, authorities believe. Harrison County, Mississippi, Sheriff's Department
Facing An Uphill Battle, Activists Race To Oppose Trump's Supreme Court Pick
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
One day after Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announced his retirement, a group calling itself Demand Justice staged a rally outside the court's front steps.
Activists who said they support civil rights and abortion rights mixed with Democratic senators. They were angry that, after declining to convene a vote on President Barack Obama's nominee for the court, the Republican Senate majority leader now is set to confirm the second justice nominated by President Trump.
"Mitch McConnell, shame on you, the people deserve a say too," the protesters chanted.
Sara Chieffo brought along her tiny daughter, Lucy. Chieffo said she was demonstrating because of the implications for American law during her child's lifetime.
"We need a Supreme Court justice that's going to uphold the values of our democracy, enforce our nation's laws that protect her health, the clean air and the clean water she needs to thrive. There's so much at stake here," Chieffo said. "It's why we're here this morning. Being a D.C. kid, there's a lot to protest these days."
In fact, it was baby Lucy's second protest, Chieffo said; she brought her last year to oppose Trump's first Supreme Court pick, Neil Gorsuch. But Gorsuch was confirmed without much trouble in 2017, after the Senate voted to change its rules and clear the way for Supreme Court justices to win approval based on a simple 51-vote majority.
That shift will make it more difficult than it might once have been for Democrats to try to derail Trump's next nominee.
Brian Fallon used to work for the top Democrat in the U.S. Senate, Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York. Now Fallon runs Demand Justice, a 12-person start-up operation housed in a shared work space a block away from the White House.
"We do not have a majority of Democrats in the Senate, that is true," Fallon said. "But we do have a majority in the Senate on the two key issues that we think will define the fight: We do have a majority in the Senate that think Roe v Wade should not be overturned. And we do have a majority of votes in the Senate that think the Affordable Care Act should not be gutted."
The challenge for opponents, Fallon said, is motivating grassroots communities interested in those issues to engage over the Supreme Court vacancy — and to do it in a hurry.
To start, they're running TV ads in states including Maine, Alaska, West Virginia, Indiana and North Dakota, to reach the constituents of key senators.
Long odds
Enlarge this image toggle caption Zach Gibson/Getty Images Zach Gibson/Getty Images
Demand Justice is just five months old, and it faces some long odds.
Conservative groups that support the president's judges are expected to out-spend opponents by millions of dollars. Carrie Severino is a former clerk for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and policy director of the conservative Judicial Crisis Network.
"Judges are forever," Severino said. "They're not really forever, they're for life. But that is almost the same thing here. This is a generational impact and will affect how everything the president even does on the executive order front, regulations, legislation, is interpreted and applied going forward."
Severino pointed out that conservative voters unite around the issue of judges, but it's harder for Democrats.
Consider this: A few weeks ago, before the newest Supreme Court vacancy, Demand Justice conducted a focus group in Columbus, Ohio. Ten Democratic-leaning women sat around a table, eating snacks and chatting about their community.
Several of the women worried about Trump's tweets and about new restrictions on clinics that perform abortions. Then, the moderator interjected: "So, let's talk a little bit about Anthony Kennedy. Is everyone familiar with who he is?"
One participant said she didn't know, so the moderator asked for a show of hands. Few of them went up in the air.
Fallon, who runs Demand Justice, said women in that focus group got more motivated once they understood that Kennedy was considered the high court's swing vote on abortion rights.
Chris Kang, the chief counsel for Demand Justice, helped President Obama usher his Supreme Court picks through the Senate. He said Democrats tend to operate in issue silos, with people organizing around reproductive rights or issues related to lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender peoples' rights.
"What we are here to do is try to break it down for everybody so that they understand, no matter what the issue that you care about, at the end of the day, it always comes down to the courts," Kang said.
Law Examining What Justice Anthony Kennedy's Retirement Means Examining What Justice Anthony Kennedy's Retirement Means Listen · 10:20 10:20
Now the group wants to find a way to communicate that message more broadly — and to do it by August, when the hearings for Kennedy's replacement are likely to begin.
Trump is expected to announce his nominee for the high court on Monday.
Tenterfield Shire Council says it will need help to fix its 58 timber bridges.
Tenterfield Shire Council says it will need help to fix its 58 timber bridges.
A "SUBSTANTIAL injection of funding" will be needed to replace a large number of timber bridges in the Tenterfield Shire.
The mayor, Peter Petty, said the council owned 58 timber bridges and would need help to fix or replace them.
Cr Petty and the council's chief executive, Terry Dodds, met with Lismore MP Thomas George and Roads Minister Melinda Pavey in Sydney last week to discuss the issues.
"The purpose of the meeting was to discuss options and strategies on how the State Government may assist Tenterfield Shire Council address some of our timber bridge renewal challenges," Cr Petty said.
"I would like to thank both Thomas and Melinda for taking the time to listen to council's concerns.
"Whilst I know we have a way to go, the first step it to open discussions.
"The meeting was very informative and has given the council a platform to approach."
On his fourth Independence Day speech for the ramparts of the historic Red Fort in Delhi, Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a special reference to Kashmir and said there was 'no question of going soft on terrorism'. Dressed for the occasion in a resplendent red-saffron safa (turban) PM Modi also spoke of development, democracy, demonetisation and development.
Here are some of the top quotes from the Prime Minister's I-day speech:
In the last few days, we have had some natural calamities in some areas of the country. People of India stand with those affected due to natural disasters and tragedy in Gorakhpur. We have to take the country forward with determination and resolve to create a ‘New India'. In India, no one is big or small, everyone is equal. Together we can bring about positive change. We have to change this ‘Chalta Hai' (anything goes or casual) attitude and think of ‘Badal Sakta Hai' (things can change). This attitude will help India. GST has shown the spirit of cooperative federalism. The country came together to support the move and technology has helped. Violence in the name of ‘Astha' (faith) is not acceptable in India. India is about Ekta (Unity), Shanti (Peace) and Sadhbhavana (Harmony). I admire the courage of woman who are fighting against ‘triple talaq'. We are with them in their struggles. I thank the media for raising such issues. Neither ‘Gali' (abuse) nor ‘Goli' (violence) will help resolve the problems of Jammu and Kashmir. There is no question of being soft on terror or terrorists. Together we will create an India which will have enough housing for the poor, will be free from casteism and communalism – a ‘Divya Bharat, Bhavya Bharat' (Divine and Splendid India) I urge all Indians to pledge to create a ‘New India' and move ahead on the path of development and achieve developmental goals by 2022.
Bad Bunny's Double Knockout: Our Favorite Latin Songs This Week
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
As the temperature outside climbs well into the 90s, we're getting a bit restless. Luckily, this week Bad Bunny released not one but two bangers to keep us moving, and his collaborator, Arcangel's old other-half De La Ghetto, released a love bop with Maluma and Wisin that will make you yearn for the simpler romances of childhood. Meanwhile, L.A. hometown heroes Inner Wave provide a silky synth wave ballad that will make you want to fall in love in someone's Honda Civic.
This playlist is part of a weekly Spotify series of NPR Music's favorite Latin songs that will be updated every Wednesday. Catch our weekly thoughts and hot takes here.
Rimas Music
Bad Bunny, "Estamos Bien"
The King Midas of Latin trap is inspiring those surrounded by negativity or post-hurricane conditions to stay golden with his new single "Estamos Bien." The homemade music video, shot in the artist's native Puerto Rico, is a mandatory watch, featuring el conejo malo in the directing, shooting and starring roles. "Since we're on vacation, I didn't want to bother anyone, so I filmed the music video myself," the Latin trap artist wrote in an Instagram post.
The unannounced single doesn't sound like the usual chart-topping Bad Bunny songs that we've been listening to in the last year. The track embraces the trap in Latin trap and skews from more reggaeton-inspired sounds to SoundCloud rap beats and samples. The lyrics resonate among the thousands of Puerto Ricans that still remain without power or electricity with lines like, "Even if there's still no power at my house / thank God I still have my health (Amen)." Although Bad Bunny has been blowing up all over the world and has collaborated with rap giant Cardi B and even WWE-legend Ric Flair, his DIY music video shows he hasn't forgotten where he comes from. — Coral Murphy
Warner Music Group Latina
De La Ghetto feat. Maluma & Wisin, "Todo El Amor"
It's not summer without a good old-fashioned reggaeton romantico to pine over. All the major players in Latin pop (as on last week's "Casualidad" from Nacho and Ozuna) have been collaborating to create this year's is-it-love-or-Don-Q? soundtrack, and De La Ghetto's "Todo El Amor" is no exception. The music video depicts the three artists as kids rapping adorably over a flashback of De La Ghetto's abuelo giving him a magic ring that will bring him to the love of his life (The magical realism tradition of Latin American art is strong, even in reggaeton). Later, an adult De La Ghetto FaceTimes his two collaborators to tell him of his engagement with the ring. It's all very cute — that is, until Maluma, a modern Adonis, says "Siempre chulitos / Nunca feitos," a statement straight out of the Instagram caption of that dude you like who keeps flaunting other girls on his yacht to spite you specifically. — Stefanie Fernández
Sony Music Latin
Arcangel feat. Bad Bunny, "Original"
Arcangel's latest single with Bad Bunny embodies the "how to spot fake Gucci" Google search culture. The Latin trap artists make clear that they're far from that culture, since everything they own is "original," never fake. The single is off Arcangel's new album Ares, expected to be released by mid-July. This is definitely one of the songs you'll hear at a marquesina party this summer blasting off the speakers installed in the trunk of your friend's car. — Coral Murphy
Inner Wave feat. Bane's World, "Whoa"
Inner Wave
Strange things are afoot in the suburbs of Los Angeles. The same growing movement that gave rise to self-produced independent Chicano artists like Cuco (who you can spot on the single cover) gave birth to Inner Wave, a five-piece synth wave band from Inglewood, Calif. composed of friends that met at church when they were 13. The band's newest single with Bane's World, "Whoa," features silky vocals over 8-bit chip tune beats that remind me of the video games of my youth like Animal Crossing (though these guys would give K.K. Slider a run for his money.) While "Whoa" promises big things coming out of Southern California, Inner Wave will make you want to dive into the warm summer afternoon sounds of your own hometown music scene. — Stefanie Fernández
Kate Vargas
Kate Vargas, "7 Inches"
Kate Vargas lives in New York, but she is originally from New Mexico, the Land of Enchantment. But the translated "Tierra del Encanto" is a better reflection of Vargas' music because encanto reflects the possibilities of a deeper spiritual or even supernatural tinge.
"7 Inches" from June is a great introduction to Vargas' raggedly delicate vocals and the kind of sonic landscape that conjures other worlds. Her poetic lyricism is rooted in the folklore and storytelling of that area where the landscape oozes a sense of magical possibilities. Vargas pulls us in on what may be her most complete musical statement to date. Her album For The Wolfish & Wandering will be released on July 27. — Felix Contreras
This playlist is updated weekly.
It doesn't matter what he's wearing, from fedora to boots, or naked, when 8-year-old Baxter and his handler Brian Hohstadt strut into a room they are surrounded like a pair of celebrities.
“I always joke that it takes me 20 minutes to go what should take me two,” laughed Hohstadt.
A lot of hospitals have pet therapy programs centered around dogs or even cats, but Baxter is a registered therapy horse who makes his rounds at Saint Alphonsus hospital in Boise.
“It's very unique. It's very different, but we get just a phenomenal reaction to the horses,” said Hohstadt.
When Hohstadt got Baxter when the horse was three, he was completely wild. In just 14 months of training her got a perfect score on his pet therapy evaluation which allows him to go into places like Saint Alphonsus to give patients a few minutes to forget whatever they are going through.
“I think almost everybody has some kind of connection with an animal,” said Hohstadt. “It just gives them a few minutes just to kind of disconnect and visit with an animal,” said Hohstadt.
Hohstadt said he has seen the result of how powerful pet therapy can be first hand, so he tries to make the three hour one way journey from La Grande to Saint Alphonsus every other Friday, but it's not just the patients who are transfixed by the 125 pound 26 inch miniature gelding.
“I have had surgeons follow me down hallways taking video,” said hohstadt. “I get mobbed everywhere we go. We have crowds following us down the hallways. I can't get anywhere fast. The second I arrive the volunteer office starts getting phone calls saying they know the horse is here and can he come to this floor, this unit, this department.”
Hohstadt said he retired from his job early with the hopes of still being able to do pet therapy. He does it mostly with his own funds and last year alone he made 300 visits to different organizations around the region. It's long days especially trying to get out of a building with Baxter when people are chasing him down but Hohstadt said it's all worth it.
“The feedback we get and the response we see is just phenomenal,” said Hohstadt.
For more information about Triple B Foundation for Pet Therapy click here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DURYEA -- A 10-year-old boy found a hypodermic needle recently near his bus stop in Duryea.
Duryea police say it is happening more and more: needles found all over the community.
"We need to be more aware of what's going on for our kids' sake,” said Maria Cedres of Pittston, whose children play in Duryea.
Police are asking people who find needles to call 911 so an officer can remove it safely and so the locations can be marked down. It's an effort to crack down on heroin and other drug use.
"The one person that I know that it happened to, she did call 911. She didn't want to touch it,” said Peggy Gray of Duryea.
At Duryea Community Park, almost everyone seemed to know about the issue.
Audrey Yager says she regularly looks for them. She was taking a knife to police that was just found in the park.
"I don't know whose bringing them, but I watch for that and I hope that I can help a little bit,” said Yager.
Some youngsters say they even know where to find needles.
"They're in like a back yard sort of on Foote Avenue," said fourth grader Caitlin Strunk of Duryea.
Some parents say the real lesson in all of this is keeping their own kids away from drug use. They're trying to do that the best they can.
"I really feel that it's important to keep kids busy with afterschool activities and sports and things like that, and really keep a close eye on everything they're doing so they don't get involved in things like that. I feel the busier they are, the less likely they will be in trouble,” said Christina Rhodes of Duryea.
New Delhi: Infrastructure sector recorded a growth rate of 4.9 percent in November on the back of impressive performance by steel, electricity and coal products.
However, growth rate of crude oil and natural gas output fell considerably on year-on-year basis.
The growth rate of eight infrastructure sectors -- coal, crude oil, natural gas, refinery products, fertilisers, steel, cement and electricity -- was 0.6 percent in November 2015. It was 6.6 percent in October 2016.
The core sectors, which contribute 38 percent to the total industrial production, expanded by 4.9 percent in April-November compared to 2.5 percent growth in the similar period of last financial year.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Six toddlers and a teacher burned to death in a nursery inferno carried out by a security guard who bragged he 'had a gift for everyone' days before the blaze.
Damiao Soares dos Santos, 50, poured gasoline over the children and himself before setting himself on fire, police believe.
He also allegedly locked teacher Helley Abreu Batista, 43, in a room before the blaze at the Innocent Children's People Municipal Education Centre in Jana ba, Minas Gerias, Brazil.
Investigators revealed dos Santos, who died from his injuries, told relatives he had a "gift for everyone" days before the attack which marked the three-year anniversary of his dad's death.
Police said they believe the blaze was planned after gallons of fuel were found at his home.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
A police spokesperson said: "Investigators believe the crime was premeditated and through diligent research they found gallons of fuel at the residence of the perpetrator.
"It was also found that Damiao symbolically marked the date of his father's death, three years ago as the date to carry out the attack.
"He told his family on Tuesday, that he had 'a gift to give to everyone' and they would soon find out.
"Investigators also ascertained that he was mentally ill and appeared to be obsessed with children.
"The bodies of four children and the offender, Dami o Soares dos Santos, have been released for burial."
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Around 50 children had been in the day care centre, which cares for children between the age of 2 and 5, at the time of the attack.
Four died at the scene and two more plus the teacher died later from their injuries. Another 23 victims are still being treated at hospital, seven in a critical condition.
It has been alleged the guard, who had worked at the nursery for nine years, 'embraced' some of the children while he was burning, causing them to catch light
Heartbreaking footage from the scene shows a woman with her clothes and hair burned, wandering around outside the nursery in a state of shock as children with their faces and clothes blackened from smoke stumble around in a daze.
Parents are seen desperately hauling toddlers from the burning and smoke-filled building as screams ring out from trapped toddlers and cries of anguish and panic from frantic parents fill the air.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Locals also race to throw buckets of water over the burning babies.
Police confirmed the names of the children who died at the scene as Ana Clara Ferreira Silva, Luiz Davi Carlos Rodrigues, Juan Pablo Cruz dos Santos and Ruan Miguel Soares Silva All were four years old.
Renan Nicolas dos Santos Silva, six years old, and Cecilia Davina Goncalves Dias, aged four, suffered 90 per cent and 80 per cent burns respectively.
They died while being transferred by helicopter to the Pronto-Socorro XXIII Hospital in the Belo Horizonte, the capital of Minas Gerais.
Speaking to Minas media, Mayor of Janauba, Carlos Isaildon Mendes said there was no indication that Santos was about to carry out the atrocity. He had no prior record of problems at work.
Mr Mendes said: "This is a very complicated situation. This was a decent employee who was on holiday from work.
"I had just returned from visiting the nursery when I was told (Damiao) knocked at the gate saying he wanted to deliver a medical certificate because he claimed he was not feeling well.
"He has been an employee since 2008 and has never had a bad record so we could never have anticipated something of this nature happening."
(Image: Caters News Agency)
According to a spokesperson from Jana ba city authority, Damiao went to the nursery carrying a pink backpack.
The spokesperson said: "Staff at the nursery found it strange that he chose to ring the bell and that he was at the nursery outside of working hours.
"But he said he was there to deliver a medical certificate.
"We believe he was carrying a bag of flammable liquid, possibly alcohol or gasoline in his backpack, which he used to set fire to the victims and himself.
"Staff at the nursery said he poured the liquid over the children and set fire (to himself and to them). We were also told he embraced some of the children which caused their bodies to burn."
According to the spokesperson the room where the students were trapped had bars on the window and a PVC ceiling which was flammable.
An emergency command centre was set up at the scene of the tragedy to control the critical rescue response.
Brazilian President Michel Temer voiced his horror at the atrocity. He told Globo News: "I am a father too so I understand the heartache. I want to express my solidarity and regret about this event, and hope that these things will not be repeated in Brazil."
Jana ba city council announced seven days of mourning for those affected by the tragedy.
The lowest-ranked uniformed personnel will see a nearly 100% increase in their basic salaries should the measure turn into law
Published 7:04 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Voting 167-4, the House of Representatives approved on 3rd and final reading a measure that would increase the base pay of the country's uniformed personnel including soldiers and policemen.
House Joint Resolution 18 is sponsored by House leaders including Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez, Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas, and Minority Leader Danilo Suarez, as well as Appropriations committee chairman Karlos Nograles and lawmakers Johnny Pimentel, Harlin Neil Abayon III, Ruffy Biazon, Gary Alejano, John Bertiz, Marlyn Alonte, Arthur Yap, and Salvador Belaro Jr.
It applies to all military personnel under the Department of National Defense, and all uniformed personnel under the Department of the Interior and Local Government, the Philippine Coast Guard, and the National Mapping and Resource Information Authority. (See the proposed salary hike here)
The proposed increase will see a rise in the base pay of candidate soldiers up to the rank of chief master sergeant in the military and their equivalent ranks in the other agencies. This will be fully implemented beginning January 1, 2018, should the resolution pass.
Meanwhile, the increase in the base pay for the ranks of First Master Sargeant to General and their equavalent ranks in the DILG, PCG, and NAMRIA will be implemented over two years beginning January 1, 2018.
The proposed hike benefits the lowest-ranked uniformed personnel, who would see a nearly 100% increase in their base pay.
Hazard pay for uniformed personnel will also be fixed at P540 a month, according to the resolution.
This comes after the Palace endorsed the budget department's resolution for the pay hike of soldiers and police. An increase in the uniformed service's salaries was among Duterte's campaign promises.
For the measure to turn into law, the Senate must approve its counterpart measure. Once the two chambers resolve any differences in their versions of the bill, Duterte may then sign it into law. – Rappler.com
Amy Polston
Dixie Supply was well known for its tomato pies
In his 2009 review, Robert Moss called Kristine and Allen Holmes' Dixie Supply Bakery & Cafe "something special," a place that didn't need fancy decor to set it apart. But that special spot on State Street is no more. According to Eater, Dixie Supply has shuttered following the September death of Kristine.Located next to the Li'l Cricket on State Street, following it's 2008 opening, Dixie Supply quickly caught national attention. The small cafe, loved for its tomato pie , made it onto Guy Fieri's "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives" in 2012 when Chef Patrick Woodham wowed Fieri with his shrimp BLT with fried green tomatoes.A Facebook post dated Dec. 29 reads, "We have loved being your neighborhood cafe for the past 10 years and it is with heavy hearts to make this decision."Calls for further details on the future of the space were not returned.
Dr. Peggy Swoveland, a third-generation Japanese American, presents “Finding Our Roots” on from 1–2 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 25the Branigan Cultural Center, 501 North Main St.
Dr. Swoveland will talk about recent trips she took with her sister to Japan and to Mitchell, NE to discover where their grandparents originated, and to learn something about the lives of their ancestors. The talk will be in conjunction with Issei and Beyond: The Nakayama Family's Journey in the Mesilla Valley on display at the Branigan Cultural Center Feb. 3–May 20.
Dr. Swoveland is a graduate of Las Cruces High School, Pomona College, University of California and University of Maryland School of Medicine. She received her BA in Biology, MA in Zoology and PhD in Microbiology. Her professional career has been as a medical researcher, specializing in virus infections of the brain.
She has strong connections to Las Cruces and the surrounding area. Her Nakayama grandparents began farming in the Mesilla Valley in 1918. Her mother's family, the Yabumotos, farmed in Chamberino near Anthony, NM where her mother was born.
As a member of the third-generation of the Nakayama family, Dr. Swoveland has inherited the family artifacts, which are presented in the exhibit Issei and Beyond: The Nakayama Family's Journey in the Mesilla Valley.
Dr. Swoveland is now retired and living in Las Cruces. She has served on the board of directors of First Step Center, a non-profit healthcare clinic for low-income women and children, chaired the board of trustees of Memorial Medical Center, served on the Healthcare Alliance for the county Health and Human Services Department, and is currently the chair of the board of directors of the Academy for Learning in Retirement (ALR).
Admission to the Branigan Cultural Center is free. The museum is open from 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Tuesday - Friday, and 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Saturday. For more information, visit the website at:museums.las-cruces.org or call 575-541-2154.
If you need accommodation for a disability to enable you to fully participate in this event, contact the museum 48 hours prior to the event.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
GUILFORD, Conn. (WTNH)– A New Haven woman was killed after crashing into trees off of I-95 south in Guilford, early Tuesday morning.
Police say just before 12:30 a.m., 38-year-old Kelly Reynolds was traveling on I-95 southbound when, for an unknown reason, her car drifted off the roadway onto the right shoulder, striking the wire rope guide rail and a DOT sign.
The car then continued, hitting several trees causing heavy damage. Reynolds was pronounced dead on scene.
A one car accident has 95south closed in #Guilford detour is onto Rt.1 pic.twitter.com/NeB9Nv4vfE — Teresa Dufour (@teresadu4) April 18, 2017
I-95 southbound was closed for several hours between exits 57 and 56 but has since reopened.
I-95 south has reopened in #Guilford — Teresa Dufour (@teresadu4) April 18, 2017
The accident remains under investigation. Anyone who may have witnessed the crash is urged to contact state police at 860-399-2100.
Friday, October 6, 2017
Here's what you heard this morning on KXT:
6am — KXT Wake-Up Call
“Friday” — Joe Jackson
I'm The Man, 1979
7:30am — This Day In Music History
Happy birthday to David Hidalgo of Los Lobos! The American singer-songwriter was born on this day in 1954. We hope you have a great 63rd!
“Will The Wolf Survive?” — Los Lobos
How Will The Wolf Survive?, 1984
8am — Brad's Vinyl Vault
“Higher Ground” — Red Hot Chili Peppers
Mother's Milk, 1989
9am — Art&Seek Calendar Highlights
Looking for weekend plans? Our friends over at Art&Seek have you covered! Check out the weekend events that are worth your time in North Texas.
Full Playlist
You can find the full playlist from this morning here.
Got a question about something you heard on KXT? Send us a message on Facebook or Twitter, or send us a message.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmerdale bad boy Joe Tate could meet a grisly end when a dangerous dare goes badly wrong.
In shocking scenes set to air next week, the village villain will be feared dead in a shock drowning twist.
The village villain jumps off the edge of a quarry to impress his younger brother Noah Dingle but he doesn't resurface.
The drama begins when Noah, who is desperate to hang out with his rich half-brother, asks him if they can reminisce over their dead dad.
Joe is hesitant as Charity has banned the pair form meeting up, but furious Noah mistakes his awkwardness and storms off.
Determined to make it up to his brother, Joe grabs a mountain bike and pursues Noah into the woods.
They eventually end up on the edge of a quarry, where Joe find Noah chucking stones into the water below.
The brothers share a intimate moment as they start to bond properly for the first time.
Once the emotional stuff is out of the way Noah dares his millionaire sibling to jump off the edge, which he stupidly agrees to.
Joe impulsively launches himself into the water way down below, but there's a massive problem.
Noah is left terrified when Joe doesn't resurface - so is he dead?
*Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7pm
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are plenty of conspiracy theories around at the moment about Arsene Wenger's future.
The new hierarchy has supposedly got their own man lined up, Joachim Low even got a mention this week and Gary Neville suggested on Sky that it “may be Arsene Wenger's last season.”
Former Manchester United defender Neville suggested it might have been a move on Arsenal's part to fool everyone into thinking Wenger would stay for two years but end up leaving after 12 months but not face so many questions about his future.
Well, the questions are beginning to come and, from what I know, while there is no definite succession plan in place, there is a growing feeling it could be the end of Wenger's 22 year reign this summer.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
Wenger is 68, did not fight as hard as he did last year to stay just to quit 12 months into a £8m-a-year two year contract, but he is realistic enough to know that sixth place, 26 points behind leaders Manchester City and finishing empty handed will not be progress.
It is hard to see Wenger ever walking away but there may be a mutual decision come the summer and it has to be said that Arsenal are now in a much better position to appoint the right successor than they have ever been before.
Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis talked about a “catalyst for change” last spring and that is coming into play and now with head of recruitment Sven Mislintat and Barcelona's former director of football Raul Sanllehi would know where to turn.
Wenger certainly offered no assurances about his future at a box holders Q&A session in Arsenal's Diamond Club on Thursday night. But he did make it clear that he was enjoying working with the new set-up.
He also insisted he was focused on finishing as high as possible, reaching the top four and veered away from answering questions about anything beyond this summer.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
But there was not quite the same level of him insisting he never breaks a contract as has always been the case in the past.
And there is a growing doubt about his future, especially in the wake of defeats like at Swansea on Tuesday night.
As good as this week has been in terms of signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and tying Mesut Ozil down to a new contract, the defeat at Swansea highlighted all Arsenal's old failings.
Arsenal will be reluctant to let another 12 months go by with the club reading water rather than making an appointment this summer to change things up.
There was definitely a plot in the board last year over whether to keep Wenger or not, but ultimately majority shareholder Stan Kroenke has the final say and insisted he wanted him to stay.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
(Image: Arsenal FC)
Kroenke's son Josh has been in town this week and is very close to his father and could provide a good bridge between club and owner as well as being tipped to eventually one day become chairman.
It all points to things changing at Arsenal and Wenger may yet enjoy a glorious season as they are in the Carabao Cup final, they are in the Europa League and are chasing a top four place.
But if it does fade away and finish in disappointment, then it may be that Wenger finally decides to move on and we are seeing the first hints and signs that this season may be his last.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British woman was held as a sex slave for weeks in Italy before escaping through a window, police have said.
The woman met Mamadou Jallow via Facebook and initially travelled to Germany to live with him.
She said after several months, he was forced to flee because he stabbed a rival during a drug dispute.
They travelled to Rosarno in the south-west of Italy where Jallow, a migrant from Burkino Faso, had a home.
But she says the situation suddenly changed and Jallow held her against her will and repeatedly raped her.
Jallow, 37, emptied her bank account and confiscated her mobile phone, it is alleged.
Two other men, from Mali, also came to the house to abuse her, it is claimed.
(Image: POLIZIA DI STATO)
After several weeks, the alleged victim, from the north of England, managed to get hold of her phone and call her family for help.
They had already contacted police after not hearing from the woman for several months.
Police coordinated with the local force in Rosarno and they were able to direct the woman to safety after she climbed through a window.
Jallow and the two other suspects were arrested a short time later.
A police spokesman in Rosarno told The Sun: "The woman was in a terrible state.
"She was kept as a slave for two weeks and abused by three men."
Medical records of some patients were destroyed in an arson attack which also cost the NHS £7,000 when a power loss meant drugs meant for immunisation could not be used, a judge was told.
It all happened after 30-year-old patient Sion Griffiths, upset that he had not been able to get the diazepam he craved, broke in during the night and started a fire to hide the evidence after he bled when smashing a window.
It happened at the surgery at Gwalchmai, Anglesey, which has 2,500 patients and also serves surrounding villages.
Griffiths, who lived at Maes Meurig, close to the surgery, pleaded guilty to burglary and arson and was jailed for two years and four months, with an extended licence period of three years at the end of the sentence.
Judge Huw Rees at Caernarfon crown court praised the efforts of Dr Richard Keatinge, who had rushed from his home and fought to put out the flames in the early hours of May 5, “at some obvious risk to himself.”
Elen Owen, prosecuting, said when he arrived at the surgery he spotted Griffiths trying to hide outside. “The manager's office window had been smashed and there was smoke billowing,” said Miss Owen. Dr Keatinge had borrowed a hose from a neighbour and managed to get the fire out, having also called the fire brigade.
Three or four boxes of diazepam had been stolen and two office chairs and paperwork set ablaze.
Miss Owen said the result of the power loss was that immunisation had to be cancelled for a week.
Griffiths had 29 previous offences, including for criminal damage in 2008 at a surgery a few miles away when slates had been torn from the roof. In 2011 he had started fires at two houses near his home and also to a tractor and had been jailed for three years.
Gareth Roberts, defending, said Griffiths had never recovered from personal tragedies, losing his father when he was four, his stepfather when 16, and two of his friends in a car crash when he was 14.
“He's ashamed and profoundly remorseful,” said the barrister.
“His intention was to steal the medication he craved.”
When his sentence was completed he hoped to start a landscape gardening business.
Passing sentence, Judge Rees said reports from a psychiatrist and the probation service suggested that Griffiths posed a significant risk when under the influence of drink or drugs.
He had targeted the surgery deliberately because “you wanted those drugs which you had been quite properly denied earlier that day.”
After the case Detective Constable Matt Corkish said: “Griffiths is a prolific offender with a track record of both burglary and arson and so today's sentence is significant for both his latest victims and the communities of Anglesey.”
He added: “Anglesey and north Wales is a far safer place with Griffiths behind bars.”
Against the odds, but it's possible. Or at least it's not impossible.
The past decade has seen a significant rise in startup ecosystems on a global level. From the U.S. to Israel to France, Brazil and India, the number of startups worldwide has exponentially increased. But the number of VCs? Not so much. Nowadays, fewer and fewer startups are obtaining venture capital funding, and bootstrapping is becoming far more common.
Interestingly enough, founders tend to have mixed feelings about bootstrapping their startup because of concerns about growth. With the costs of maintenance, subscriptions and other basic expenses, is it even possible to bootstrap a startup to millions of users?
Absolutely. There's a method to working strategically with what you have, and it requires patience, resourcefulness and accountability.
The greatest advantage to bootstrapping your startup is maintaining control. When you bootstrap, you only answer to yourself. Your team can freely do as internally agreed upon in terms of creative direction. There will be no more jumping through hoops. You'll be free from having to approve ideas through VCs, who sometimes place parameters on how you run your business based on their own interests.
Related: 4 Strategies for Skipping the VC Dog-and-Pony Show So You Really Own Your Company
If you manage a team that syncs well with one another, bootstrapping your company, though not without its challenges, will be relatively seamless. Creative ideas, product updates, and marketing and advertising campaigns can all be executed quickly and without interference. You pick the direction of your startup -- and it's up to you to decide which direction will be most effective in making your company known to the masses.
Here are some ideas for steering your startup in the right direction when it comes to greater visibility and brand awareness.
Tap into the power of community.
Let your community know what both you and your company have to offer. Think about ways you can collaborate with key players relevant to your industry. For example, if your service provides mentorship or counseling, you might want to consider collaborating with a local or online school, training center or shelter. If your app revolves around messaging and team communication, consider hosting a seminar for project managers, or apply for speaking engagements in one of the many events held in shared workspaces. If your website caters to the gaming community, see what creative plans your business can work out with the local video game store, or host a webinar featuring a known gaming personality.
Leverage social platforms and engagement strategies.
Just as it's important to harness the power of community, it's also important to tap into free social media platforms and content strategies when it comes to bootstrapping your startup. Social media and content go hand-in-hand, and require time, dedication and consistency.
While bootstrapping is never easy, there are plenty of bootstrapped startups that have successfully driven impressions because of a strategic social media and content strategy. One example is DIY community Hometalk, which used live and viral branded videos to organically amass more than 900 followers on Pinterest in less than five years.
The platform's blog and podcast have also helped draw brand awareness and visibility, allowing it to scale as a company.
The lesson from this is that social media platforms, particularly those most relevant to your industry, as well as compelling content, are essential for drawing your customers to you. But what, exactly, makes for a good content and social media strategy?
There are several factors here, but the main idea is to keep your posts engaging. The most effective posts combine useful content with a fun and engaging presentation -- which is precisely why marketing through YouTube, Instagram and Pinterest works so well.
In addition to marketing through social media platforms, you should also increase engagement on your own site. One way to do this is to incorporate interactive content into your web pages using platforms like Apester. By embedding relevant polls, quizzes and digital stories into your articles, you engage readers on your site, giving them a sense of participation as they scroll through the content. When you draw readers to your posts, you rally the community around your brand, establishing your brand's credibility in the industry.
All of this is essential to helping a bootstrapped startup grow. When you don't have external funding, drawing public and industry attention online is the best way to put your brand's name out in the open.
Related: 3 Big Reasons to Bootstrap Your Business
Prioritize customer retention.
We are currently living in “The Age of the Customer,” as defined by Forrester Research. This means that customers are gaining more and more importance in driving your business decisions -- and that's why it's especially important for companies to get to know their customers thoroughly.
The best way to get to know your customers, and to grow your startup as a result, is to use data analytics to your advantage. Before you even start to analyze the data, it's paramount to understand that the content people consume is related to their buying habits. What users hear, read and view online can help companies predict each customer's next transaction.
Still, you shouldn't just use big data to focus on winning the next transaction; even more importantly, you should use it to maximize customer retention. After all, gaining a loyal customer base is essential for bootstrapped startups looking to scale their business. “Big data analytics has granted us a better understanding of our customers and this is a valuable tool we should learn to use wisely,” says Ami Gal, co-founder and CEO of SQream. “This means that instead of tapping into big data just to trigger the next purchase, we should make good use of it for increasing customer loyalty.”
Aim for relatable content.
There are other important elements to factor in when it comes to a creating good content for bootstrapped startups, including SEO, hosting services and the topics most worth covering. With all of these elements, the most essential strategy is to focus on your target customers and create content that would naturally interest them. After all, not all types of content work for everyone, and you want to make sure you're selling to the right people.
For example, if your app caters to young teenagers, you might not engage them through white papers, but you will win their loyalty through catchy infographics, relatable images or short blog posts. By directly addressing each customer's needs, you can pique their interest in additional products or services.
As you develop your content strategy, you should also prioritize customer retention. When providing your users with any content format, it's important to show them the long-term value that your content -- and your company -- can bring. When thinking of blog topics that relate to real problems and needs, don't jump straight into discussing the benefits of your company's product. Again, think about your customers' interests and pain points.
Related: Want to Build Better Products? Own Your Customers' Pain.
For example, if you're a business that provides web hosting services to ecommerce companies, don't just write about website optimization. Branch out and talk about the latest trends and technologies in ecommerce, or provide advice on how ecommerce companies can conduct better research or analyze data before proceeding with an initiative. These are the types of posts that would be more compelling to your customers. Not only will these posts help establish your credibility much sooner, they'll also keep your customers interested in your content and enthusiastic about your product.
Being a bootstrapped startup is a blessing in disguise, and establishing an online community driven by good content, thorough knowledge of your customers and a reliable customer engagement strategy, is an important part of independently achieving a strong presence in your industry. Once you have a firm grasp on your goals and the strategies you need to achieve them, you'll develop a user base that will continue to grow each step of the way.
SHOW TRANSCRIPT
[MUSIC] Hi, I'm Kim with InStyle. I'm here with celebrity trainer Derek DeGrazio. He's gonna show us how to get Alessandra Ambrosio's incredible abs. So how did she get those abs? Well, today we're focus on your lower belly. So our lower abs are typically the first place we store fat and the last place it comes off. So it's kind of one of those things where Sucks, but we've gotta spend a little bit more time on it. We can do it. Definitely doable. And, I think this is a move that could take us in a step in the right direction. Amazing. So, what do we do? So, flat on your back. Okay. So, this is just your basic lower ab raise, your leg raise. So, you're gonna have you hands behind your **** in a comfortable position. You probably want a mat or a carpeted area. So legs go straight up in the air, nice and simple, check it out. So you're gonna flex your toes towards your face so we can activate that lower belly. So here's the trick to this, instead of just going down and up I want you to go down slow and think about three seconds down. So go down for three, two, one and then come up for one second So the reason for this is we want to resist the gravity going down. So we're resisting our legs and we're using our lower abs to lift the legs. This has nothing to do with the strength of your legs, it's all about your abs. If you have a little bit of a lower back issue you can bend your knees a little bit or you can put a towel under you back it will help it out. So this is still working. It's still gonna work your lower abs yeah. You ultimately want to try to. So take it nice and straight so we can maximize the production out of those lower abs. And how long are we supposed to be doing this? So this we're gonna do for 60 seconds, so you just keep going. How long does Alessandra do it for? For days, probably, yeah. So we're gonna inhale it one more time. So here's what I want you to do, think about this for 60 seconds. Let's try not to count too much. I don't like to count all the time. Sometimes I'll count reps, but I like to get you out of your head. You don't want to think too much. Just set the timer for 60 seconds and do both for it. So we're going to say 60 seconds is complete. Now here's that 30 second burn. We're going to hold your legs about ten inches off the ground. All we're going to do is take them and go over under so again this is like that little icing on the cake. That hurt. This is the extra burn. This is the part where a lot of us will just Throw her legs down, give up, say hey I'm done. I'm done. But no not Alessandra. Not Alessandra okay I'm still going, I'm still going. You're still going. So think about 60 seconds leg raise leg lower, 30 seconds burn and that's the Alessandra way. I'm ready for the bikini. Let's do it. Put it on. So how is she when she works out? Is she just She's yes Hardcore? Yes. Yes. No thrills about it. She'll take class and work out pretty hard. That explains why she looks so good. right? Thank you so much. Thank you.
John Spanos and A.G. Spanos are making the rounds on radio Friday in a blatant attempt to rehabilitate their image in San Diego with former Chargers fans. A year after kicking “America's Finest City” in the groin, the Chargers are finally reaching out to their former home.
While they're painting this as a move done out of love for San Diego, it isn't. The bottom line is that they've failed to garner any interest in Los Angeles and are looking for some way to gin up more revenue. They don't care about San Diego's fans, they care about San Diego's money.
On Friday, the Spanos boys went on San Diego's 1360 AM with local sellout and former Chargers center Nick Hardwick, and talked about wanting San Diego fans to feel welcome in LA. They discussed needing to do a better job of reaching out to their former city and embracing those fans. To those of us who know the Spanos family and their typical playbook, this is laughable.
Dean Spanos and his kids left San Diego without so much as a proper goodbye. They tweeted a letter in which they addressed the city that had been home to the team for 56 years for a paragraph. Then, like so many snakes, they slithered out of town without giving so much as an interview to a local outlet. Even Hardwick blasted the move before selling out for a paycheck from the team.
During the year after the move there wasn't so much as a billboard in San Diego reaching out to fans. There were no fan events, no commercials, nothing expressing regret about the move. They left and didn't look back. Whether reaching out would have made a difference as far as fan engagement goes is debatable, but the fact that they didn't even try was telling.
One of two things has to be true. They either thought San Diego fans would follow them to Los Angeles no matter what, or that the Chargers would be so great in LA that fans would pour in. Neither happened.
San Diego abandoned the Bolts, and they had to rely on opposing fans to fill their diminutive soccer stadium. Now they need San Diego to re-engage or they will continue to be a huge failure in Los Angeles.
As part of the media strategy, the Spanos family is offering interviews to anyone who will take them, especially San Diego-based writers and outlets. Sounds great, right? You'd think so, but those interviews are coming with conditions. The main one? No talking about the past.
So basically the Spanos family wants writers and outlets in San Diego to act like their public relations wing and not discuss what fans really want to hear about. They don't want to face the music from their awful decision-making and instead pretend like they didn't give the city the finger.
It's a ridiculous strategy that won't work because San Diego fans will always feel betrayed. The Spanos family isn't welcome in my city anymore and shouldn't be welcome on our airwaves.
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Football Association has asked Manchester United and Manchester City to explain what happened in the post-derby fracas on Sunday.
United boss Jose Mourinho was involved in an incredible bust-up when he reacted badly to City's post-match celebrations.
And the FA will look into the matter after referee Michael Oliver informed them he had not seen the incident and did not include it in his report.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/sport . Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @MirrorFootball - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - for breaking football news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/mirrorfootball - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
Germany's Racist Wake-Up Call
Looking at the European trends, the results of the German election should not have come as a shock. But for most Germans who pride themselves in the unique way in which their country has dealt with its past, Sunday marks a break in modern German history. For the first time since the end of World War II, openly racist and right-extreme politicians will be members of our parliament. Almost a hundred of them will be given time, money and a platform to speak about their nationalist vision of Germany.
Germany's post-war history has been shaped by the mantra of nie wieder (never again). Nie wieder Nazis, nie wieder Deutschland. And while these phrases have been drummed into us Germans over and over, while we have written them down and have screamed them at protests, Germany has not actually spent much time contemplating what racism and xenophobia look like in a non-nationalsocialist context. Germans are fast to condemn anything that resembles the nationalsocialist ideology of the Third Reich but have a hard time grasping that everyday racism, both in the form of outright violence and micro aggressions, is the reality for many people in our country.
We need to ask ourselves what kind of society we are, when anger and frustration is automatically channeled into racist sentiments and actions by so many people. We need to ask ourselves, why this is a connection that, in a country with our history, still makes so much sense to people.
What we now need is a discourse about what racism actually means. We need to shift our conversation from one centered around xenophobia and hate against “the other” to a conversation which shows that the hate is being directed against the people among us, people who are part of our country. We don't live in a homogenous post-war society anymore in which families negotiate their own guilt of participating in the Nazi regime. We live in a diverse society of people with many different backgrounds and it is time for the public to finally acknowledge this and broaden its definition of racism and bigotry.
Many politicians have now begun to their intention to close “the right gap” that they think the Alternative for Germany (AfD) has taken advantage of. This is exactly the wrong idea. The traditional parties cannot allow themselves to be pushed to the right. Rather, they must counter the far-right sentiments with an inclusive and social rhetoric without drifting into the language of the right-nationalists. They have to treat the refugee crisis as what it is: A logistical, bureaucratic challenge among many challenges in Germany, a humanitarian crisis outside of Germany.
For Chancellor Merkel and the Christian Democrats this means newly defining and articulating what their party stands for. It means to take the risk of forming a coalition with the Liberals and the Greens, two parties hugely supported by young voters, and letting these parties give new impulses for problem solutions.
For the Social Democrats and the Left Party in the opposition, this election period offers a unique opportunity. It is on them to develop strategies of a real socialism that addresses the fears and insecurities of some Germans and to open the conversation around the Germans' problem with their identity as a nation. It will be on them to offer real social perspectives without making immigrants and refugees into scapegoats.
Meanwhile, German citizens that consider themselves to be progressive and anti-racist should consider this election as the final wake-up call, as their call to action. This means beginning to self-reflect their maybe rusty understanding of racism. It means to also look critically into the more recent past. But, most important of all, it means being willing to have difficult conversations with families, colleagues, neighbors and fellow Germans about what an inclusive, anti-racist and just future for Germany looks like.
Linh Mueller is an exchange student from Hanover, Germany.
The Russia Investigations: 5 Takeaways About The Inescapable Nunes Memo
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Walsh/AP Susan Walsh/AP
This week in the Russia investigations: The much-talked-about memo finally made its public debut.
After a week of hyperpartisan madness that critics warn could shatter key D.C. institutions forever, the inescapable, once-secret spying memo wound up falling like a drop of rain into the Pacific Ocean.
There was no Friday Night Massacre in which the leaders of the FBI and Justice Department were pushed out the window or jumped on their own. The memo didn't even break much news — comments by members of Congress and reports in the press ended up setting the stage for it nicely.
But, that doesn't mean it didn't have some points of interest, including these five takeaways.
1. The Steele dossier did not launch the DOJ Russia investigation. George Papadopoulos did.
NPR and other news organizations have not detailed the infamous, unverified dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele because its allegations about President Trump and Russia are unproven. That's why allies of Trump in Congress have sought to make the case that it's the germ of the whole Russia matter.
GOP Releases Memo Alleging FBI Surveillance Abuses GOP Releases Memo Alleging FBI Surveillance Abuses Listen · 19:25 19:25
By drawing attention to its salaciousness and the prospect that it could be the product of Russian intelligence disinformation, they have sought to argue: If it's the sum total of the case for alleged collusion with the Russians or an alleged conspiracy between the Trump 2016 campaign and agents of the Kremlin, there is no case here.
But, it's not the sum total of the alleged conspiracy/collusion case.
And in fact, the memo prepared by Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, says that what "triggered" the FBI's investigation was evidence about onetime Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos. He has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russians.
According to court documents, Papadopoulos was offered dirt on Hillary Clinton and high-level meetings with Russians early in the campaign. When that story — after a drunken night out at the pub — got back to Washington, D.C., the FBI opened its investigation. So it was already underway by the time the Steele dossier materialized.
2. Two consecutive administrations believed Carter Page worthy of foreign-intelligence monitoring
Carter Page, like George Papadopoulos, was a junior foreign policy adviser to the Trump 2016 campaign. He visited Russia at least twice in 2016 and acknowledged in an earlier interview with the House Intelligence Committee that he'd met with government officials and others there. The core of the memo is that the FBI and the Justice Department used unverified material in the Steele dossier to ask the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to authorize surveillance of Page.
Republicans say that's the real problem here — in their telling, biased investigators didn't tell the court the dossier material was unproven political opposition research that had been funded by Democrats. But the memo doesn't say whether there might have been other evidence beyond the dossier — foreign intelligence intercepts or reporting from human sources — that also supported the warrant request. (And Friday night the Washington Post reported that the FISA court "was aware that some of the information underpinning the warrant request was paid for by a political entity, although the application did not specifically name the Democratic National Committee or the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign," according to two U.S. officials.)
The Nunes memo also doesn't say that the FISA court requires that a warrant produce intelligence in order to reauthorize it. So, however the FBI got its initial warrant for Page, the Nunes memo suggests that once surveillance of Page started, it continued producing foreign intelligence.
Officials from FBI Director James Comey in 2016 to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein — who was appointed by Trump and serves today in the Trump administration — have signed successive applications for warrants, the memo says.
3. Christopher Steele is a never-Trumper
The former British intelligence officer and dossier author Christopher Steele has remained a silent cipher in the middle of the Russia imbroglio. He hasn't been heard from publicly since his document exploded onto the scene.
The Nunes memo released on Friday, however, makes clear that Steele was not a politically neutral actor.
Steele was commissioned by a Washington private intelligence company, Fusion GPS. It was hired first by conservative underwriters, then Democrats, to conduct opposition research about Trump in 2016. All the same, Fusion GPS' founder, Glenn Simpson, has told Congress that he did not instruct Steele to go dig up dirt on Trump.
Rather, in his account, Simpson gave Steele an open-ended assignment to find out what he could from sources in Russia he'd cultivated over his career. Steele, according to Simpson, was shocked by what he learned and volunteered on his own to report it all to the FBI.
Friday's memo complicates that picture. According to the Nunes memo, Steele told a contact at the Justice Department that he was "desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president."
That, for Republicans, is more evidence that anti-Trump bias is at the bottom of the DOJ's Russia investigation. And the memo charges that although the FBI "recorded" Steele's feelings, it was "not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications."
Unlike the Nunes memo, however, those underlying documents, remain secret.
Enlarge this image toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP J. Scott Applewhite/AP
4. Some chains of events still aren't clear
Simpson told Congress that one reason Steele broke with the FBI, which the Nunes memo also describes, was he felt the bureau wasn't taking him seriously enough. And Steele was mystified, in Simpson's telling, by a story in The New York Times in which FBI officials said they had no clear link between the Trump campaign and Russia.
But that story appeared on Oct. 31, 2016 — 10 days after the FBI and DOJ applied for their warrant on Page, according to the memo declassified and released Friday. The evidence now shows the FBI certainly thought there was a connection, and it has since become clear the bureau had been running a counterintelligence investigation since July 2016.
Was the Times' story a sin of omission by the FBI or one of commission? Did the people who talked with Times reporters Eric Lightblau and Steven Lee Myers not know about the investigative work that was then underway — or did they mislead the reporters because they wanted to protect their work and not spook potential targets of the investigation in Trump world?
Further confusing the matter is a Washington Post story from April of 2017. It describes a FISA warrant targeting Page "last summer," based in part on his trip to Moscow and what it calls prior contacts with Russian intelligence operatives.
Does that mean the Oct. 21, 2016, warrant application referenced in the declassified memo was actually a reauthorization of an earlier one? There is no independent accounting of events at this time to clear up these questions.
5. Republicans want to redefine the Russia imbroglio
For the House Intelligence Committee's GOP majority, it's not a story about Americans potentially conspiring with a foreign attack on the democratic process. Instead, it's a story about abuse of power, and a hapless martyr in Carter Page.
The memo saga sucked up all the oxygen in Washington, D.C., this week, but it remains to be seen whether it proves a tactical victory or a strategic one. Republicans' memo targeted the weakest aspect of the collusion storyline within the Russia imbroglio — a dossier virtually no one defends — and singled out what they called politically biased FBI and Justice Department officials.
The collusion case has always been broader than the dossier. Several people in the Trump campaign had contacts with Russians, including Papadopoulos, Page, onetime Trump national security adviser Mike Flynn, now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Donald Trump Jr., then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner and others. Trump Jr., Kushner and Manafort hosted a delegation of Russians at Trump Tower in June 2016 following what was described to Trump Jr. as the Russian government's desire to support Trump's campaign by providing information about Hillary Clinton.
Politics Rep. Adam Schiff Weighs In On How Memo Could Affect House Intelligence Investigation Rep. Adam Schiff Weighs In On How Memo Could Affect House Intelligence Investigation Listen · 4:56 4:56
Trump's allies have pushed in all their chips on a strategy of tearing down federal law enforcement, within guardrails established by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., to preserve the agencies' current leaders in their jobs. Trump has already fired one FBI director, James Comey, and reportedly wanted to fire the Justice Department's special counsel, Robert Mueller.
So although whatever Mueller's office yields will have been prefigured by months of attacks, including the Nunes memo, nothing in the document directly implicates Mueller or his current team. The question now is how much credibility Mueller, the FBI and DOJ will retain by the next time they act in their investigation.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
X Factor star Rebecca Ferguson claims she's been invited to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration ceremony in Washington - and agreed with one big condition.
The Liverpool singer said she would - if she could sing the civil rights anthem Strange Fruit made famous by the jazz singer Billie Holiday.
Rebecca, 30, made the claims in a tweet today, telling fans: “I've been asked and this is my answer.
"If you allow me to sing “strange fruit” a song that has huge historical importance, a song that was blacklisted in the United States for being too controversial.
"A song that speaks to all the disregarded and down trodden black people in the United States.
"A song that is a reminder of how love is the only thing that will conquer all the hatred in this world, then I will graciously accept your invitation and see you in Washington.
"Best Rebecca X.”
(Photo: Mirrorpix)
Strange Fruit was first recorded in 1939 and takes its title from the lynchings of black people in the American Deep South.
It has since become a much-covered song in the struggle against racism.
As yet it is not known what response Rebecca has received from the organisers of the inauguration ceremony which takes place on January 20.
The only performers confirmed to appear so far are the Radio City Rockettes, Mormon Tabernacle Choir, and singer Jackie Evancho, of America's Got Talent, who will sing the national anthem.
(Photo: ITV)
Mum-of-three Rebecca launched her fourth album, which went Top 10, at a star studded event held at the Malmaison hotel in her native Liverpool back in October.
Rebecca Ferguson's management were approached by the Liverpool Echo for comment .
Black And Latino Children Are Often Overlooked When It Comes To Autism
Enlarge this image Shannon Wright for NPR Shannon Wright for NPR
Sherry Alvarez says she knew there was something different about her son since he was about 9 months old. Back then Sherry says his pediatrician told her there was nothing to worry about, " 'Boys are a little slower than girls, so let's just wait until his second birthday.' " We aren't using Sherry's son's name to protect his privacy.
By her son's second birthday, Sherry says she was getting desperate. She didn't know why he wasn't talking yet or showing affection like other kids. At 2 1/2, he was referred to Children's Hospital Los Angeles.
There, after four hours of tests, Sherry says the doctor handed her a 20-page report explaining his autism spectrum disorder diagnosis, among others. She says she was paralyzed by emotion.
ASD is a disease that affects people of all races and ethnicities, but research shows that African-American and Latino children with autism are diagnosed at older ages than white children, giving them less of an opportunity for proper intervention and treatment.
This is especially true of minimally verbal kids like Sherry's son and there are many possible reasons for a late diagnosis. Some families face healthcare access issues and prohibitive costs for treatment, and some families just don't know how important it is to get diagnosed to move on to the treatment phase. The dialog between doctors and minority families during the diagnosis process is critical.
A recent study from Georgia State University found that African-American parents reported fewer concerns about behaviors like delayed speech and repetitive behaviors, even though their children showed a greater severity with these symptoms, overall. But, of course, it isn't all up to parents.
"There are very likely parent aspects of this and very likely clinician aspects of this," says Meghan Rose Donohue, a lead researcher on the study. Perhaps families, like Sherry's, don't have the information necessary to really push physicians, but it is also possible that doctors don't take these cases seriously enough from the beginning.
Families and doctors, alike, can mistake ASD for simple bad behavior, especially in boys, as research has shown over the past couple of decades. A 2001 study at McGill University in Montreal found that doctors were more hesitant to diagnose ASD in minority families.
In 2007, a study by a team at the Center for Autism and Developmental Disabilities Research and Epidemiology, University of Pennsylvania, found that African-American children were 5.1 times more likely to be misdiagnosed with conduct disorders before being diagnosed with ASD.
When Sherry was growing up, she had a cousin who the family thought of as "different," she says. "He was basically hidden. We didn't talk about it as a community." He had autism. "We have to retrain ourselves. It's not OK to hide our kids."
Regional Centers in Los Angeles, which offer services to the developmentally disabled, are now starting to look at the diagnosis disparity problem. Westside Regional Center in Culver City just received a grant from the state to look at how autism diagnosis disparities manifest within their intake and treatment programs.
"We've implemented a series of trainings with intake counselors on cultural awareness and sensitivity, and we're starting to have a lot of conversations about biases," says Tom Kelly, Westside's chief psychologist.
One of the apparent biases among intake counselors at the center stems from the difference in the documentation that arrives with each new child. African-American families tend to arrive at the center with lots of documentation detailing behavior issues from their child's school or social services. With all those official papers sitting in front of them, it's much easier for a counselor to think "behavior disease" rather than "autism," says Kelly.
And that disparity exists in dollars spent, as well. As reported in a 2017 survey, South Central Regional Center spends $8,000 less per client than the Westside location and the racial disparity persists statewide.
But there are more resources for minority families today than compared to when Sherry's son was young. The Autism Society of Los Angeles runs a hotline to help parents navigate the diagnosis and healthcare landscape and Children's Hospital Los Angeles now employs liaisons to help families connect with the right resources. But, the spending gap persists.
Today, Sherry says her now 15-year-old son is happy. He attends Hamilton High School and communicates almost solely through a typing device. "This is the time in his life where those early treatments could have made a difference," she laments.
CLOSE A man was shot Saturday afternoon in Middletown. Police say they're looking for four people in connection to the violence. 11/20/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto
Buy Photo Crime scene tape was left behind on a truck near the Saturday shooting in Dover. (Photo: Jerry Smith/The News Journal)Buy Photo
State police have identified the 16-year-old boy who was fatally shot by a trooper early Saturday.
Juliun Pitcher, of Smyrna, was the front seat passenger in a vehicle that was stopped for a traffic violation on Fieldstone Court, just east of Kenton Road in Dover, said Master Cpl. Michael Austin, a state police spokesman.
As the trooper approached the vehicle about 3:10 a.m. Saturday, investigators said Pitcher displayed a handgun and an exchange of gunfire ensued.
Pitcher was shot during the exchange and succumbed to his injuries.
The 18-year-old driver of the vehicle sustained a gunshot wound to his leg, for which he was treated at a local hospital and released, Austin said. A 17-year-old rear-seat passenger in the vehicle, was uninjured as a result of the incident.
While the incident occurred inside the city of Dover, state police are investigating the matter.
Dover Mayor Robin Christiansen said the Dover Police Department is assisting in any way it can, but since the shooting was a result of a chase that occurred outside the city, it "falls on the shoulders of Col. [Nathaniel] McQueen and the DSP."
He said a shooting like this is felt up and down the state.
"Gun violence in Dover or anywhere in our state is a drag on the state's economy," he said. "And it unnerves everybody here and statewide."
More: Trooper-involved shooting kills 16-year-old in Dover
More: Wilmington suspects get younger, but their guns are more powerful
There have been at least 27 people shot in Dover – five of them fatally.
A young woman, who only identified herself as the shooting victim's cousin, was at the scene late Monday morning. As she looked around, she shook her head, put her face in her hands and started crying.
"They are saying my little cousin shot at the police officer, but I know he wouldn't do that, even if he had a gun," she said. "That wasn't who he was.”
The 35-year-old trooper involved in this incident has been employed by the state police for two years and is assigned to Troop 3 patrol near Camden.
The trooper, whose name was not released, has been placed on administrative leave as per divisional policy, pending the outcome of the investigation, Austin said.
"The trooper involved in this incident was not injured," he added.
Detectives did recover a handgun from the scene.
The investigation is ongoing, with further details being released as they become available.
Buy Photo A car owned by Smanatha Herrmann was so close to Saturday's shooting scene, a shell casing ended up on her hood. It was removed by the Delaware State Police after the initial investigation. (Photo: Jerry Smith/The News Journal)
Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to contact the Delaware State Police Homicide Unit at (302) 365-8441. Information may also be provided by calling Delaware Crime Stoppers at (800) TIP-3333 or via the internet at http://www.delaware.crimestoppersweb.com
Reach Jerry Smith at jsmith17@delawareonline. Follow him on Twitter at @JerrySmithTNJ. Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2017/12/11/16-year-old-boy-killed-trooper-involved-shooting-identified/940541001/
Well, this is one Heck of a good omen for The Middle fans: Just a week after the sitcom ended its nine-season run, ABC is eyeing a spinoff centered on Eden Sher's Sue, according to our sister site Variety.
Sher would star in the spinoff — which is currently nearing a pilot order — reprising her role as socially awkward daughter Sue Heck. Last week's series finale of The Middle left off with Sue as a junior in college, but a flash-forward revealed that she eventually married neighbor Sean (after a number of breakups and makeups).
ABC, of course, is currently scrambling to find a replacement for the cancelled Roseanne revival, which got the axe on Tuesday after star Roseanne Barr posted a racist “joke” on Twitter. Roseanne was slated to air Tuesdays at 8/7c this fall on ABC; it's unclear if the Sue-based Middle spinoff could be filmed in time to fill that slot, or would have to wait until midseason.
The spinoff, if picked up, would be the second on ABC's primetime slate for next season, joining Schooled, the '90s-set Goldbergs spinoff that landed a series order last month.
FACT CHECK: Read The GOP Memo Released By House Intelligence Committee
A memo alleging the FBI abused its surveillance authority became public on Friday after a push by House Republicans. President Trump authorized the memo's release, even after the FBI expressed "grave concerns" about the "accuracy" of the document, authored by House intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif.
NPR journalists who cover the Justice Department, the White House and national security have annotated the White House's authorization letter and the memo itself.
The Cure will celebrate their 40th anniversary with a headline performance in London's Hyde Park next July.
The English gothic rockers are the latest act to be announced for the British Summer Time festival, in what will be their only European concert of 2018.
Formed in 1976, the Robert Smith-led group released their first single in 1978.
Four decades on, they will celebrate their impressive back catalogue on July 7 when they will be joined by special guests Interpol, Goldfrapp and indie rockers Editors.
BST has previously hosted performances from The Rolling Stones, Eric Clapton, Michael Buble and Bruno Mars.
A motorcyclist who was killed in a crash on the A19 Easingwold Bypass has been named by police.
North Yorkshire Police said the motorcyclist was Alex Boorman, 27, from Thirsk.
The crash happened shortly after 7.30pm on Thursday and involved a black Suzuki Motorcycle and a blue Vauxhall Viva.
Three other people were injured, including the 22-year-old driver of the Vauxhall.
A spokesman said: "Police investigations into the incident are continuing and a file has been prepared for the coroner.
"The 22-year-old man arrested in connection with this collision has been released under investigation while enquiries continue."
"I am the 4th generation to serve our country in the family," said Spc. Andrew Ayala, an intelligence analyst with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), a Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa.," Continuing the families service is one of the main reasons I'm here."(U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 10.25.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:16 Photo ID: 3082944 VIRIN: 161025-A-PF724-001 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 7.15 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 23 5 .821 — 7-3 W-1 12-2 11-3 15-4 Cleveland 19 8 .704 3½ 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Toronto 17 7 .708 4 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6½ 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 16 11 .593 6½ 7-3 W-4 10-4 6-7 11-6 Washington 14 12 .538 8 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Detroit 14 12 .538 8 3-7 L-6 8-4 6-8 7-9 Philadelphia 13 13 .500 9 4-6 L-4 7-6 6-7 6-6 Miami 12 13 .480 9½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 New York 12 13 .480 9½ 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 12 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 15½ 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Chicago 5 20 .200 16½ 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 Minnesota 16 11 .593 5½ 6-4 W-2 9-4 7-7 13-5 Denver 14 12 .538 7 5-5 L-1 10-2 4-10 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 7½ 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 New Orleans 14 13 .519 7½ 5-5 W-1 7-7 7-6 9-10 Utah 13 14 .481 8½ 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 13 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½ 4-6 L-3 5-10 2-10 5-13
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
New Orleans 131, Philadelphia 124
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Staff at a bar and restaurant in Burton Green have scooped a national award.
The team at Hickory's Smokehouse and bar, which is in Cromwell Lane, are celebrating after beating more than 1,000 pubs and bars around the UK to win a national award.
Bar and restaurant staff were selected as the winner for the Best Trained Staff category.
The awards, which are run by Heineken-owned Star Pubs & Bars, were presented at a ceremony at the Imperial War Museum in Manchester on Thursday, November 15.
The winner for the Best Trained Staff category in the awards was selected by an expert in hospitality training.
Hickory's Smokehouse took over the former pub in 2015 and transformed it into a bar and smokehouse with a major refurbishment.
The judges noted how Hickory's staff had helped to quickly establish the bar as the village's local and the restaurant as a destination smokehouse.
They were also impressed by the training staff receive, which includes trips abroad to enable staff to bring back and replicate an authentic American smokehouse experience in Burton Green.
Judges also noted how, in addition to 25 of the Burton Green team travelling to America and Europe in 2017, they had received a range of training from NVQs and Modern Apprenticeships in mentoring and management development.
Katie Austwick, manager in training at Hickory's Smokehouse, said: “We are all absolutely thrilled with this award.
“I can say from first-hand experience that the training we receive is second to none and we are lucky enough to be able to continue to develop our skills as we progress.
“The team works really hard to put all the magnificent training into practice so it's a fabulous accolade to them and their service too.”
Lawson Mountstevens, managing director at Star Pubs & Bars said: “The investment in training shines through at Hickory's Smokehouse. Staff go out of their way to make sure customers have a great time and nothing is too much trouble.
“They don't just provide the warmest of welcomes, they deliver a real taste of the Deep South to Burton Green too, whether it's smoking the meat, making BBQ sauces or shaking cocktails.”
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday, nearly two weeks after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach, have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand's Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared after they went exploring after a soccer game on June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday.
But risky conditions including volatile water levels, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous, especially for people with no experience of scuba gear.
Thai media reported that the boys have been practicing using dive masks and other equipment but have not yet tried them out in water.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday. "Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," he said.
He added that if the high water levels fell, the team would be taken out quickly.
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them, as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls.
The boys and their coach were trapped in the cave by a sudden influx of water.
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn, the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation, said Wednesday that "all 13 may not come out at the same time. If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100%, he can come out."
But Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys, such as locating alternative routes into the cave's network of narrow passageways.
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede. However, that approach could take months, as Thailand's monsoon season usually lasts through October. It's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change. The boys were located taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave's main entrance, and about half a mile below the surface.
Still, the boys and their coach reported that they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page.
The SEALs, including medics, are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks.
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave. While the boys are visibly thin, they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera. In the video, as a light is shone on each boy's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as "wai." A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams. One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow.
At one point in the video, the boys laugh in response to an apparent joke made by a member of the rescue team. Experts have said that looking after the boys' mental health will be key to ensuring they are able to safely take part in any rescue plan.
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children. "It's like he has been given a new life," Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside the cave, told the Associated Press. She said she'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
The longest time anyone has survived while trapped underground is 69 days, according to Guinness World Records. In that incident, all 33 Chilean miners — known as the "33 of San Jose" — made it safely back to the surface via a rescue capsule after they were trapped 2,257 ft below the surface after the collapse of a mine near Copiapo, Chile, in August 2010. The gold-copper mine collapsed after an earthquake.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
The timeless quality of black and white photography makes it a must-try subject for any photographer to try.
In our expert guide, we'll show you how to see in mono, choose your subjects, set up your camera and then explore how simple but effective adjustments in Photoshop or Lightroom can make your images really stand out.
While it's now simpler than ever to convert your images to black and white, especially now with the host of smartphone apps like Instagram that offer an array of filters, for truly impressive results it pays to think about how and what you shoot, and then know how to use your photo editing software's powerful tools to get the most from your shots.
Along with our best black and white photography tips, we'll reveal how to get creative with high-contrast graphic compositions and create moody landscapes, and show you how dramatic high- and low-key effects can be used to transform your still life photography and portrait photography.
How to see in black and white
When it comes to black-and-white imagery, being able to 'see' how your final shot will look is a key skill. It's important to understand how the color image you see through your camera's viewfinder or on the rear screen will translate into a striking monochrome image. To get the best results, you have to look beyond the colours, and instead try to visualise how a shot's shapes, textures and tones will be recorded.
The success of your black-and-white shots relies on several different factors, but the main thing to look out for is a main subject that will appear in a significantly different shade of grey to the background. Then look out for subtleties of tone and texture that will add depth to your images.
Look beyond colors, and try to visualise how shapes, textures and tones will be recorded
It's tempting to think that white balance doesn't matter if you're going to remove the color, but because the success of any conversion relies on successfully translating colors into attractive tones, it's important to capture an image without any colour casts.
Recognising potential shots when out in the field can take practice, so why not try converting some of your existing images to black and white to get a better feel for what will work.
Good subjects for black and white photography
When you use photo-editing software to remove the color from an image you instantly lose one element that the viewer relies on to interpret the scene. So other elements become even more important for successful black and white images.
Here's a run-down of the most common elements that you should look for when identifying a suitable subject for the black-and-white treatment. Remember that these elements can be used individually, or even combined to produce marvellous mono images with clout.
Image 1 of 4 1. Contrast, shape & form One of the fundamental aspects of black and white photography is that your whole composition relies on contrast (for on composing images, see our 10 rules of photo composition - and why they work ). For this reason, look out for subjects that feature simple, strong lines and shapes. It's often the shadows that define shape and form, so pay attention to areas of darkness, as well as light. Image 2 of 4 2. Tone Black and white photos actually include a whole range of greys, which add subtlety to your images. Normally, you look for subjects that will translate into a range of tones from black to white, but you can also get great results where the subject is mostly light (high-key) or dark (low-key). Image 3 of 4 3. Texture and detail Fine detail, or strong textures such as weather-beaten stone, foliage or clouds, can help to give your black-and-white shots depth and interest. Strong side lighting is perfect for bringing out the texture in any subject. You can use strong natural light, or get creative with flash to create side-lighting on the subject. Image 4 of 4 4. Graphic composition Black and white images need strong compositions to really work. Keep an eye out for strong lines or features in your scene that can be used as leading lines, or positioned diagonally across the frame to create dynamic images.
Bad subjects for black and white photography
There's no absolute right or wrong when it comes to choosing a subject for black and white photography, but you'll come across subjects and scenes that rely on colour for their impact, and also lighting conditions that don't work well in monochrome.
Here are some examples of what to avoid when looking for suitable subjects for black and white photography.
1. Blank skies
It's easy to think that because you don't need bright colors you can shoot black and white photography in any light or in any weather.
It's certainly true that with some skilful conversion and adjustment in Photoshop post-shoot you can add drama , but the sturdier the building blocks the better your finished image will be.
So, unless you're trying to create a minimalist image it's worth taking the time to capture maximum detail in the best lighting conditions possible.
2. Safeguarding mood
If the scene you're shooting relies on color for mood or impact, chances are you'll be better off keeping the image in color, as in our mushroom image above. Sunrise or sunset shots are another good example; you should always ask yourself whether the image loses some impact without the subtle hues.
3. Color contrasts
Subjects that rely on contrasting colors - such as a purple crocus against a green lawn - generally don't work well in black and white. This is because the two colors will end up looking similar in tone when converted.
Asian stocks rebounded in morning trade. Markets outside Japan opened higher. Overnight US stocks also closed higher. Photo: Reuters
Asian stocks rebound in morning trade
Asian stocks rebounded in morning trade. Markets outside Japan opened higher. Overnight US stocks also closed higher. S&P 500 was up 1.27% at 2,724.
India's growth likely topped 7% in March quarter
The government will release the gross domestic product (GDP) data for March quarter today. A Reuters poll pegs the growth in the range of 6.9% to 7.7%. The median in Reuters poll stood at 7.3%.
ICICI Bank to probe charges against CEO
ICICI Bank Ltd said it will institute a fresh enquiry into an alleged nexus between the husband of chief executive Chanda Kochhar and Videocon Group chairman Venugopal Dhoot over a loan extended by the bank to the conglomerate.
RCom settles Ericsson dues, asset sale gets nod
The National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) stayed the insolvency resolution process initiated against Reliance Communications Ltd (RCom). The order came after Ericsson India Pvt. Ltd accepted RCom's offer to pay Rs550 crore by 30 September.
Meanwhile, Brookfield will buy Reliance Communications' real estate assets in New Delhi and Chennai for around Rs800 crore, reports The Economic Times.
McLeod Russel looking to sell assets to cut debt
McLeod Russel India Ltd announced that it had formed a committee to explore the sale of multiple tea estates to cut down its debt, reports Mint. The company is looking to raise Rs400-500 crore from the sale of estates, the report adds.
IOB widens on higher provisions for bad loans
Losses at Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) widened to Rs3,606.73 crore in the March quarter on higher provisioning for mounting bad loans, reports PTI.
Sebi seeks Jet Airways' response to complaint
Markets regulator Sebi has sought information from Jet Airways following a complaint of alleged fraudulent practices, reports PTI. According to the report, the regulator sought views of the statutory auditors and the audit committee on certain allegations.
Seafood exporters hit by higher cost, low realization
The plunge in the average exports realisations for shrimps is hitting the bottom-line of the stakeholders across the supply chain associated with the Indian seafood export market, reports Business Standard.
MSCI may put India on notice for limiting access
Lastly, MSCI Inc. on Wednesday said it is considering placing some emerging markets including India on notice for limiting investor access, reports Mint.
What We Know So Far In NYC Subway Blast Authorities are investigating what led a suspect to take an explosive device into an underground passageway Monday. NPR's Steve Inskeep talks to Kate Hinds, a reporter with member station WNYC.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive order that seeks to make changes to a visa program that brings in high-skilled workers.
Trump is heading Tuesday to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where he plans to sign an order dubbed “Buy American, Hire American,” said administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity despite the president's frequent criticism of the use of anonymous sources.
The officials said the order, which Trump will sign at the headquarters of tool manufacturer Snap-on Inc., would direct the departments of Homeland Security, Justice, Labor and State to propose new rules to prevent immigration fraud and abuse. Those departments would also be asked to offer changes so that H-1B visas are awarded to the “most-skilled or highest-paid applicants.”
The White House said the program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages.
Administration officials said the order also seeks to strengthen requirements that American-made products be used in certain federal construction projects, as well as in various federal transportation grant-funded projects. The officials said the commerce secretary will review how to close loopholes in enforcing the existing rules and provide recommendations to the president.
The order specifically asks the secretary to review waivers of these rules that exist in free-trade agreements. The administration said that if the waivers are not benefiting the United States they will be “renegotiated or revoked.”
During his campaign, Trump said at some point that he supported high-skilled visas, then came out against them. At one debate, he called for fully ending the program, saying: “It's very bad for our workers and it's unfair for our workers. And we should end it.”
The officials said the changes could be administrative or legislative and could include higher fees for the visas, changing the wage scale for the program or other initiatives.
About 85,000 H-1B visas are distributed annually by lottery. Many go to technology companies, which argue that the United States has a shortage of skilled technology workers.
But critics say the program has been hijacked by staffing companies that use the visas to import foreigners — often from India — who will work for less than Americans. The staffing companies then sell their services to corporate clients who use them to outsource tech work.
Employers from Walt Disney World to the University of California in San Francisco have laid off their tech employees and replaced them with H-1B visa holders. Adding to the indignity: The U.S. workers are sometimes asked to train their replacements to qualify for severance packages.
On the planned order by Trump, Ronil Hira, a professor in public policy at Howard University and a critic of the H-1B program, said, “It's better than nothing.” But he added, “It's not as aggressive as it needs to be.”
The tech industry has argued that the H-1B program is needed because it encourages students to stay in the U.S. after getting degrees in high-tech specialties — and they can't always find enough American workers with the skills they need.
Congress is considering several bills to overhaul the visa program. One, introduced by Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin and Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, would require companies seeking H-1B visas to first make a good-faith effort to hire Americans, a requirement many companies can dodge under the current system; give the Labor Department more power to investigate and sanction H-1B abuses; and give “the best and brightest” foreign students studying in the U.S. priority in getting H-1B visas.
Trump's stop at the world headquarters of Snap-on Inc. would come as the president faces an approval rating of just 41 percent in Wisconsin, a state he barely won in November. The visit also would take him to the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan, who won't be joining the president because he's on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries.
Trump has traveled to promote his agenda less than his recent predecessors. White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump wanted to visit “a company that builds American-made tools with American workers.”
Trump carried Wisconsin in November by nearly 23,000 votes — less than 1 percentage point — making him the first Republican to win the state since 1984. He campaigned on the promise of returning manufacturing jobs that have been lost in Upper Midwest states.
Founded in Wisconsin in 1920, Snap-on makes hand and power tools, diagnostics software, information and management systems, and shop equipment for use in a variety of industries, including agriculture, the military and aviation. Its headquarters are in Kenosha and it has eight manufacturing sites in North America, including one in Milwaukee. The company employs about 11,000 people worldwide.
___
Associated Press writer Paul Wiseman contributed to this report.
Buttery-smooth 4K video comes as standard with the Hero5 Black, while a touchscreen interface and voice activation makes it the most user-friendly GoPro to date. However, it doesn't feel as robust without its plastic casing, and that touchscreen can be awkward to use.
GoPro has long been synonymous with extreme sports enthusiasts who insist on leaping off buildings with a camera attached to their head, rather than doing something more sedate of a weekend.
[Update: The GoPro Hero5 Black has recently been replaced by the Hero6 Black. The design remains the same, but the newer model offers 4K at 60fps, as well as improved image stabilization and numerous other tweaks. Don't discount the Hero5 Black though - it's still a cracking action camera that's seen a hefty price drop in recent months. If you can live without some of the new features that the Hero6 Black brings, then the Hero5 Black is still a great buy.]
The footage captured by these sturdy little action cams (or POV cameras) has historically been among the best, if not the best, on the market, and as such has been used by everyone from skilled filmmakers to amateurs looking to add a professional sheen to their YouTube channel.
Features
4K video capture at 30fps
2.0-inch touchscreen
12MP still images
Unfortunately, previous generations of GoPros have erred on the unapproachable side, lacking a rear screen to set up and review footage, bamboozling users with a variety of complicated camera settings, and making it a pain to retrieve footage and images when in a rush or on the move.
As a result, a plethora of rivals have popped up, boasting a number of user-friendly features in an attempt to steal sales.
TomTom's Bandit, Garmin's Virb range and the seriously affordable Olfi camera all offer 4K video recording, but with a much friendlier UI designed to appeal to those starting out in the action cam game.
Like all good tech companies, GoPro has listened to customer grumbles, and has thoroughly updated its latest line of cameras to ensure they still pack the same heavyweight features but are generally easier to live with.
That range now consists of the Hero Session, Hero5 Session and the daddy of the lot: the Hero5 Black.
New additions to this high-performance monster include a rear touchscreen display, voice activation and super-easy one-button control, while the overall experience has been abridged to make capturing the action as painless as possible.
At £349.99 / $399 / AU$569, the Hero5 Black is priced in line with the Hero4 Black that it replaces, despite the new gizmos, while video resolution is boosted to 4K at 30fps, still images jump to 12MP and ultra-smooth super slo-mo opportunities are now possible with a 1080p resolution at 120fps.
Stills can be taken in single, burst and timelapse modes, and saved as raw files for post-production tinkering. In addition, a new WDR (Wide Dynamic Range) mode, which is GoPro's version of High Dynamic Range (HDR), makes shooting perfectly exposed still images much easier.
Design and accessories
Simplified design
Waterproof up to 33ft (10m) - without waterproof housing
Bigger battery, small wrap-around frame and USB Type-C port
Aesthetically, the Hero5 Black – which sits above the cuboidal Hero5 Session – packs a neat matte black exterior and remains about the size of a matchbox.
The two-inch touchscreen on the back is bright and easy to see, while a smaller screen at the front gives readouts on the shooting mode, SD card space and remaining battery.
There's also a large red button on the top of the camera, which GoPro refers to as its One-Button Control. Simply press this rubbery square and the camera powers on and immediately starts recording.
The eagle-eyed among you will notice that the Hero5 Black no longer wears the protective casing of its forefather – that's because this camera is waterproof up to 33ft (10m) straight out of the box, although the absence of a case does leave it feeling a little exposed (more on this later).
The small lens cover on the front of the camera is now removable, as GoPro offers a range of filters that are said to boost footage captured when diving or snorkelling. You simply twist to remove the cover and snap on a filter; it's also handy if the cover gets damaged.
Other notable GoPro accessories compatible with this new camera include a Remo waterproof voice-activated shutter remote button, as well as a Quik Key USB-C (yup, GoPro has finally moved to the new USB-C ports) mobile microSD card reader for downloading and transporting files when a phone or laptop isn't available.
In addition to updating its action cams, GoPro has made its first foray into the drone market with Karma, a super-simple aerial filming solution that folds up and fits neatly into a backpack.
The drone comes with a fantastic gimbal, which doubles up as a removable stabilisation grip, and this is now available to purchase separately, as the Karma Grip, for $299.99/£249.99.
It sounds pricey, but the footage captured by this neat little device it's simply stunning. It's tantamount to employ a full Hollywood steady-cam for your amateur productions.
Finally, GoPro has introduced a new, sturdier and longer-life battery (meaning old ones won't be compatible) and thrown in dual microphones (front and rear) for improved audio capture – particularly good for reducing wind noise when shooting cars, bikes and other fast-moving subjects.
It's like getting a hug from Baby Jesus when Trump does something unconstitutional and he gets a smack down from the law. This happened today with 45's “ban” on transgender individuals serving in the military.
In case you blocked it out of your mind, back in July Trump decided via Twitter that transgender people could not serve in the military. Why? Because their “surgeries” are too expensive. This logic was deeply foolish considering not all trans people get surgery and the money that goes to the small amount of trans people who decide on surgery is minimal — especially when the “military already spends 10 times more on erectile dysfunction prescriptions.” In addition, Trump's $20 million trips to Mar-A-Largo costs more than all trans people in the military combined.
Transgender troops' med. care: $2.4-$8.4 million/year. Trump trips to Mar-a-Lago: $20 million in first 80 days https://t.co/L5ildomwkc pic.twitter.com/0f8bBveRc0 — DemUnderground (@demunderground) July 27, 2017
There are thousands of trans people who proudly serve and protect their country. Kicking trans people out, or anyone who volunteers their service, will only make our country less safe. Fortunately, the Defense Department officials said on Monday that Trump's transphobia “most likely violates constitutional rights to due process and equal protection,” according to the New York Times.
The judge, Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of the Federal District Court in Washington, wrote in a ruling, “The court is not persuaded that defendants will be irreparably injured by allowing the accession of transgender individuals into the military beginning on Jan. 1, 2018.” Basically, Trump was told to have several seats.
However, the fight is not over. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House's lyin' press secretary, told reporters that Trump will continue to fight selfless Americans who want to serve their country, “The Department of Justice is currently reviewing the legal options to ensure the president's directive is implemented.”
Fortunately, other Americans will continue to ensure none of the president's bigotry will be implemented.
SOURCE: New York Times
SEE ALSO:
The Wake-Up: First Openly Gay NFL Coach, Trump Readies Transgender Military Ban
President Trump Bans Transgender People From The Military Service
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
REINACH, Switzerland — July 3, 2018 — Archroma recently entered in a partnership with Carlin, the world's very first trend forecasting agency founded in 1947, aiming to promote the use of Archroma's exclusive color inspiration tools to fashion designers and stylists in France.
Under the terms of the new partnership, Carlin will use the ‘Color Atlas by Archroma®' color references in the Carlin's 16 publications per year, including the InMouv trend books. Carlin will also use the Color Atlas during its color workshops, and Carlin and Archroma will organize regular conferences and events for fashion brands in major French cities, including Paris.
The partnership agreement also appoints Carlin as Archroma's sales agent for its color management products in France, including the Color Atlas by Archroma® color library and related tools. Archroma's color management services will continue to be sold through the existing channels.
The Color Atlas by Archroma® uses complementary tools to enhance creative possibilities for designers and brands. It incorporates the six-volume ‘Color Atlas' Library, with more than 4,300 colors on cotton poplin; the two-volume ‘Color Atlas Compact' for improved portability; and the ‘Color Atlas Online' which enables you to take an image with your smartphone and identify the closest Color Atlas shades.
“Just like designers, brands, retailers, manufacturers and Carlin, we are passionate about color trends,” explained Chris Hipps, global director of Archroma Color Management Services. “We redefined the concept of a color library for the textile industry with our Color Atlas, an essential and inspirational reference that gives creatives options that they had never dreamed of. With our new partnership with Carlin we'll be able to share our Color Atlas and our passion for color with a new audience.”
“Carlin is at the forefront of trend forecasting,” explained Edouard Keller, head of International Sales, Carlin. “And that includes the use of color. Archroma offers a suite of services and tools that are both practical and instantly available for our clients; this is what makes their solution so attractive to us. Our partnership with Archroma will empower us to share the advanced Color Atlas and associated tools with creatives throughout France, helping them to unlock their creativity with color.”
Posted July 3, 2018
Source: Archroma
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This week in 1971 H H Martyn & Co closed.
It was the firm that spawned the Gloster Aircraft Company, the Dowty empire and founded Gloucestershire's enduring role in aerospace technology. But it did much more.
Martyn's built aeroplanes, motor cars, fitted out ships, cast statues, produced stained glass windows, made furniture, worked iron, carved stone, moulded decorative plaster and excelled in every sphere of craftsmanship.
Herbert Henry Martyn established his company of art craftsmen in premises on the corner of College Road and the High Street, Cheltenham in 1888. So immediate was the success of this venture that by 1900 the firm had attracted a skilled workforce of 200 from all over the country.
Space was needed for further expansion. So when HH's son Alfred took control, the company moved to a 12.5 acres site at Sunningend, which is now Lansdown Industrial Estate.
A large foundry was built at the new works, which soon received its first major commission. A team of 80 worked for three months to make the iron gates for London's Marble Arch. Weighing 40 tons and costing £3,000, the magnificent illustrations of craftsmanship in iron incorporated over 10,000 hand beaten laurel leaves.
The firm was good at grabbing publicity opportunities. So when it received the Royal Warrant for decorative interior work in Buckingham Palace's Long Gallery and Windsor Castle, the potential for boosting its reputation was not overlooked. Subsequently orders were received that established Martyn's reputation worldwide.
A stone pulpit for Brisbane cathedral. Wood and plasterwork for the Maharajah of Indore's Lal Bagh Palace. Carving and bronze work for King Carol of Rumania. King Farouk's royal train... and commissions from Britain were also highly prestigious.
Martyn's produced the cast iron and bronze frontage to Selfridges in Oxford Street. The Speaker's Chair and Dispatch Boxes in the House of Commons.
The Cenotaph, Whitehall - all work that can be seen to this day, along with examples too numerous to mention in grand houses, the finest hotels and institutional buildings throughout the country.
By 1910, over 1,000 people were employed at Sunningend, making Martyn's the area's largest employer. Not content with mastery of its field on dry land, the company next ventured to sea - and took to the air.
First ships. Martyn's was responsible for fitting out over 100 of the world's greatest ocean liners, including the Titanic, Lusitania, Canberra, Queen Mary, Queen Elizabeth and QE2.
Then planes. During the Great War Martyn's began making military aeroplanes under contract. Demand was such that the firm leased Cheltenham Winter Gardens as extra production space. This was the birth of the Gloster Aircraft Company, which hotly contested the Schneider Trophy during the 1920s and 30s with aerodynamically elegant planes such as the Gloster Golden Arrow.
Another Golden Arrow - the monster car of that name in which Sir Henry Segrave captured the world land speed record in 1929 - was also a project involving Martyn's. Segrave commissioned Martyn's to construct the sponsons that ran between the vehicle's front and back wheels. Before a record breaking run these were packed with ice to cool the 930hp engine. After the run this ice had turned to boiling water.
In the 1920s Wolseley motor cars were made on a sub contract basis at Sunningend. The firm also designed and built a motor scooter called the Unibus, which was way ahead of its time from an engineering aspect - and at 90 guineas was way out of the price range of its market.
The firm continued to produce fine art and craft work, as well as fulfilling its engineering contracts. Between 1920 and 1937, Martyn's produced 75 per cent of all statues, ornamental screening, decorative doors, gates and similar art metal work ordered in Britain.
Right into the 1960s the company cast sculptures by Henry Moore, as well completing major commissions such as the bronze of Winston Churchill in London's Guild Hall and the statue of Robert the Bruce unveiled by the Queen at Bannockburn in 1964.
In the mid 1930s the firm was bought by Maples of London. The Second World War brought a wealth of military contracts, but when peace resumed in 1945 recession bit hard.
Martyn's probably represented the greatest concentration of craftsmanship and trade skills in the country. But the demise of Britain's ship building industry resulted in Maples selling off Martyn's assets and closing the company in 1971. Its disappearance was a sad loss, but many made-by-Martyn's products still to be seen around the world are an enduring memorial to a company that was universally regarded as the best.
Most of the photos seen here are taken from John Whitaker's definitive book on H H Martyn & Co, titled The Best.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fright fans brace yourselves, the immersive Horror at Hinchingbrooke House experience is back and as terrifying as ever.
Based in the grounds and buildings of the spooky 11th century nunnery in Huntingdon, the Halloween scare attraction takes visitors on an adrenaline-inducing journey.
The award winning interactive experience allows groups of people to explore dark rooms, forests and mazes populated by ghosts, ghouls, demons zombies and killer clowns.
(Image: Horror at Hinchingbrooke House)
Around 45 actors lurking in 18 sets are ready to pounce and scare the living daylights out of people exploring this labyrinth of horror without a guide.
Tickets are now on sale for the October 21 to 28 events, with early booking recommended - last year's event was a sell out.
(Image: Horror at Hinchingbrooke House)
Each year a new maze is created by the Horror at Hinchingbrooke House team, populated by different 'scares' based on films and TV shows.
This year's events include a 90s slasher movie zone, Jason from Friday 13th, a ghoulish nun and shuffling zombies.
So if being chased through a maze by a chainsaw-wielding maniac is your thing get booking now!
(Image: Horror at Hinchingbrooke House)
Tickets start from £19.50 per person to join a hair-raising 45 minute tour in a group of eight to 12 people.
For booking and more information visit: www.enterifyoudare.co.uk.
Orfa Kebabs and Turkish Bakery owner Haydar Al Shamary hopes his planned shisha area will increase people traffic, cultural diversity and new experiences in Bunbury.
A Bunbury resident of 20 years, Mr Al Shamary told the South Western Times he was investing his own money to try and “do something to add life” into the city.
The project is costing Mr Al Shamary about $30,000.
“It's a scary time in business, we need business, we need to create traffic,” Mr Al Shamary said.
“Now is the right time in years to do something – all the changes happening at places like Koombana Bay are great and it's the right time to do other things.”
He said his plans would “totally change” the area, make it look nice and were legal.
Mr Al Shamary had planned to make a presentation to Bunbury City Council ahead of its decision on Tuesday night, however chose to hand up a document.
“Shisha is a culturally significant activity in many parts of the world and is characterised by relaxation, contemplation and conversation,” he said.
“I also believe it is consistent with the city objectives of being open for business, supportive of multiculturalism, inclusive and diverse.
“As you are aware, the city has identified the need to inject vibrancy and diversity into the CBD in the face of a changing retail environment.”
John Harbaugh remains coach of the Baltimore Ravens, and he can thank owner Steve Bisciotti for giving him new life.
During his State of the Ravens address on Friday, Bisciotti admitted that he considered firing Harbaugh, who has been at the helm for 10 years but hasn't been to the playoffs in three straight years.
"Certainly, it was a thought," Bisciotti said as reported by the Baltimore Sun. "I was very proud of the way John kept fighting, held the team together when we were losing in the middle of the year. Joe (Flacco) was obviously producing at substandard (level) with his back injury and after the first couple of weeks obviously, we were very encouraged by our defense and thought that could hold us together."
Harbaugh led the Ravens to five straight postseasons and a Super Bowl victory after the 2012 regular season. During his tenure, Baltimore is 94-66 -- he has had only one losing season.
"We didn't perform very well in the middle of the year," Bisciotti said. "I was proud of the way we fought back as a team. It was certainly a consideration, but not one that I was inclined to make this year."
Harbaugh is under contract through the 2019 season. Bisciotti would not say if this upcoming season was a make or break season for Harbaugh.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An RAF veteran was left with serious injuries after he was beaten by a group of teenagers for verbally abusing a woman and setting fires in a park.
Martin Smith, 45, was battered in front of his terrified son, aged eight, after he confronted the 30-strong mob for harassing the woman.
Two teens attacked the former RAF air traffic controller with a 2ft long tree branch and punched and kicked him when he threatened to record footage of them.
Mr Smith suffered cracked ribs and a black eye, and has told of the traumatising incident as police hunt the assailants.
(Photo: Portsmouth News/Solent News & Photo Agency)
He said the group was verbally abusing the woman and setting fire to aerosol cans when he encountered them in a park in Stubbington, near Fareham, Hampshire.
Mr Smith, of Stubbington, said the boys assaulted him after he told them he was going to record them on his mobile phone.
He said: "One of them got emboldened and said 'what are you going to do about it?' I said 'what I'm going to do is take my camera out and film it'.
"I heard a commotion and there was this lad, 6ft 1ins, with a big 2ft stick, a big branch. He does this little weird spin round and knocked the phone off my hand."
Mr Smith said he tried to pick up this phone but the teen took a "two-handed swing" with the stick and hit him in his rib cage, cracking a couple of ribs.
(Photo: Google Maps)
He said he was able to disarm the teen and was attempting to restrain him when he was attacked by the second boy.
Mr Smith said: "The bigger lad then started to punch me and kicked me in the face.
"At that point my son was still screaming his head off. It was really scary."
Mr Smith also said he pushed one of the teens away and shouted for his son to run, but tripped as he tried to escape and an attacker again tried to kick him in the head.
He said the teens were brazen and added his son has been left 'traumatised' by the incident.
A Hampshire Police spokesman confirmed that an investigation is underway.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local):
6:45 a.m.
President Donald Trump is renewing his attack on the “fake news media” amid the widening controversy surrounding the ouster of his national security adviser and talk of Congress investigations of purported Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election last year.
Trump posted a pre-dawn message on his verified Twitter account Wednesday complaining, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” He said, “This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
Advertisement
He added in the post that “@MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!”
The latest tweet follows a pattern of social media messages that Trump has sent, chastising news organizations both during his campaign for the White House and in the more than three weeks since his inauguration.
6:30 a.m.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is likening President Donald Trump to Andrew Jackson, saying he's what the American people wanted when they elected him.
The Kentucky Republican tells MSNBC's “Morning Joe” that voters “wanted a different kind of president.” He adds that “I like what he's doing,” particularly his emphasis on lessening government regulation of business.
McConnell also said he considers Neil Gorsuch, the man Trump picked to replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court, to be “the single best circuit court judge in the nation.”
He did disagree with Trump, who has asserted that millions of illegal votes in the election caused him to lose the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton. “There is voter fraud in the country,” McConnell said. “But there is no evidence that there was significant enough vote fraud to affect the outcome of the election.”
3:15 a.m.
Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
WASHINGTON — A young reporter took to the White House briefing room Wednesday to share his worries that he and his classmates “could get shot at school” and asked White House press secretary Sarah Sanders how the White House plans to prevent more shootings from happening.
“At my school, we recently had a lockdown drill. One thing that affects my and other students' mental health is the worry about we or our friends could get shot at school. Specifically, could you tell me what the administration has done or will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?” asked Benje Choucroun, a 13-year-old from California reporting for Time for Kids.
Choucroun's question struck a chord with Sanders, a mother of three young children, who choked up as she answered the young reporter, promising him the administration will do “every single thing in our power” to protect children.
“As a kid, and certainly as a parent, there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid to go to school and not feel safe, so I'm sorry that you feel that way,” Sanders said, her voice cracking.
“This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the President convened is meeting again this week — an official meeting to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools and to make them feel safe and their parents feel good about dropping them off,” she added.
The question came less than two weeks after the most recent mass school shooting claimed 10 lives in Santa Fe, Texas.
Trump will meet with the families of some of those victims during a visit to Houston on Thursday “to personally offer his condolences and support,” Sanders said.
Trump has offered few thoughts on how to prevent future mass shootings in the wake of the Texas school shooting.
The President first engaged in a wide-ranging debate on how to stem the tide of mass shootings in the wake of the Parkland, Florida, shooting — even lending his support to proposals opposed by the National Rifle Association, like raising the minimum age of purchase for certain guns and expanding background checks.
But those proposals quickly vanished from the President's public remarks on the issue, with Trump instead backing modest proposals to improve federal reporting to the background check system and school safety funding.
Why A Cancer Patient Opposes The 'Right To Try' Experimental Cancer Drugs
Michael Becker is dying from cancer. But he tells NPR's Scott Simon that he opposes the passage of the Right To Try Act, which gives terminally ill patients access to experimental drugs.
SCOTT SIMON, HOST:
Imagine you've been diagnosed with cancer. You've been told it's terminal. Doctors have tried everything. The only option left may be experimental, unapproved drugs. You want these drugs no matter what the risk. This week, President Trump urged Congress to pass what's called the Right To Try Act in his State of the Union address. But many doctors, scientists and those involved in research think it may be a bad idea. Michael Becker is the former CEO of two biotech firms working to develop cancer treatments. Mr. Becker also has terminal cancer. Michael Becker joins us from Bucks County, Pa. Thanks so much for being with us.
MICHAEL BECKER: My pleasure, Scott. Thanks for having me.
SIMON: And I have to begin by asking you, how are you?
BECKER: (Laughter) Feeling pretty good. The quality of life at the moment is not too bad. And I'm happy to still be here.
SIMON: Why are you suspicious of the Right To Try Act?
BECKER: You know, I agree with President Trump that patients like me that are facing a terminal illness should have an opportunity to access experimental drugs. Fortunately, we already do. It's the Compassionate Use mechanism for the Food and Drug Administration.
SIMON: Having read about you, you just don't believe that this would be redundant but could be dangerous.
BECKER: Yeah. If you put the two side by side, there's only one difference. And that is the FDA. The FDA gets taken out of the equation with the proposed legislation. The FDA is in the equation with the existing regulations. Compassionate Use process is extremely easy. Basically, go to your doctor. Find one who will agree to administer the therapy. Contact the drug company. See if they're also willing to agree. Fill out the paperwork. And then if the FDA doesn't object, the patient can get the treatment. And the only difference with the new legislation is that last part. The FDA is taken out of the equation.
SIMON: With respect, why care so much about the FDA if a life is hanging in the balance?
BECKER: So as a terminal cancer patient, I would, you know, obviously love to try something that's going to prolong my life or cure my cancer. The reality is that that's a very, very small statistic in terms of drug development discovery. Only 5 percent of drugs that go through phase one development actually go on to be approved. So you're talking about giving people medications that, in historical context, have only had a 5 percent chance of actually working at the end of the day. And then you're exposing these patients to, potentially, additional toxicities that could accelerate their death or cause additional problems for them.
SIMON: I'm sure you've run all this through your mind. Why not - I was about to ask you, why not let the patient decide? Why not let you decide?
BECKER: Well, the problem becomes that you have a lot of false hope as a terminal cancer patient. You want to cling to anything that's going to sound like it's an opportunity to live longer or have a better quality of life. And that hope can sometimes cover up the realities of some of the more sinister aspects of getting a drug, which are things go wrong. So I could take a drug that was purported to help me, and it may actually make my condition worse. It could create other difficulties for me. And then my quality of life may be even worse than it was originally. That's what I would fear as a - or what I do fear as a patient.
SIMON: Yeah. And would it potentially take advantage of people at their most vulnerable?
BECKER: Absolutely. I can't tell you how many times I see miracle cures and herbal remedies and everything from unsolicited emails to Internet ads, you know, talking about cures and treatments for cancer. If you take the FDA as the policeman out of that equation, I'm scared to death as to what cancer patients or other patients facing terminal illnesses may be subjected to.
SIMON: Well, Mr. Becker, good luck to you. We are so grateful to speak with you. Thank you so much.
BECKER: Thank you, Scott.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has finally admitted he made a £60m mistake not selling Alexis Sanchez last summer.
Wenger insisted if he “had his time again” then he would have allowed Sanchez to join Manchester City after they made a mega bid on deadline day last August.
Gunners manager Wenger also claimed that Sanchez has joined Manchester United for a contract worth even MORE than £600,000-a-week.
When quizzed whether the deal was as much as the £600,000-a-week as had been reported, Wenger pointed to the ceiling as if to signify it was worth even more.
Wenger, who made the remarks during a Q&A session for the club's executive box holders, was careful not to use the word regret but suggested it was difficult to keep an unhappy player.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
It comes in the week Leicester's Riyad Mahrez went AWOL after missing out on a move to Manchester City.
Wenger admitted that he should have sold Sanchez because his contract was running down but said he was determined to bring in a replacement and ran out of time to sign Monaco's Thomas Lemar.
Sanchez endured an unhappy four months at Arsenal after being made to stay at the Emirates and Wenger pointed to his drop in goals and assists compared to the previous season as to why the gamble to keep him backfired.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Icon Sport)
Arsenal ended up doing a swap deal with Sanchez going to Old Trafford with Henrikh Mkhitaryan moving the opposite way with both players valued at around £35m which represents a big drop since the summer.
Wenger also left the room wondering about his own future as he evaded questions as to whether he would remain in charge for the final year of his contract.
But Wenger, 68, insisted he was focused on reaching the Champions League through the Premier League and claimed it would be tough to do via the Europa League.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Avengers: Infinity War is putting the super into superhero with not just one costumed character saving the day but more than 20.
For fans, it is a landmark event as faves from across the 18 films of the Marvel Cinematic Universe team up for the first time.
Infinity War has been a decade in the making and ever since Disney-owned Marvel released its first film, Iron Man, in 2008 each of its films and TV shows has been building up to this story.
Finally, Iron Man, Thor, Hulk, Captain America, the Guardians of the Galaxy, Black Panther, Doctor Strange, Spider-Man and Ant-Man will battle Thanos.
Ahead of Infinity War opening tomorrow, box office experts predict it will smash records set by Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Odeon will show it 4,000 times in the first four days after selling a ticket every 10 seconds when pre-bookings opened.
Yet some fans are wondering: has the golden age of superheroes hit its zenith?
In 2007, there were just three superhero films.
(Image: Marvel 2016)
(Image: null)
This year there will be at least nine and next year at least 10.
Marvel made £10billion at the box office in a decade, topping Star Wars and Bond to become the biggest-earning franchise of all time. Rival DC, which has Batman, Superman and Wonder Woman, made £6.74billion.
And then there's merchandising and the superhero TV boom.
Marvel has 11 shows, including Netflix's Jessica Jones and C4's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., with two more due this year and five in development. DC has 10, four upcoming and 11 in development.
So why our sudden obsession with superheroes? And will the bubble burst just as fast?
James Cameron, who made the two biggest films of all time, Avatar and Titanic, feels enough is enough. “I'm hoping we'll start getting Avenger fatigue here pretty soon,” he said.
“There are other stories to tell besides hypergonadal males without families doing death-defying things for two hours.”
But Empire magazine's Chris Hewitt feels the explosion of comic book films in the noughties, starting with X-Men and the Tobey Maguire Spider-Man series, is easily explained.
(Image: WENN.com)
He says: “One reason is special effects. The Superman and Batman films of the 70s, 80s and 90s had terrible effects. But finally, they have caught up and we're able to put these stories on the big screen.
“They also appeal across the generations. It's the golden age of comic book movies. There are stinkers but there are also incredible films that are fun, entertaining and have something to say about the world.
“And there a subgenre within superheroes, some are comedies, some thrillers. Marvel's given us 40 hours of interlinked movies, which culminate in this one.
"That has never been done. How long are they going to last? As long as the movies are good. We'll probably be talking about Avengers 47 years from now.”
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: FilmMagic)
(Image: WireImage)
Will Brooker, professor of film and cultural studies at Kingston University and author of several Batman studies, says the surge in the noughties was a reaction to 9/11 and now these heroes are a way to deal with a world blighted by terrorism, Trump and strife with Russia and North Korea.
Prof Brooker says: “There's something reassuring about seeing these larger than life figures who can solve the world's problems and imagining how great it would be if they were able to.”
The idea goes back to comic book roots. Superman debuted in Action Comics in 1938, becoming a huge figure during the Second World War and was shown fighting a Nazi in 1941.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: 2011 MVLFFLLC)
The same year, Timely, which became Marvel, had Captain America punching Hitler. Iron Man arrived in 1963 at the height of the Cold War, in the year of the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Prof Brooker says: “Things go in and out of fashion. We get one or two Westerns a year now. Yet there was a time when westerns and war films used to dominate.
“One of the reasons comic book films appeal to all ages is the superhero movie is the new Western. They are about the same thing – what does it mean to be a hero? And will you join a team or be a loner?”
Well, with a cast of 30 A-list names, what superhero fan wouldn't join Team Avengers?
The Cleveland Browns have an enormous opportunity to turn their franchise around starting on April 27 in Philadelphia. The 2017 NFL Draft is a chance for Cleveland to begin its turnaround from laughingstock to solid franchise. With five of the top 65 picks and a total of seven in the first four rounds, the Browns simply can't afford to screw this up.
What follows is a mock for all of Cleveland's picks in this year's draft. This projection is what the Browns should do at each pick. It does not take into account trades and also is my consideration of who will be on the board. At each pick I balanced my projection of “best available” and “best fit” for the team.
Off the top I should also mention that I'm not a big fan of any of the quarterbacks in this year's draft class, which is why I think the Browns shouldn't waste yet another first-round pick on a mediocre signal-caller.
Here goes:
1st round (1) — Myles Garrett, DE/OLB, Texas A&M
This is the obvious pick. Garrett is the only player with true “star power” in this year's draft. You need edge rushers to win in the pass-happy NFL these days, and Garrett is a physical freak who can get to the quarterback. The Browns simply can't pass on him.
1st round (12) — O.J. Howard, TE, Alabama
This is where most observers have them taking a quarterback, but I'm going with a hard pass there. None of the signal-callers in this year's draft are worth the 12th pick and if the Browns don't work a trade they should get a playmaker, something the current roster is lacking. Howard is 6'6″ and 251 pounds, and also ran a 4.51 40. He's got phenomenal hands and should make an impact immediately.
Eventually, the Browns will draft a quarterback, and they should focus on getting weapons who will surround him. Until that time, give Brock Osweiler or whoever winds up under center a chance to succeed with a target like Howard.
2nd round (33) — Adoree' Jackson, CB, USC
Cleveland's secondary stunk in 2016, so that must be a focus of this draft. Go out and get playmakers who can make a difference. Jackson needs polish as a corner, but he can step in an play the slot immediately. He also possesses the pure athletic talent to be a shutdown guy eventually. Meanwhile, he'll immediately give Cleveland a Pro Bowl-level return man and Hue Jackson could draw up special packages to get him on offense. With Jackson and Garrett in the fold, the Browns will have gotten the two most explosive athletes in the draft.
2nd round (52) — Budda Baker, S, Washington
If Baker was bigger, he'd be the top safety in this draft. Despite being just a shade under 5'10” and only 195 pounds, he was one of college football's best defenders over the past two seasons. He's an oustanding tackler who makes plays all over the field, has an insanely high football IQ and can make plays on the ball.
Baker is not quite Tyrann Mathieu, but he's that kind of player. Overlooked because of his size but a pure football player who gets it done between the lines. He would be yet another dynamic piece added to a beleaguered secondary.
3rd round (65) — Samaje Perine, RB, Oklahoma
Isaiah Crowell averaged 4.8 yards per carry in 2016 and Duke Johnson was at 4.9, but neither guy topped 200 carries. Crowell has yet to sign a new contract with Cleveland, meaning the team needs to add to its running back stable.
Perine is 5'11” and 233 pounds of pure grinder. He's a power back who can get you tough yards up the middle, something the Browns will need to get defenses out of the backfield on passing downs. He's a quick, downhill runner who can get away from defenders in the open field. He's not a burner (4.65 40 at the combine), but that's not what you're drafting him for. He'll keep the chains moving reliably. Which is exactly what Cleveland needs.
4th round (108) — Mack Hollins, WR, North Carolina
Corey Coleman and Josh Gordon are unreliable and Kenny Britt isn't going to scare defenses. The Browns need at least one more receiver, and Hollis is a serous value at this point. At 6'4″ and 211 pounds, the North Carolina product has the size and big play ability to make an impact early. He averaged 20.6 yards per catch during his college career and runs a 4.53 40 at the combine. He's tough, strong and a huge target with big hands. He could be a steal this late.
4th round (142) — Elijah Qualls, DE/DT, Washington
Qualls is another value play here. He's a solid, unspectacular defensive lineman who will give you solid push along the defensive line and will show up reliably. He was first-team all-conference in 2016, then pumped out 33 bench reps while flashing a 5.13 40 at the combine. He won't wow you with athleticism but he's stout and relentless. He's just 6'1″ but carries 313 pounds well on his frame. He'll immediately be a depth guy who can steal reps along the interior of the defensive line, and occasionally move outside in a pinch.
5th round (145) — Marquez White, CB, Florida State
The changing of the secondary continues. White is a super-solid cornerback, with decent size (6′ and 195 pounds), who showed really well during the drills portion of his combine workout. He played basketball for the Seminoles during the 2013-14 season but decided to stick to football, where he wound up a 13-game starter in 2016 and earned honorable mention all-conference honors.
White is smart and solid in all aspects of the game. He's not a “wow” athlete, but he makes up for that with his smarts. He'll contribute on special teams and if he can get stronger he should be fine in run support.
5th round (177) — Isaac Asiata, G, Utah
The Browns strengthened the interior of their offensive line by signing J.C. Tretter and Kevin Zeitler this offseason. Now it's time to add depth and bulk to that group. Asiata can play all three interior spots and at 6'3″and 323 pounds is a big, powerful body on the inside. He threw up 35 bench reps at the combine, and his long arms and short-area quickness make him a solid addition this late in the draft. He needs some polish, but he's a guy who loves contact and battling in the trenches. Getting a three-year major conference starter with upside in the fifth round is a steal in any draft.
5th round (183) — Jessamen Dunker, OT, Tennessee State
Dunker went to Florida out of high school but an arrest for grand theft pushed him to the FCS where he starred at Tennessee State as a four-year starter. As a senior he was an FCS All-American, as he displayed elite athleticism at the position. At 6'4″ and 318 pounds he has good size for a tackle, with adequate arm length and hand size.
The kid can move for his size (4.98 40, 1.80 10-yard split), but he clearly needs high-level coaching to round off his rough edges. You can never have too many solid offensive linemen, Dunker is a solid tackle with long-term upside.
6th round (187) — Delano Hill, S, Michigan
In the sixth round it's time to find solid guys who you think can stick on the roster. Hill is that. He played in 46 games over his career, including 26 starts. His a big safety at 6'1″ and 216 pounds and ran a blazing 4.47 40 at the combine. He's a very good tackler but isn't very smooth in coverage. Had he been bigger, he would have made a great linebacker but, alas, he's stuck as a safety. Still, he should stick as a special teams guy who can fill in at the back of the defense.
The government aims to deploy 5G services for consumers by 2020. Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint
New Delhi: A top panel, formed in September by the department of telecom, will meet on Wednesday to devise strategies for early deployment of 5G services in India, several people familiar with the matter said.
The panel, which has representations from the industry, government and academics, aims to develop a competitive product portfolio for 5G with an objective of targeting 50% of the Indian market and 10% of global market over the next seven years.
Representatives from top internet service providers and telecom service providers, including Bharti Airtel Ltd's chief executive Gopal Vittal, Reliance Jio's managing director Sanjay Mashruwala, are part of the panel and are expected to attend the meeting.
The government aims to deploy 5G services for consumers by 2020. The government set up the 22-member committee, chaired by telecom secretary Aruna Sundararajan, in September and tasked it with evaluating and approving road maps and action plans for the technology rollout.
5G is the next generation of wireless access technology. It not only promises higher data capacity and speeds faster than 10 GB per second but also possesses the capacity to connect billions of devices. According to industry estimates, 5G will also bring down the cost of transmitting packets of data on the network to one-tenth of that on a 4G network. The technology is also expected to trigger progress across usages such as autonomous cars, apart from Internet of Things (IoT).
The move may also provide an opportunity to the government to attempt afresh to sell certain airwaves that are ideally suited for 5G services. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, or Trai, in August floated a consultation paper inviting views on the next auction of various spectrum bands, including 3300-3400 MHz and 3400-3600 MHz spectrum bands that are suitable for 5G mobile services. The consultation paper will be followed by an open house discussion.
India has largely played a catch-up game with the world when it comes to rolling out technologies such as 2G, 3G and 4G. The government wants to change that. 5G trials are currently being rolled out across the world. Companies such as Ericsson AB, Orange SA, Verizon Communications, Google and Samsung Electronics have shown interest in or conducted 5G trials.
The panel will focus on creating a research ecosystem for intellectual property rights development, standards development and proof of concepts through research projects, public-private partnership projects, test beds and pilot roll-outs. The government has approved a corpus of Rs500 crore for research and development in 5G, telecom minister Manoj Sinha said in September.
The department of telecommunications has approved a 5G technologies test-bed at IIT Madras, which is expected to be operational in the next six months, Morgan Stanley said in a recent note.
“We will need more such test-beds in order to meet the deadline for the roll-out,” a member of the high-level panel said.
The panel will also work towards creating a regulatory framework, including spectrum assignments and a start-up friendly regulatory environment. “While the current quantity of spectrum is adequate for telecom operators for now, the government will need to offer more spectrum for 5G,” a top executive of a global telecom equipment manufacturer said.
In this era of "fake news" , trust is always being called into question, whether it's the content in the president's Twitter feed or the creepy notion that your Amazon Echo is listening in on your private conservations with sinister intentions. Even though "In God We Trust" is the official motto of the United States, distrust is rampant in 21st century America. When it comes to the nation's institutions which are bedrocks of the country, however, trust levels are remaining consistent. Gallup recently polled U.S. adults about their confidence levels in 15 different societal institutions, finding only three had a majority-level of trust. Average confidence across the institutions has still remained consisent over the past three decades and all of them garner at least some trust. In 2018, the military remains the most trusted institution with 74 percent of Americans having some or quite a lot of confidence in it.It comes as little surprise that small business is widely trusted given its importance to the community and it comes second with 67 percent. Even though the police has attracted criticism due to heavy-handed arrests and a spate of controversial shootings, it is the only other institution with majority trust at 54 percent. When it comes to the church and organized religion, trust levels stand at 38 percent while the presidency is close behind with 37 percent. Television news and Congress come last with just 20 and 11 percent trust among the public respectively.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has ordered Arsenal to win every game to keep their Champions' League hopes alive.
The Gunners claimed a first league away win for three months with goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil.
It put them seven points behind Man City in fourth with a game in hand.
Winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain last night blasted the squad suggesting they've not been giving 100 per cent.
He admitted: “We have not been good enough, we need to take responsibility for that and today we had to win.
“It is a massive honour to play for a team like Arsenal, you have to give 100 per cent and maybe that has been slipping recently.”
(Photo: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
(Photo: REUTERS)
And boss Wenger conceded that Arsenal overcame “nervousness” because they were lacking in confidence ahead of the Boro game.
Asked about their Champions League top four qualification bids, Wenger said: “For us, the clarity is there, we have to win every game to have a chance of getting in the top four, starting tonight.
“The team was a bit more serene. We were a bit overcautious in situations tonight. Hopefully that will give us more confidence. Mathematically it is still possible, even if it is difficult, but we will give it a go.
“The players care. When you don't win confidence goes quickly and comes back slowly. I felt there was nervousness there in the way we played.”
(Photo: 2017 Getty Images)
Arsenal now face Manchester City in a Wembley FA Cup semi final, followed by Leicester, Spurs and Manchester United.
Wenger says he played three centre backs “for the first time in 20 years.”
He joked: “It shows at my age you can change. Sometimes when your team lacks confidence, something new helps them believe and focus.
“The fact we conceded three at West Brom and three at Palace, I feel it was needed.
“We have a break in the Premier League and we have a good chance on Sunday. It is at Wembley and it will be interesting.”
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
GALLIPOLIS — The National Weather Service issued an excessive heat warning from noon to 8 p.m. Wednesday for Ohio with heat index values within the 100s as part of a continuing heat wave across the eastern and central U.S.
The service recommended during such incidents taking precautions for working inside or spending time outside. It is generally advised strenuous activity should be rescheduled for early mornings and evenings along with frequent breaks. Special attention should be given to seniors and children during such times.
According to the American Red Cross in 2015, in recent years, excessive heat has caused more deaths than all other weather events, including floods. A heat wave is a prolonged period of extreme heat, often combined with excessive humidity. Generally temperatures are 10 degrees or more above the average high temperature for the region during summer months, last for a long period of time and occur with high humidity as well.
Ohio Department of Public Safety's Division of Emergency Medical Services offers the following tips during extreme heat:
Stay indoors as much as possible and limit exposure to the sun.
Consider spending the warmest part of the day in public buildings such as libraries, schools, movie theaters, shopping malls, and other community facilities. Circulating air can cool the body by increasing the perspiration rate of evaporation.
Eat well-balanced, light, and regular meals. Check on family, friends, and neighbors who do not have air conditioning and who spend much of their time alone.
Drink plenty of water and limit the intake of alcoholic beverages.
Dress in loose-fitting, lightweight, and light-colored clothes that cover as much skin as possible.
Never leave children or pets alone in closed vehicles.
Avoid strenuous work during the warmest part of the day. Take frequent breaks.
If you believe that you or someone may be suffering from heat stress, call 9-1-1 or consult a physician.
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome Your rating: None Average: 3 ( 1 vote)
ABlueDeer is a gifted artist on Furaffinity, SoFurry, Inkbunny and other venues. He has been a full-time anime, manga, video game, and anthro artist since 2007. Throughout his career, he has also diligently pursued a childhood dream to create his own ongoing webcomic series. With this goal in mind he created Dark Blue Comics, an illustration and writing production house a few years ago. It currently hosts The Depths, Moonlace, and Bethellium for free reading. Contributors to his Patreon page receive sneak-peeks of upcoming pages, high-quality art, pin-ups, scripts, and much more.
I have worked in the past with ABlueDeer and other professional artists as a writer and social media expert on several comic projects, including The Depths. With that I was fortunate to be able to speak to ABlueDeer recently about Dark Blue Comics, his artistic dreams, and plans for the future as an artist and a father.
Leilani: First, my thoughts and prayers to your friends and family caught in the devastating Mexico City earthquake recently. I'm relieved they're all safe and accounted for.
ABlueDeer(ABD): Thank you so much. Yes, I was able to visit mine and Shana, my wife's, families and check on them. There was another earthquake while we were there but luckily this one was minor. We also wanted to see if the houses had any cracks or anything. Apparently, most of the damage was done in the south, which is a little far from our families' houses. Some areas had a lot of damage. Most buildings that went down were old and supposedly preserved because they were of Hispanic heritage, and they were in the very center of the city.
Origins
Leilani: Well, I'm very glad to see you safe. So, what made you think of Dark Blue Comics? What was the concept?
ABD: Oh, it was mostly based on my website, called Dark Blue Workshop. I picked that name for my website and brand because it involves the color blue, and that's kinda related because my nickname is ABlueDeer. Blue is described often as a cool and calm color, relaxing and welcoming.
Leilani: And dark. *laughs*
ABD: *laughs* Well, it's not meant to be anything bad, but rather related to a place where you can sit, and think, and create. Sometimes the darkness is fearful because people don't like to be alone with themselves, but that's precisely what's good about it, because you can actually sit and understand yourself, and creation is even greater when you understand yourself.
Leilani: Have you ever heard of the phrase "go dark"? That's what I was reminded of. So you like to go off by yourself, off the grid, so to speak?
ABD: That's sort of like I meant, yes. This is why I call the site a Workshop. A place of creation. Not really a studio, because that's an overused word. “Workshop” has somewhat of a classy ring to it.
Leilani: So you probably are like me and do your best creating when you're in bed and ready to go to sleep.
ABD: *laughs* Yes, and I have to get my smartphone and write what comes to mind. That has happened so many times. Some of my most beloved ideas have come when I sit and simply find the time to think. You could say, when I find that dark blue comfortable place inside that allows me to create.
Leilani: We'll talk more about your concepts in a moment but first, we've talked before about your love of comics. What was your favorite comic book growing up?
ABD: I have many, I guess, but I was more into manga than into American comics. Although I must admit, the one I like the most even today is Kingdom Come from DC, painted by my idol, Alex Ross. His work in those was amazing for me, seeing such levels of detail in a comic really blew me away. That's probably why I always liked manga so much, because some titles had amazing stories with amazing art, such as Ghost in the Shell by Masamune Shirow, or Nausicaa by Hayao Miyazaki.
Leilani: Was reading manga sort of the starting point for your own comic ideas? Did you read those and think, "Wow, this is so awesome...I'm going to do this!"?
ABD: Yes, totally. I liked comic stories, but for both art and story, only specific mangas managed to attract me. I started drawing manga and for a few years I did draw it constantly with a group of friends and we published online on our own. Sadly, I cannot tell what comics those were, because my friends and I made an agreement to not speak of who did what in those comics, so they remain online under a pen name. But this is something I've been doing pretty much all my life, and manga was my aim all the time.
Leilani: I imagine like so many other artists, you probably fell in love with anime first.
ABD: I did. Anime and cartoons from the 80s. I always loved interesting stories such as those on Thundercats, Gargoyles and others, those also had a big impact on me. Those cartoons gave me the interest in also telling good stories along with the art.
Leilani: Do you have any comics now that you treasure?
ABD: Well, I love Japanese artbooks. I own a couple that are difficult to get, like one of my other idol Masamune Shirow. Other than that, I very recently got my hands on Blacksad, which is what I could consider my aim in comic quality. It's a detective story around the time of WWII. And I really love history stories. History has always been interesting for me too. And maps, I love maps. I have a collection of history books inherited since my father's grandfather.
Projects
Leilani: That's fabulous that you keep history close. Let's talk about your Dark Blue concepts for a bit. Now, I know you have three comics you're doing for Dark Blue, can you tell us a little what each one is?
ABD: Well, the most recently added project is The Depths, and anyone who has read it so far can probably tell I really wanted to draw it as a comic, because it has so much potential. It's an historical project that involves a heroine in the South Seas at the start of the 20th century, just like of one those vintage comics, and she has all sorts of adventures that are both erotic and deadly. What I love is that as the comic goes along, new ideas are thought of that widen the possibilities. I believe it can run for a few years, at the least.
Leilani: That's terrific. And tell us about Moonlace.
ABD: Right, Moonlace is a personal story that I've been developing for a few years. I even had to tie together the main plots of a couple of other stories I had been planning, but in the end it seems to be working quite well together. Anyway, Moonlace could fit the definition of a "soap opera", but in a more interesting and modern way, of course. It's strongly oriented to the characters and their relations, with a supernatural element and the plot will revolve around it. But what's most important are the characters and their development. Moonlace is about three girls trying to solve their own issues while fighting a bad demoness that's always causing them trouble.
Leilani: We also should add that Moonlace and The Depths are adults-only, right?
ABD: Right. Moonlace will have some explicit scenes, although I don't want them to take the central spot in the comic. I want those scenes to simply be what's often left out in mainstream series and movies, when you know a couple is doing naughty things, but you never get to see them. So readers will get to see the love scenes. But what else could you expect in a story were the main villain is a succubus that manipulates people?! *laughs* Leaving the adult scenes out would leave important parts of the story out.
Leilani: You want readers to really love that about the comics. The sex isn't the focus.
ABD: Yes, in The Depths and in Moonlace, care is given more to the characters, so when the adult scenes come in, the reader should feel more connected to them, so it's not simply a porn scene, but rather a short period of time when the reader can share the intimacy of the characters. And of course, when love is actually involved, the sex scenes are more meaningful, just like in real life.
Leilani: Not so with Bethellium. Tell us about this last one.
ABD: Yes, Bethellium is a more open idea that should include a wider audience because it won't have adult scenes, although the plot will more likely be kinda adult too, because it's a fantasy story that will involve political intrigue, a re-interpretation of our story in a world where anthropomorphic characters live and, of course, lots of magic. The story revolves around a city where all magic users in their world have come to live, because the rest of the world is against them. So readers will explore lots of types of magic, while also learning to like the city where all the stories will come to happen. This particular story involves a strong relationship between the main five characters, and readers will follow their adventures. This concept is a very dear story to me, one I'd been working on before I even started Dark Blue, so I'm anxious to really make it the best it can be.
Leilani: I always say if you have a passion for what you create, it's going to be great, no matter what.
ABD: I have noticed that. In this modern world, with so many people creating content all the time, it becomes harder to be "great" because it's harder for people to find you. So, you have to work harder to get more people to notice your work all the time. I'm hoping these comics I'm doing will become great someday, and that maybe I'll have the chance to make this workshop even bigger and wider to include other artists and stories.
Leilani: Outstanding! Has making comics been sort of what you always wanted to do?
ABD: Well, I've been wanting to do many artistic things since always. I wanted to do animation, video games, comics, and all the stuff in between. But you have to start somewhere, and the thing that connects all of these mediums, is that I want to tell stories. That's what I always wanted to do, ever since I can remember. Comics are often an easier and faster way to tell stories when you draw more than what you write, so I started doing that since I was very little. I even have a couple of very old comics I drew when I was 10!
Leilani: Aww, I bet those were adorable! Maybe you can come up with a concept for those sometime!
ABD: *laughs* We'll see.
Leilani: I'm sure many artists would love to know from you, what does it take to read a story and think "That would make a great comic!"?
ABD: You know, I'd like to know that too! *laughs* I do know I like my stories, but that's different when it's about people liking your stories. Sometimes what you like is not something everyone likes. I tried over the years to learn plenty of stuff, reading books wide and long, learning from better artists than me both on comics and general art. I've noticed there are a couple of things that you can say great comics have, but then you could try them and be a failure. So my hope is to keep doing my best to learn, to be better every time, doing my best effort in my comics, and maybe, if they're actually good, people will notice them and read them and love them. I hope to touch people in the same way those old cartoons, comics, video games and books I had in my childhood did with me. They inspired me and changed my way of seeing the world for the better.
Thoughts of the future
Leilani: Speaking of childhood, I know you recently became a Daddy with Shana, your wife. Does having children change your outlook on art?
ABD: Oh yes, everything changes when you have a son. You have to care for another member in the family, so that makes me try harder to make these projects successful, because I want to be a good father for my baby, which means I should not only be able to provide for him, but also feel happy with the work I do, so I can share good experiences with him, instead of being a grumpy father who hates his job. *laughs* So art is great as a romantic side, when you want to live out simply what you love, but I have learned I also have to take into account the reality of the world after my son was born. I have to mature as an artist, and learning is not only something I want to do, but something I also have to do. To become better every day, for my own sake and my boy's.
Leilani: You mentioned Dark Blue Workshop and Dark Blue Comics in general would love to expand. You'd be open to new ideas from others that would make good stories for comics, provided you have the artists/writers to do so?
ABD: Yes, totally. The only commitment I have with Dark Blue Comics is quality. As long as that's fulfilled, any new idea is welcome. And of course, that we have the resources to create them.
Leilani: And that's the real challenge. But to me, what you do, managing three comics at the same time? Not many artists can do that!
ABD: I've seen a couple, and even though it is hard, the technology helps a lot in that regard, but you could say this is because I love drawing comics too much, and because I wanted to offer an option for every taste when the website was put online. Dark Blue already has a great start – an historical adventure/drama, a supernatural novel, and a high fantasy story.
Leilani: You mentioned technology. What do you use?
ABD: Just a typical drawing tablet and painting software Clip Studio Paint, which has features to draw comics specifically, so it is really helpful when you draw backgrounds and architecture. I know because I've drawn comics in traditional ways and it's waaaaay slower and more difficult.
Leilani: Lastly, any advice you want to give people who have comics on their mind to do? What would you tell them?
ABD: That's really hard to say! *laughs* I'm still struggling to make this work out, so I'm not the best example. I would say, keep fighting for what you love to do, and you'll have success. I would also say, think about the characters and make them important. Don't just write the characters, bring them to life. Get to know them so closely that you'll know what they'll do next. Your characters should speak to you and you should always treat them with respect. A truly good character has a life of its own, so when you sit down one day and write about a character, and it feels like something they would or wouldn't say, just like if it were a person you know closely, then you are ready to write about them.
Sometimes I just can't with folks. One of my fans posted this story on my Facebook wall:
John Ridley's upcoming Showtime series, Guerrilla, starring Idris Elba, Freida Pinto and Babou Ceesay, is supposed to be about black women during Britain's black power movement who attempt to free a political prisoner. But at the center of the story is a character played by Pinto, a woman who is not black. During a recent Q&A and screening of the series in London, Ridley and the cast didn't exactly explain themselves very well when it came to the erasure of black women, according to Shadow and Act. “My parents were a part of that movement,” one audience member said. “I want to understand why you decided [to make] an Asian woman the main protagonist. “I understand the contribution of Asians to this, but having an Asian protagonist making all the big decisions. Does that get explained in subsequent episodes? We can't ignore that,” she continued.
The story goes on…
“I'm not sure you quite answered the question. Why are there no black women at the forefront of the struggle? That doesn't necessarily accurately reflect what happened in the '70s in the U.K.,” she stated. “Wow, really? You know this because you read about it?” Ceesay asked. “No, we know this because our parents were a part of it,” she responded. And even if the audience member had read about it, it's not as if it's not easy to figure out who was involved in the movement—because of the internet and books. “I said previously, I think the characters in this story are complicated across the board, so the concept that any one person is somehow better, or more elevated, or more appropriate than any other individual, I'm sorry, I don't accept that,” Ridley said while on the verge of crying. “I don't want to make this overly personal, but part of why I chose to have a mixed-race couple at the center of this is that I'm in a mixed-race relationship,” he continued. “The things that are being said here, and how we are often received, is very equivalent to what's going on right now. My wife is a fighter, my wife is an activist, and yet, because our races are different, there are a lot of things we have to still put up with.”
On the verge of crying? REALLY? FOH…
There's a myth/rumor/theory that many men in the Civil Rights Movement were motivated by a singular desire…to date and marry out. Cool beans, but just call it for what it is, okay?
Mum's horror as baby is taken to HOSPITAL after b
Couple who have Down's Syndrome have a magical we
Five interesting facts about the new £1 coin
Abi doesn't see eye to eye with Lauren on Tuesday
Will Max come regret his latest decision in Easte
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders fans have slammed the way the police handled Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths on tonight's emotional episode.
As Jack Branning sat absorbing the awful news that his new wife and her sister had drowned in their hotel pool, viewers were quick to tweet their anger at the policewoman handling the case and her family liaison officer.
DI Sara Davenport started things off by telling Jack's brother Max about the deaths before she'd even contacted Jack – Roxy's next of kin – and went further by getting Max to identify Roxy's body by showing him pictures on her phone – presumably a big police no-no.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
She then tried to stop Max from being with Jack when she finally told him the awful news – and even got snappy with him when he tried to stop her from blurting it out in front of Jack's kids.
Rather than knock on the door of Jack's honeymoon suite, she got the hotel manager to open the door herself, then blundered right in to where Jack was lying in bed asleep with his arms curled around his little son and daughter.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
After DI Davenport had dispatched the news, she immediately demanded statements from both Max and Jack, who was still sitting on the end of his bed in tears.
She and the liaison officer, DS Anderson, then left the room to search Ronnie's - they didn't say what for - leaving Jack completely alone.
Viewers were outraged by the cops' behaviour and took to Twitter to register their wrath.
Kilauea's Fast-Moving Lava Threatens Another Community, Volcanic Haze Reaches Guam
U.S. Geological Survey YouTube
It has been 27 days since the massive eruption of Kilauea sent lava gushing from cracks, spreading destruction through communities in the southeastern corner of Hawaii's Big Island. And now volcanic haze drifting across 4,000 miles threatens some residents of Guam, according to officials.
The National Weather Service reported volcanic haze produced by the activity of the rumbling volcano has been carried along by strong winds over the Mariana Islands.
"Residents with respiratory health problems should stay indoors and avoid being outdoors when haze is seen," Guam's homeland security office said in a statement. "Mariners and pilots should be aware of lower visibilities caused by this haze."
Although the haze does not contain sulfur dioxide or other toxic chemicals, a NWS official told NPR the particles in the air can still be harmful to people with sensitive respiratory systems. The official added the haze is expected to dissipate by the end of Thursday morning but will likely return as Kilauea continues to erupt.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mario Tama/Getty Images Mario Tama/Getty Images
On the island, conditions have worsened. Each day brings some sort of geologic phenomenon, including laze, blue flames, vog, ash clouds, ballistic blocks, splatter bombs, sky-high lava fountains, ash plumes, and more than 2000 earthquakes.
On Wednesday U.S. Geological Survey officials warned fast-moving lava threatened to tear through more homes in the already ravaged communities of Leilani Estates and Lanipuna Gardens. They estimated violent eruptions of molten rock spewing out of a nearby fissure — Fissure 8 — were burning through anything in its path at a rate of 600 yards per hour.
Additionally, a lava fountain rising out of the crack in the Earth was spraying more than 200 feet into the air, and multiple secondary fountains reached 60 feet.
The USGS reported the fiery springs have caused sharp, thin strands of volcanic glass fibers called "Pele's hair" to fall from the sky throughout the Leilani Estates and Pahoa region. The dangerous fibers — named after Hawaiian fire and volcano goddess Pele — are produced when lava splatter droplets cools rapidly in the air and can cause skin and eye irritation similar to volcanic ash.
Officials are urging people to steer clear of tiny and abrasive particles of glass.
Meanwhile, Hawaii County Civil Defense scrambled to get residents out of Kapoho, a neighborhood north of Leilani Estates, before they became trapped by advancing lava.
"You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road near Four Corners," the USGS warned Wednesday.
Volcanic gas emissions, consisting of sulfuric dioxide also remained "very high" and the weather exacerbated the poor air quality. Wind conditions in the coming days means "vog" — volcanic gas mixed with ash — is expected to spread over the island, according to the USGS.
Hawaii Public Radio reported about 22 fissures have torn open the ground and at least 40 homes have been wrecked since May 3. More than 2,000 acres of land have been smothered by lava and about 200 people are staying in emergency shelters.
The most recent map of lava flows can be found here.
The agency has been updating the public, disseminating vital safety information and responding to questions over Twitter since early May but on Tuesday, officials took some time to respond to an odd query: Jay Furr wanted to know, "Is it safe to roast marshmallows over volcanic vents? Assuming you had a long enough stick, that is? Or would the resulting marshmallows be poisonous?"
"Erm...we're going to have to say no, that's not safe. (Please don't try!)," replied the USGS before delivering a little science. "If the vent is emitting a lot of SO2 or H2S, they would taste BAD. And if you add sulfuric acid (in vog, for example) to sugar, you get a pretty spectacular reaction."
The good sports at the USGS chose not to specify exactly what happens when sulfuric acid and sugar are mixed, but many others on the Internet have and you can see them here.
The future of Malawian Airlines looks cloudy as its major partner, Ethiopian Airlines, has gone into an agreement with Zambian government to operate a joint venture, a move business experts fear could shrink air spaces for the Malawi entity.
The signing of the agreement between Ethiopian Airlines and Zambia Airways took place last month.
The development can have huge repercussions for Malawi since some destinations might have to be reviewed or shared, which could shrink the financial earnings for Malawian Airlines.
This would throw off balance efforts of revamping the airline, bearing in mind the tough economic situation prevailing in the country at the moment.
Malawian Airlines flies to Zambia, South Africa, Zimbabwe and Tanzania besides operating domestic flights.
Since the agreement between Malawian Airlines and Ethiopian Airlines was sealed in 2013 and is expected to end in 2023, no new aeroplane has been bought for the local carrier as the airline is just flying rebranded aircraft, previously used by Ethiopian airlines.
Ethiopian Airlines had reportedly pumped in K 6.9 billion in Malawian Airlines at the time of sealing the agreement with Lilongwe.
Nyasulu says the fact that Lusaka is building a big airport and already services more flights compared to Malawi offers a lucrative business appeal to Ethiopian Airlines.
He further pointed out that the Malawi market is small and an expensive place to operate flights.
“Ethiopian Airlines might be trying to consolidate their grip on Southern Africa region. The
Zambia agreement might pull more passengers into Lusaka and fly them to major airports such as Dubai,” Nyasulu said.
Ethiopian Airlines officials were yet to respond to our questionnaire on the development.
In a telephone interview, Public Private Partnership – PPP Chief Executive Officer, Jimmy Lipunga, said the agreement does not in any way affect the partnership Malawi made with Ethiopian Airlines.
When quizzed further, Lipunga only said Ethiopian Airlines are best placed to respond.
“As PPP, all we know is the agreement with Ethiopians Airlines is still intact. They remain shareholders and that commitment continues. They are delivering the commitment, and as far as we are concerned, the agreement will not change,”
Lipunga said.
And commenting on the 31 percent shareholding that was reserved for Malawi government to float so that willing Malawians could buy a stake, Lipunga explained that at the time of forming the Airline, the Malawi Government had 51 percent of the shares as a requirement in any aviation Industry where Aviation traffic rights are owned by government.
He admitted that Malawi government was indeed supposed to offload 31 percent shares to local people but on condition that the airline is making profit.
He said as of now they cannot advise government to sale shares when the airline is not making any profit He cited examples of the challenges facing some major airlines in Kenya and South Africa, to the extent that they are now demanding their governments' support.
“Airline business is so complex. You can't expect Malawian Airlines to make a huge profit while big airlines are facing a lot of challenges.
As PPP Commission, we cannot motivate government on the sale of shares in an environment that is not yet ready to sustain that decision because the decision to offload shares to Malawians is an empowerment decision. If the aviation sector is not stable, it will be totally irresponsible for PPPC to try to push government to offload shares to Malawians. That would mean that we are transferring a burden to Malawians,” Lipunga said.
Source link
oneAudience, a first-party mobile data provider that specializes in mobile app usage data, confirmed ahead of the weekend an integration with Adobe Audience Manager, part of Adobe Analytics Cloud.
The mobile audiences now available in the Adobe Audience Manager marketplace enables revenue-driven marketers to leverage mobile insights across all major industries such as automotive, consumer packaged goods, financial services, healthcare and retail.
As a Premier level partner in the Adobe Exchange partner program, oneAudience enhances brand and agency audience data by understanding consumers at the individual level through their mobile device behaviors and app usage, providing audience attributes and segmentation for increased consumer engagement, brand awareness and sales.
“The combined power of oneAudience and Adobe Audience Manager enables marketers to gain additional mobile insights by layering together their data and our mobile-first audiences,” said Ari Saposh, VP of Data at oneAudience. “Our mobile-first collection methodology captures behaviors and insights, such as what apps an individual is downloading or using, to enable a better understanding of today's on-the-go consumers.”
According to the formal announcement, mobile is hailed as being the most personal, relevant channel used by consumers. According to Facebook, over 88 percent of its revenue was driven by mobile alone – a number that is increasing year over year.
“The combination of Adobe and oneAudience gives brands and agencies access to additional mobile insights, such as data on apps consumers are downloading and using,” said Cody Crnkovich, head of platform partners and strategy at Adobe. “Joint customers can now leverage the unique mobile ID management capabilities in Adobe Audience Manager and the mobile data from oneAudience to help maximize reach and relevance.”
Having oneAudience mobile audiences available in Adobe Audience Manager marketplace lets marketers “apply real-time mobile insights and build truly personalized campaigns,” the emailed statement concludes.
What We Know So Far In NYC Subway Blast Authorities are investigating what led a suspect to take an explosive device into an underground passageway Monday. NPR's Steve Inskeep talks to Kate Hinds, a reporter with member station WNYC.
By Whitney Webb
October 06, 2017 “Information Clearing House” – Last year, a Reuters article brought renewed scrutiny to the budgeting practices of the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD), specifically the U.S. Army, after it was revealed that the department had “lost” $6.5 trillion in 2015 due to “wrongful budget adjustments.” Nearly half of that massive sum, $2.8 trillion, was lost in just one quarter. Reuters noted that the Army “lacked the receipts and invoices to support those numbers [the adjustments] or simply made them up” in order to “create an illusion that its books are balanced.”
Officially, the DOD has acknowledged that its financial statements for 2015 were “materially misstated.” However, this was hardly the first time the department had been caught falsifying its accounting or the first time the department had mishandled massive sums of taxpayer money.
The cumulative effect of this mishandling of funds is the subject of a new report authored by Dr. Mark Skidmore, a professor of economics at Michigan State University, and Catherine Austin Fitts, former assistant secretary of housing.
Their findings are shocking.
“Losing” the equivalent of the national debt
The report, which examined in great detail the budgets of both the DOD and the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), found that between 1998 and 2015 these two departments alone lost over $21 trillion in taxpayer funds. The funds lost were a direct result of “unsupported journal voucher adjustments” made to the departments' budgets.
According to the Office of the Comptroller, “unsupported journal voucher adjustments” are defined as “summary-level accounting adjustments made when balances between systems cannot be reconciled. Often these journal vouchers are unsupported, meaning they lack supporting documentation to justify the adjustment [receipts, etc.] or are not tied to specific accounting transactions.” The report notes that, in both the private and public sectors, the presence of such adjustments is considered “a red flag” for potential fraud.
The amount of money lost is truly staggering. As co-author Fitts noted in an interview with the USA Watchdog, the amount unaccounted for over this 17-year period amounts to “$65,000 for every man, woman and child resident in America.” By comparison, the cost per taxpayer of all U.S. wars waged since 9/11 has been $7,500 per taxpayer. The sum is also enough to cover the entire U.S. national debt, which broke $20 trillionless than a month ago, and still have funds left over.
What's more, the actual amount of funds lost — measured at $21 trillion – is likely to be much higher, as the researchers were unable to recover data for every year over the period, meaning the assessment is incomplete.
Best way to avoid finding is not to look
While the sheer amount of money lost is shocking enough, also troubling is the fact that such fraudulent behavior on the part of DOD and HUD has been accepted by the federal government for years. In fact, Reutersnotes that the Defense Finance and Accounting Services (DFAS) refers to the preparation of the Army's year-end statements as “the grand plug” — where “plug” is accounting jargon for the insertion of made-up numbers. In addition, in 2015, DFAS was unable to accurately put together the year-end statements for the department, as more than 16,000 financial data files had been erased from its computer system.
Furthermore, the Department of Defense has, unlike other government departments, not been subjected to annual audits and had merely been “hoping” to successfully meet the requirements for an audit by the end of September 2017. This deadline was not met — a failure that the Government Accountability Office (GAO) foreshadowed back in 2011, based on the fact that the military has not been able to implement a standardized system allowing it to know how much money it has and where it is going.
The GAO has raised the alarm on this issue for over 25 years, but its concern has continually fallen on deaf ears.
A likely reason for the lack of oversight, despite the well-known nature of the department's grave accounting problems, is the fact that weapons manufacturers and government contractors are the largest beneficiaries of DOD budgeting errors and waste. Given those weapon manufacturers alone spent nearly $30 million on donations to political campaigns last year, Congress and much of the federal government are likely unwilling to bite the hand that feeds – even if it means ignoring massive and systemic fraud.
Read the Summary Report on [DOD, HUD] Unsupported Journal Voucher Adjustments
This article was originally published by Mint Press –
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/47963.htm
Pretty much the definition of 'no frills', DeepBurner Free has the basics covered, but nothing more.
Disc burning was once something of a novelty, and the software needed to do it was expensive.
DeepBurner Free Where to download: https://www.deepburner.com/index.php?r=download Type: Disc burning software Developer: Astonsoft Operating system: Windows Version: 1.9
We've now reached the point that basic disc burning is built into Windows, and there are plenty of free tools available to take care of more advantage burning jobs. One such tool is DeepBurner Free, but it's worth noting that while there is a free version of the program, there is also one you need to pay for – the latter obviously having more features.
So what are you missing out on with the free version of DeepBurner? Disc-to-disc copying, video DVD creation, backup, photo album burning, burning from the command line, and the drive and media restoration/information utility. What this mean is that you're left with the ability to burn data CDs and DVDs, audio CDs, and to work with ISO images – burning and creation.
There really are very few extras here. You can use DeepBurner Free to create disc labels if you want, and there's the option to create a custom autorun menu for the CDs and DVDs you burn, but the emphasis is on creating audio and data discs with as little fuss as possible.
User experience
DeepBurner Free's interface is uncomplicated, if a little dated-looking, and it gets the job done.
However, despite the relative simplicity of DeepBurner Free, some previous experience of disc burning is required as there's no explanation of setting such as disc-at-once vs track-at-once burning, nor what the implication of a multi-session disc are. To find out, you'll need to into the online help, which is far better than the installed help file.
There's no context menu integration, which is a shame, and that means you'll have to use the DeepBurner Free's main program window no matter what you want to do.
The competition
Paul Manafort, Rick Gates Back In Court For Bail Negotiations Donald Trump's former campaign chairman Paul Manafort and a former top aide Rick Gates were in court again on Monday to negotiate a bail agreement. The two have been confined to their homes since pleading not guilty to charges stemming from the Russia investigation.
Chris Long: "I'm not the first guy to donate a lot of money to a cause." | 1:11
Eagles Chris Long is the recipent of the 2018 Byron “Whizzer” White Community MVP Award. Jerry Habraken / The News Journal
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Southampton have today announced that there has been a change to their ownership structure, but insisted that it will be business as usual on the south coast.
Saints owner Katharina Liebherr confirmed that a deal with Chinese father-daughter duo Jisheng Gao and Nelly Gao has been completed, with reports claiming the pair will take an 80 per cent stake in the club worth £230million, report the Liverpool Echo .
But despite this change at the top at St Mary's, Swiss owner Liebherr insists Ralph Krueger and the management team, which includes Les Reed who is a key player in their transfer negotiations, retains full trust of both herself and the Gao familiy.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: SFC/Digital South)
That seems to dampen hopes of boardroom instability at St Mary's surrounding the investment, which could have aided Liverpool's pursuit of Virgil van Dijk.
Southampton had threatened to report the Reds to the Premier League over the summer because of an alleged illegal approach to their Dutch defender.
Liverpool remain keen to sign van Dijk and are waiting for an indication Southampton are willing to sell.
The Saints insist van Dijk is not for sale despite the player's transfer request last week.
(Image: Getty)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In a statement announcing the deal, Liebherr also reiterated the club's intention to build, rather than dismantle, the current side.
“I am pleased to confirm that talks to bring in a new partner to our club have been concluded,” it reads.
“Following extensive and fruitful work, we are entering into a partnership with the Gao family and I am excited about what we will achieve together.
“Today is the start of a new and exciting chapter for our club. Mr Jisheng Gao and his daughter, Mrs Nelly Gao, with whom I have built a close relationship, share our values and ambitions.
(Image: Stephen Pond/Getty Images)
“As a team, we will strive to build upon the strong foundation that is in place towards sustainable long-term success.
“Mr Gao, Nelly and I have full trust in Ralph Krueger and his management team. We wholeheartedly support their plans to follow the Southampton Way in the years ahead.
“But for now it is business as usual at Southampton Football Club and we must allow everyone at the club to focus on the first few weeks of the new season.
“I would like to thank the passionate supporters of the club for their ongoing loyalty and faith, and I look forward to seeing you soon at St Mary's.”
The Perils Of Public Art In Rhode Island The mayor of North Providence called a building a health hazard. The owner responded by having a mural painted on the building. It shows the mayor wearing a crown, sitting on his throne: a toilet.
COLONIAL BEACH, Va. - Police are asking for help to find a missing 19-year-old Virginia woman.
Kallie Jefferson was last seen in Colonial Beach, Virginia around 11 a.m. Monday. Her last cellphone activity was along Menokin Road in Warsaw, Virginia.
Jefferson may be driving a white Ford Fiesta with Virginia license plate VXH-9912.
Jefferson is 5'5" and approximately 145 lbs. She has a tattoo on her wrist, a tree of life on her foot, roses on her upper thigh, and a heart on her stomach.
Anyone with information should contact CBPD Sergeant Toni Morgans at tmorgans@colonialbeachva.net and/or the Westmoreland County Sheriff's Office at (804) 493 - 8066.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Sherwood Park-Fort Saskatchewan MP Garnett Genuis introduced his first Private Member's Bill to Parliament last week.
Introduced on April 10, the bill surrounds the topic of involuntary organ harvesting and deals with major human rights concerns, particularly in countries such as China, where members of minority faiths, such as Falun Gong, and incarcerated individuals have had organs forcibly removed for donation.
“It is a huge problem, and this bill addresses Canadian law. It makes it a criminal offense for a Canadian to receive an organ in another country for which there is not consent,” Genuis said, adding the bill renders foreign nationals who have been involved with organ harvesting inadmissible to Canada.
However, Genuis noted the bill does enable Canadians to receive legal organ donations from other countries, permitting there is a paper trail associated with how the organ was acquired. Currently, there is no Canadian law regarding acquiring an involuntarily harvested organ from another country.
“It deals with an important issue of human life and human dignity, it addresses a clear gap in Canadian law, it is substantive, it will likely have a real impact on people's lives. It is the kind of legislation that Canada can use to set an example and encourage other countries to do the same thing,” he said.
Genuis said the bill is a cross-party initiative, as the same bill was proposed in the last parliament by retired Liberal MP Irwin Cotler.
“I am certainly giving him full credit for his work on it, but now that he is no longer a Member of Parliament, the work needs to continue,” Genuis said.
Additionally, former MP David Kilgour, who at separate times in his career has sat with both the red and blue, collaborated with Genuis on the creation of the bill.
Kilgour has worked extensively researching involuntary organ harvesting in China, publishing the Kilgour-Matas report in 2006 alongside human rights lawyer David Matas.
Although initially difficult to prove outright that the Chinese government was persecuting members of the Falun Gong, criminals and other minority groups and harvesting their organs, the report cites a variety of evidence supporting the allegation.
For instance, the report noted that wait-times for organ donation in China, according to the China International Transplantation Assistant Centre, the Oriental Organ Transplant Centre, and the Changzheng Hospital in Shanghai's website, is a matter of one to two weeks.
Contrarily, at the time of writing, the report states that in 2003, the average wait time in Canada for a kidney was 32.5 months.
Additionally, the report cites a variety of first- and second-hand witness accounts regarding organ harvesting, ranging from family members of individuals who were incarcerated for practising Falun Gong noticing surgical scars on the bodies of deceased loved ones, admissions from doctors from seven hospitals, two detention centres and two public courts — obtained from a third-party posing as a individual interested in acquiring an organ — and accounts from past prison detainees stating they had received extensive physical examinations, including X-rays and various blood tests.
“The other thing is, (the bill) is very important at this point in time, when the government is talking about trying to deepen our relationship with China, that we be very clear about human rights issues,” Genuis said.
He added that China is a rising world power, but one with a government that is ideologically very different from Canada.
“There are issues around human rights, issues around the environment, issues around intellectual property, issues around industrial espionage, and how that can happen when you have a closer relationship,” he said. “So there are a lot of these concerns and risks that are out there, and this is dealing with one dimension of that relationship.”
scomber@postmedia.com
twitter.com/SarahComber
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal will face Ostersund and their English manager Graham Potter in the last 32 of the Europa League.
Monday's draw paired Arsene Wenger's men with the Swedish side, who is a former York defender Potter has taken from the fourth division to the top-ranked Allsvenskan in six years.
The 42-year-old has earned comparisons with Roy Hodgson - who himself managed in Scandinavia in his formative years - and this will be his first clash against English opposition.
The draw also saw Celtic come out against Zenit St Peterburg.
The complete schedule will be released shortly...
St. Moritz: Olympic gold medallist Lindsey Vonn is warning young athletes in next year`s Pyeongchang winter Olympic Games not to underestimate the older competitors.
Vonn, who won gold in the downhill skiing at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, broke a bone in her arm last year but is training hard for Pyeongchang. She missed the Olympic Games in Sochi through injury.
"I have been anxiously awaiting these Olympic for the last eight years. I have been training especially hard this summer, you know really trying to make sure I don`t miss anything from my diet to my travel and of course my workouts, my skiing, everything I have done has been in preparation for these Olympics so right now I am trying to stay healthy going in," she said.
"So far it`s not going very well but I feel that I am saving all of my luck for February and hopefully everything will work out how it is supposed to."
Acting as an ambassador for the 2020 Youth Olympic Games, Vonn met younger athletes, aged 14 to 18, in Lausanne on Sunday.
She said that young competitors at the Olympic Games should know the older athletes knew how to handle the pressure and had more experience of the sport.
"Most of the time younger athletes, I mean I was the same, underestimate the older athletes but the one thing I have is experience. I know how to handle the pressure and I just know a lot about the sport."
Vonn has four World Cup overall titles in addition to gold and bronze Olympic medals.
She said the Olympic spirit was very important to her and she thought it was a great experience for the young athletes to meet others from different countries and cultures. She is taking the role of ambassador for the Youth Olympic Games for the third time.
"Well I think the Olympic spirit is something very important and I wish that I had had these Olympic Games when I was growing up. I think it is a great experience for the kids to meet other kids from different countries, different cultures. There is so much learning involved with all of these Olympic Games programmes and I think it is very important. So I am proud to be an ambassador and I think Lausanne 2020 is going to be amazing."
The meeting took place in St Moritz where luge, skeleton, bobsled and speed skating events for the Youth Games will be held.
Kim Kardashian West will meet with officials, including senior adviser Jared Kushner, at the White House on Wednesday to discuss prison reform, a person familiar with the plans says.
It's not clear if Kardashian West will meet with President Donald Trump.
The entrepreneur and reality television star has advocated for a pardon for a low-level drug offender named Alice Marie Johnson, who has served more than 20 years in prison.
Prison reform has been a key issue for Kushner. Earlier this month, the White House-backed First Step Act, which would expand programs for prisoners and allow for more home confinement, was approved by the House Judiciary Committee.
Kardashian West has said she supported Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election, but her husband, Kanye West, has signaled his support for Trump.
In 2016, West met with the President-elect at Trump Tower in New York. And last month, after releasing a photograph wearing a “Make America Great Again” cap, West released a song defending his praise of the President.
Kardashian West's White House visit was earlier reported by Vanity Fair.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Jessica Kuruthukulangara: Lenovo Group Ltd is looking to make smart wearables in India and raise its share of the local market by three-fold, in a plan that will help boost Prime Minister Narendra Modi's scheme to promote the country an electronics manufacturing hub.
The company is targeting to corner by this year a 20 percent share of India's market for wearables, such as smartwatches and fitness bands, Sebastian Peng, head of accessories at Lenovo Mobile Business Group, told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday.
Since the firm started selling its wearables in India last year, the company has achieved 6-7 percent of the market share of smart wearables in the country, he said.
The company is now planning to start manufacturing in India, where the smart wearables market is expected to grow 30-40 percent this year, Peng added. Lenovo currently makes its wearable products in China.
“We have started talks with local manufacturers to start manufacturing within the country. We're trying to start these operations some time this year,” Peng said over the phone from New Delhi, where he is attending a product launch.
Lenovo has already partnered with homegrown e-commerce firm Flipkart to sell wearables on its platform, said Naveen Bajaj, India head at Shenzhen Aodishi Technology, which is Lenovo's authorized overseas accessories distributor.
Lenovo, which also makes products ranging from smartphones to laptops, will expand its wearable offerings on other e-commerce portals, such as Amazon.com.
The company will push to establish a physical retail network as well, starting with major Indian cities.
“Smart wearables is the key category we're trying to push for this year. We are very confident that we can achieve our target,” Peng said.
India's wearables market was worth $157 million in 2017, according to International Data Corporation. Other wearable sellers in the country include Xiaomi Technology , Huawei and Fitbit.
Once local manufacturing kicks off, Peng said the company would consider India as an export hub for wearables.
Lenovo already sells its HW02 fitness band and HX03W cardio smartband in India through its retail outlets and e-commerce platforms.—Reuters
U23 Finn World Championship – Preview
U23 Finn World Championship © Robert Deaves U23 Finn World Championship © Robert Deaves
by Robert Deaves today at 12:31 pmKasüske, from Berlin, comes from a tight group of young German Finn sailors that first emerged in 2014 and have gradually progressed each year. He missed selection for Rio 2016 but was close enough to know he was on the right path if he wanted to qualify for Tokyo in 2020.“Last year I was on very good run. After a tenth place at the Finn Gold Cup and winning at Kieler Woche, I felt pretty confident about the Silver Cup. I had very good speed and that, together with high confidence, makes sailing very easy.”
After the successful 2016 season he took on a new challenge as the wing trimmer for SVB Team Germany in the Red Bull Youth America's Cup.
“As soon as the Notice of Race for the Red Bull Youth AC was published, we [Max and Paul Kohlhoff and Kasüske] sat together and started making plans. We organised everything by ourselves, so that was a very big job to pull off.”
Max Kohlhoff is arguably Kasüske's biggest rival for the German Olympic Finn berth. Kohlhoff is a year older, and finished sixth in last year's U23 Finn Worlds after an up and down week that left him counting a DSQ.
“Sailing with Max as my skipper had its ups and downs. Having his younger brother, Paul, on the helm didn't make it easier. But we found ways to make it work and in the end we did a really good job.”
The team made it into the eight boat final.
“A big lesson I learned was about sailing in a team. Leading a team and really working together was not easy in the beginning and we surely made mistakes, but there are a lot of things I will take forward for my Finn campaign.”
“Just being part of the America's Cup, meeting the sailors, getting some insights behind the scenes, and just watching them work and sail on the highest level was a huge experience. That really gave me some good motivation to try to step up my game and the way I sail and work.”
But now the focus turns to the Finn U23 Worlds, and at 23 years old, his last. Next year he will be too old.
“This year I'm trying to defend the title, but not having sailed the Finn as much as the others during the season it is going to be a very hard task.”
“My time in the Finn was limited by our Youth America's Cup Campaign. Planning, organising and training for the Cup took alot time and concentration away from my Finn sailing. I also had to lose 10 kg of weight because of the crew-weight limit rules and I'm still working on rebuilding myself and gaining weight. I will still sail on different boats from time to time, but the Finn will be the number one priority for the next years.”
“The main focus now is Tokyo 2020. Next year's big challenge will be to secure a place for Germany at the Olympics at the 2018 Sailing World Championships in Aarhus.Then of course there is the national selection to win and make it to the Games.”
“The goal for the next years is to work myself into the top 10 Finn sailors, so I have a chance for a medal at upcoming World Championships and the Olympics.”
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/156416
With more volts than ever before in electric vehicles (EVs) and on solar-paneled rooftops, first responder and electrical worker safety is a growing concern. Researchers at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) are addressing the challenge with the development of a probe to accurately detect direct-current (DC) energy.
The DC "Hot Stick" probe designed under the sponsorship of the U.S. Fire Administration, a division of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, not only detects DC voltage, but also ensures that the probe is properly tapped into the electrical lines being tested. The latter is essential because false negatives may be obtained if a meter is not making proper contact, noted ORNL lead scientist Bruce Warmack of the Electrical and Electronics Systems Research Division.
Exposure to these high voltages is increasingly commonplace as technologies such as hybrid cars, EVs and solar panel arrays, all of which contain large amounts of DC power, are adopted by a growing number of consumers. EVs, for instance, may carry as much as 400-600 volts, Warmack said. Battery packs are typically situated in the rear of EVs, with electrical cables running to the controller up front and to other devices.
"If you can imagine in an accident, a vehicle may be splayed open, and first responders need to know whether the car is carrying a charge before they can even touch it, much less cut through cables and extract a victim," Warmack said. "That much voltage is potentially lethal and can cause arc flash hazards or trigger explosions."
Similarly, installers and other technicians working on solar panel arrays need protection as well. Those installations can carry several hundred volts, Warmack noted.
The patent-pending probe that Warmack and his colleagues at ORNL created is designed to penetrate cable insulation and make proven contact with a conductor. The probe then indicates whether a cable is fully discharged of energy.
Making that contact is important. In preliminary work on the project, ORNL researcher Roger Kisner suggested a probe tip verification system that would ensure direct, galvanic contact was made.
One of the challenges for the project was dealing with DC voltage, which is more difficult than AC to work with, Warmack said. "In certain cases you can get electrical fields from DC, but it is easily interfered with by plastics and other kinds of materials. It's more or less a science experiment to find DC unless you make direct contact with the conductor using a voltmeter," he added.
The scientists created a device similar in appearance to most existing AC probes and familiar to first responders. In fact, the DC probe can be designed to slip onto the end of an AC probe, and its functionality is quite simple. A green light indicates proper contact, and if voltage is detected, a red light is illuminated.
The prototype is already being tested on a first responder vehicle in Frederick County, Maryland, Warmack noted. The Fire Administration has provided positive feedback so far, he said.
"The probe would give a firefighter or other first responder assurance very quickly that the conductor is either not charged or needs to be handled with care," Warmack said. "Our probe makes sure that an emergency worker or electrician has made contact and isn't just hitting air or a piece of plastic. There's really no tool that does this as effectively. This technology can save lives."
ORNL engineer Nance Ericson, who designed the circuits for the probe, noted that while the system was designed for electric vehicles and solar panels, it could also be used to make measurements in a variety of settings. The circuit he developed can detect the presence of both AC and DC energy -- or can ensure that there is no stored energy present--a feature not available in existing electrical instruments.
"We see this technology extending well beyond the first responder community and improving the safety of electrical measurements in a wide variety of applications ranging from industrial power to home appliance repair," Ericson said.
Going forward, Warmack and his colleagues envision the development of more probes to test across the country, as well as versions to check for DC voltage on smaller gauge wires found in other electrical systems. Future work could also see the addition of a microcontroller to the probe to give a digital readout, and to capture and process data.
###
ORNL is managed by UT-Battelle for DOE's Office of Science, the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States. DOE's Office of Science is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit science.energy.gov.
(WTNH) — Zero Waste Chef Max La Manna whips up a no-bake chocolate dipped strawberry and peppermint macaroons. This gluten free, vegan treat is a perfect way to sweeten up the holidays.
Ingredients:
1/2 cup of dehydrated strawberries
1 peppermint spring, chopped finely.
1 1/2 cups of unsweetened shredded coconut
2/3 cup of coconut cream (just the thick part from the top of the can of coconut milk)
2 tbsp of coconut oil, melted
1/4 cup of maple syrup
1 tsp of vanilla extract
4 oz dark chocolate, melted
Instructions:
Cut strawberries in half and larger ones into quarters. Arrange strawberries on a baking sheet – cut sides up – make sure no strawberries are touching. Place strawberries into oven and dry them at 200 F for 3 hours – you may need to rotate your baking sheet periodically, so heat is evenly distributed. Remove strawberries from baking sheet and let them cool off Crush dried strawberries into powder – set aside. In a large bowl, combine the shredded coconut, coconut oil and coconut cream, maple syrup and vanilla extract and mix well before adding the dehydrated strawberries along with the finely chopped mint leaves and continue to mix. Use a small cookie scoop to create scoops with the coconut mixture and place on a baking sheet with parchment paper. Next, place them into the fridge for a few minutes to harden and once they firm up, dip the bottom into your chocolate mixture and them return back to the baking sheet and back into the fridge for cooling. Store leftover in fridge and enjoy!
Max La Manna now lives in New York City, but is a Connecticut native from Waterbury. His passion for cooking began at a young age, and he feels right at home in the kitchen. For more of Max's dishes, follow him on Instagram: eatingwithmax.
/
A conservative Republican senator from Colorado has wrung a big concession from the administration to protect his state's booming cannabis business.
April 24, 2018 4 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
It's been an April to remember for the legal marijuana industry in the United States.
First came the news that former marijuana opponent John Boehner, the former Speaker of the House, had joined the board of Acreage Holdings, one of the largest cannabis companies in the United States.
Now President Donald Trump has reportedly assured U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner of Colorado that he will support protection of states that have legalized marijuana from federal interference.
But Trump apparently went beyond even that. In January, Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to rescind the Cole Memo -- an Obama-era Justice Department memo that essentially protected states that have legalized marijuana from federal interference -- caused concern in the cannabis industry that a crackdown could happen.
According to Gardner, Trump told him that will not be the case. He then went one step beyond that, saying he plans to support changes at the federal level that will strengthen state's rights.
Related: Where to Find Funding for a Cannabis Business
All this is based on a statement Gardner released on his website, in which he said, “I received a commitment from the president that the Department of Justice's rescission of the Cole memo will not impact Colorado's legal marijuana industry. Furthermore, President Trump has assured me that he will support a federalism-based legislative solution to fix this states' rights issue once and for all.”
The White House later confirmed the accuracy of Gardner's statement.
Art of the Marijuana Deal
Apparently, all of this -- which seemed unlikely just months ago -- happened because of Sessions' decision to rescind the memo.
In reaction to Sessions' action, Gardner has since held up 20 of the Trump Administration's nominations to the Department of Justice. Gardner said he would stop blocking nominees “based on these commitments” he received from Trump that Colorado's marijuana industry is not in jeopardy.
While not straightforward, it's one of the first signs from the Trump Administration that it won't crack down on legal marijuana states.
Sessions position is well known. Up until this month, Trump had remained largely silent on the marijuana. Marc Short, the legislative affairs director for the White House, told the Washington Post the administration was “reluctant to reward” Gardner's maneuvering.
“But at the same time, we're anxious to get our team at the Department of Justice," Short said. He also went on to say that Trump “does respect Colorado's right to decide for themselves how to best approach this issue."
That last part is likely what marijuana industry entrepreneurs will most pay attention to.
Related: Marijuana Edibles Make the List of Top 10 Food Trends This Year
Challenges Ahead
Trump's assurances to Gardner, coupled with the Boehner decision, has created yet another buzz in many places about marijuana moving into the mainstream and the challenges it still faces.
One good example is from NPR. While making the point that Boehner certainly did well politically in opposing marijuana, the article also notes that his decision to join the Acreage Holdings board signals a shift.
His decision “comes in time to help people who see cannabis as a promising business opportunity,” the article states. However, it also points out that minorities continue to get arrested for marijuana in disproportionate numbers and could get shut out of the legal marijuana industry.
To stay up to date on the latest marijuana related news make sure to like dispensaries.com on Facebook
KANE Elgey is fighting for his NRL future after Titans coach Garth Brennan axed the out-of-form five-eighth in favour of Bryce Cartwright.
Elgey will play for Tweed Heads in the Intrust Super Cup on Saturday while Cartwright wears the Gold Coast's No. 6 jersey against Cronulla at Cbus Super Stadium.
Brennan's patience with the defensively suspect Elgey expired following the Gold Coast's 26-14 loss to North Queensland.
Elgey was exposed on the left edge and while Cartwright is no perfect defender, Brennan has shaken up his squad in the hope of avoiding a third straight defeat.
Elgey, 24, is off-contract at season's end and facing an uncertain future, with the Titans yet to offer the former under-20s star a new deal.
Brennan was adamant Elgey could fight his way back into the NRL and this was not the end of his 42-game career on the Gold Coast.
"He is still part of my plans for this year," he said.
"This doesn't jeopardise anything. It's up to Kane to work on the areas I think he needs to work on.
"Kane's a fantastic young man. He is a quality person. I'm really looking forward to the day I can bring him back into the side.
"I'm sure that will be at some stage. How long that will be is up to how hard Kane wants to work.
"He understands the areas he needs to work on, mainly defensively and taking more control of the team.
"He was disappointed but understood it. He didn't argue or question it. He understood his form wasn't where it needed to be.
"I'm confident Kane can bounce back. He's only young. I'm counting on him coming back into the team at some stage."
Elgey has had a rollercoaster NRL career.
After winning the NYC under-20s player of the year award in 2014, Elgey made his NRL debut in 2015 and was sensational in 16 games.
A knee reconstruction saw him miss the entire 2016 season before he had a year to forget in 2017, winning just three of the 19 matches he played.
Brennan put his faith in Elgey and halfback Ash Taylor forming a winning combination this season, but the five-eighth's inconsistency and poor defence has seen him axed after seven rounds.
Elgey has struggled so far this season.
Cartwright has been open about his preference to play in the back-row, however Brennan said the former Panther's best performances had been at five-eighth.
"If you go back to the best football Bryce Cartwright played, it was in 2016 and he was playing five-eighth," he said.
"It's not a position that's foreign to him. He's played his best football in the NRL at six.
"He has made it clear it's not his preferred position, but it's about the team being first.
"I'm excited Bryce is there. We're going to work really hard to get Kane back up in that six position but I'm more than confident Bryce will do the job while that's happening."
Brennan also axed winger Tyronne Roberts-Davis and promoted Knights recruit Brendan Elliot for his first NRL appearance for the Titans.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters on Wednesday that President Trump‘s tweet about the cancellation of the Roseanne show after a racists tweet by its star, Roseanne Barr, was not meant to defend Barr, but to highlight “bias” by the media. Rough Cut (no reporter narration)
Oscar nominations for the 90th annual awards were announced on Tuesday morning from the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills, Calif.Academy President John Bailey was joined by Tiffany Haddish and Andy Serkis to reveal the nominees in 24 categories.The Academy Awards — hosted by Jimmy Kimmel for the second time — will air live on ABC…… More
As the Chicago area enters the final hours of early voting, turnout in the city and suburbs has been up according to election officials.If that is any indication, it could be a busy day at the polls Tuesday for Illinois's primary election.Early voting numbers in Cook and all collar counties have been higher than last election, especially Lake County. But election officials said that's only a reflection on people who have made up their minds, or like the convenience.Early voting in Cook County is expected to hit 100,000 voters Monday, big numbers compared to elections four and eight years ago. Hotly contested races are bringing people to the polls early, but not all voters."I don't know where the millennials are. So millennials, please come out and vote," said Marisel Hernandez, chairwoman of the Chicago Board of Elections.The city and country said most of the early voters are 45 and older, and the majority are female and Democrats. High school teacher Betsy Serilla used early voting as a field trip, encourage her first-time-voter students to exercise their right."When it comes to the electoral process, I've explained to them it's their only chance to have a voice on record on who gets elected," she said."It felt good, like I felt like I've established I'm old enough to actually make a decision on who I want," said first time voter Cierra Holmes.The students hope to encourage other young people to vote by posting pictures of their "I voted" bands on social media.The convenience of voting before Election Day and the governor's race is what brought 26-year-old Rebecca Sutich to the polls Monday."I think just knowing that there are a lot of highly-contested elections going on right now, and it's more important than ever, I think, to go out and vote," she said.Election boards are expecting some races to be very tight; they may come down to mail and provisional ballots. Cook County is also keeping a close eye on potential fraud or hacking."We know that the hackers are out there, we work with Homeland Security and the FBI almost every day, in fact they'll be here on Election Day," said Cook County Clerk David Orr.Orr said there will be plenty of attorneys on site monitoring the elections as well. Early voting ends at 7 p.m. Monday. Regular voting at precinct polling places starts at 6 a.m. Tuesday, and polls close at 7 p.m.
From Harford County government:
Harford County Executive Barry Glassman is pleased to announce that 28 local nonprofits will receive more than $1.5 million in fiscal year 2019 to plan and implement tourism-related activities including historical, cultural, agricultural, heritage, and eco-tourism operations. Now in its fourth consecutive year, Harford County's competitive award program is funded by the hotel/lodging fee initiated by the Glassman administration in March 2015. The program stimulates local economic activity and strengthens attractions enjoyed by tourists and residents alike.
“With revenue generated from visitors to Harford County, our program supports activities that are good for business and improve the quality of life for everyone,” County Executive Glassman said. “I am proud that over the past four years we have directed more than $6 million to our nonprofit museums, arts programs and other attractions that bring people together and make Harford County a great place to be.”
To be eligible for funding, nonprofits must be 501(c)(3) or 501(c)(6) organizations. The Harford County Office of Community & Economic Development (OCED) oversees the competitive funding application process that was open earlier this year from mid-January to mid-April. OCED held two workshops to answer questions from interested organizations and assist with the application process. The workshops focused on three critical criteria that enhanced eligibility: organizations must be in good standing with the state; programs or activities must be able to draw visitors from outside the borders of Harford County, and the extent to which their successful implementation depends on receiving funding.
The Harford County Tourism Advisory Review Committee reviews all applications and makes recommendations to the county executive. Recommendations are made to serve the greatest number of recipients while focusing on organizational accountability and sustainability. This year's funding recipients have been sent a notification letter from County Executive Glassman announcing their award amount. An award package from OCED will follow with guidelines for executing a Memorandum of Agreement, quarterly performance and budget reporting templates, and procedures for receiving funding. Once packet materials are fully executed, funds will be made available after July 1, 2018.
Nonprofit organizations receiving contributions for FY 2019 are listed below:
APG Centennial Celebration Association, Inc. (APG Discovery Center) – $40,000 to execute operational aspects of Phase 1 of the APG Discovery Center planning
Bel Air Downtown Alliance – $45,000 in general operating support for special events in Downtown Bel Air
Bel Air Recreation Committee, Inc. – $8,500 toward marketing efforts for the Bel Air Arts Show
Boys & Girls Clubs of Harford County, Maryland, Inc. – $21,500 for operations and marketing for the Catch A Pig 5K Run and Harford's Hardest 5K
Chesapeake Heritage Conservancy, Inc. – $15,000 to market the Skipjack Martha Lewis
Community Projects of Havre de Grace (The Havre de Grace Colored School Foundation)-$30,000 for operations and marketing for multiple programs
Darlington Apple Festival, Inc. – $25,000 for event operations
Friends of Concord Point Lighthouse, Incorporated – $18,000 for operations and signage
Harford Artists' Association, Inc. – $4,000 for operations
Harford Community College Foundation, Inc. – $35,000 for expanded event marketing
Harford County Farm Fair, Inc. – $45,000 for fair operations
Havre de Grace Alliance, Inc. – $38,000 for operations
Havre de Grace Arts Collective, Inc. – $15,000 for operations and marketing
Havre de Grace Decoy Museum, Inc. – $80,000 for operations and marketing
Havre de Grace Maritime Museum, Inc. – $35,000 for operations
Highland Community Association, Inc. – $50,000 for operations and marketing
Hosanna Community House, Incorporated – $45,000 for operations for multiple events
Maryland Center for the Visual and Performing Arts, Inc. – $50,000 for operations and marketing
Rockfield Foundation, Incorporated – $25,000 for operations, outreach, and signage
Soroptimist International of Havre de Grace, Inc. – $5,000 for the Havre de Grace Arts Show
Steppingstone Museum Association, Inc.- $50,000 for operations and programs
Susquehanna Museum of Havre de Grace, Inc. – $35,000 for Lock House operations
Susquehanna Symphony Orchestra, Inc. – $25,000 for operations and outreach
Susquehannock Wildlife Society, Inc. – $55,000 for operations
The Historical Society of Harford County, Inc. – $40,000 for operations
The Liriodendron Foundation, Inc. – $70,000 for operations and outreach
The Trustees of The Ladew Topiary Gardens, Inc. – $55,000 for operations and outreach
Visit Harford!, Inc. – $595,000 for operations and outreach
Suspect In NYC Blast Was Wearing 'Low-Tech' Device
New York City was rocked Monday by an explosion in the subway beneath the Port Authority. Authorities report a single suspect in custody, and no life-threatening injuries.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
New York state Governor Andrew Cuomo stood this morning outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan. In an underground passageway somewhere beneath Cuomo's feet, a man had set off a homemade suicide vest earlier in the morning.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ANDREW CUOMO: This is New York. The reality is that we are a target by many who would like to make a statement against democracy, against freedom. We have the Statue of Liberty in our harbor, and that makes us an international target. We understand that.
INSKEEP: Cuomo said that an attack like this, on rush-hour in Manhattan, is one of our worst nightmares but that the reality of this particular attack had not turned out as grave as some people might have feared. NPR's Amita Kelly has been on the streets of Manhattan this morning, and she's on the line. Hi, Amita.
AMITA KELLY, BYLINE: Hi, Steve.
INSKEEP: So we just had a news conference. We heard from Cuomo, we heard from the mayor, we heard from the police commissioner and some other people. Let's begin filling in details of what is known to have happened. I guess this starts when?
KELLY: So it started around 7:20 this morning, the incident that happened. Police responded to a report of an explosion. There were lots of conflicting reports around injuries. And one thing we learned from the press conference, there were three minor injuries. So again, as Cuomo said, better than expected, than the response had expected.
INSKEEP: Yeah. I guess he seriously injures himself with this device, the attacker does, but only three other people with minor injuries.
KELLY: Right. And the suspect was reported to have more serious injuries but three minor other than that.
INSKEEP: Impressed that some of the people injured walked themselves to nearby hospitals, so just kind of taking care of themselves. Let's talk about the device that this man had. There was some description of what exactly he was carrying.
KELLY: Right. So this was described as a low-tech device - and the suspect was named during this press conference as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah - a low-tech device based on a pipe bomb which was attached to the suspect with Velcro and zip ties, apparently - so kind of household items. We don't know much more than that. Authorities said that would be part of the investigation. Mayor de Blasio did call it an attempted terrorist attack, though.
INSKEEP: And a reminder of the fuzziness of all information at this point - the police commissioner, I'm pretty sure, did say that he intentionally set off this pipe bomb as opposed to maybe accidentally blowing himself up. But at a later point in the same news conference, I believe another official indicated that there was some lack of clarity about that.
KELLY: Right. And the New York Police Department commissioner, James O'Neill, he was asked if there was any connection to ISIS. He responded that the suspect did make statements. So again, there is some sense maybe of intent, but again, authorities are cautioning that'll come out in the investigation, and they wouldn't say much more than that.
INSKEEP: What do you mean did make statements - you mean immediately before the explosion or some other time?
KELLY: He was asked if he was - made statements in connection to the state - to the explosion.
INSKEEP: In connection to the explosion. And of course, as with many suspects, we're going to find out if there's some kind of trail - is there a social media trail, are there notes that he's written, are there other kinds of electronic or other kinds of communications? And of course, there will be questions about whether this is an individual who was known to the New York City Police Department or the FBI, which has a massive antiterrorism presence in New York City. What...
KELLY: Exactly. So all that's to come.
INSKEEP: Yeah. What other questions are unanswered at this point, Amita?
KELLY: So again, as you're saying, we don't know that much about the suspect. We don't know much more about the device. It also seems that police responded to the explosion. Mayor de Blasio described it as an attempted terrorist attack. So again, there's sort of an illusion that there was a bigger plan in place, but we really don't know what that was and whether it was thwarted or it sort of self-sabotaged.
INSKEEP: And - yeah, we are getting into the area where the maximum care needs to be taken because the motivation for an attack can add to its political meaning or subtract from it, and many people have motivation to jump on what they think the motive is. Amita, thanks very much.
KELLY: Any time.
INSKEEP: That's NPR's Amita Kelly. And let's go out on this story anyway with a little bit more from that news conference. This is New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio just a short time ago.
(SOUNDBITE OF PRESS CONFERENCE)
BILL DE BLASIO: Let's be clear - as New Yorkers, our lives revolve around the subways. When we hear of an attack on the subway, it's incredibly unsettling. And let's be also clear this was an attempted terrorist attack.
INSKEEP: Although an attack that officials emphasize did not disrupt the morning commute for that long. Some subway lines had to be evacuated. But by the time of the news conference a couple of hours later, people insisted, officials insisted, that transit systems were back to normal.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
New Mix: Beach House, Tank And The Bangas, Stevie Wolf, More
toggle caption Courtesy of the artists
We open this week's show with a look at our 2018 Tiny Desk Contest winner, Naia Izumi. He's an artist based out of Los Angeles with a phenomenal voice and breathtaking technique on guitar. Naia is also incredibly charming with a profoundly moving personal story about how he came to music and what it has meant to him over the years. You can read more about him and watch his winning video here.
Also on this week's show: Last year's Tiny Desk Contest winner, Tank And The Bangas, has just released the band's first new music since signing with Verve Forecast; another phenomenal guitarist, Rafiq Bhatia of the band Son Lux, has a mind-bending new solo album called Breaking English; the Arkansas native and rock guitarist who goes by the name Welles has powerful new elegy to lost youth called "Seventeen," from his upcoming full-length debut Red Trees And White Trashes; guitarist and singer Stevie Wolf infuses his bluesy electro-rock with humor and heart, and the dream-pop group Beach House turns up the volume for its latest single, "Dark Spring."
For the next few days, there will be no end to celebrations for the Under-19 Champions, Team India. Showcasing an exemplary performance, India today lifted a record fourth U-19 World Cup trophy after an eight-wicket rout of Australia in the final.
Also Read: Hope they have many more great moments: Rahul Dravid's message for U-19 World Cup champions
The dominant run of the Indian team in the tournament ended after they chased down the target of 216 against Australia in 38.5 overs.
Also Read: Rahul Dravid finally holds World Cup trophy and Twitter can't keep calm
With a fourth crown, India surpassed Australia in the race of most U-19 World Cup titles. These videos of the celebration are a proof of what this victory means for India.
The moments of anticipation when India were just on the brink of creating history
A post shared by #Save_Namma_culture.. (@monkey_sankey) on Feb 3, 2018 at 1:07am PST
That historic run! And India is World Champions again!
A post shared by Bewakoof People (@bewakoofpeople) on Feb 3, 2018 at 1:58am PST
When the wait was finally over. Rahul Dravid holding the World Cup trophy!
A post shared by Rahul Dravid Fan Club _ (@rahuldravidfans) on Feb 3, 2018 at 1:52am PST
The young kids just can't stay calm
A post shared by UttarakhandHeaven.in (@uttarakhandheaven.in) on Feb 3, 2018 at 2:27am PST
Utter jubilation at Bay Oval as India celebrate their #U19CWC triumph! ___ pic.twitter.com/0rC8S3fQS7 - ICC (@ICC) February 3, 2018
The young bunch won't even let coach Rahul Dravid give the interview!
A post shared by James Kuanal (@jameskuanaltv) on Feb 3, 2018 at 2:08am PST
Celebrations behind the scenes in the changing room
Behind the scenes as the celebrations continue for India in the changing room! ___ #U19CWC pic.twitter.com/W50gu2TMgi - Cricket World Cup (@cricketworldcup) February 3, 2018
Master Blaster Sachin Tendulkar also showered his blessings on the young squad.
We were invited to Citi Field in Queens where the Mets play, but it wasn't to watch baseball. It was to enjoy the Christmas party the New York Mets were sponsoring for New York City schoolchildren. In attendance were pitcher Noah Syndergaard, relief pitcher Jerry Blevins, outfielder Brandon Nimmo, and catcher Kevin Plawecki. The party room was beautifully decorated for the holiday season and there were a children's choir singing holiday songs. It was an extra special day. The kids in attendance were able to have their pictures taken with the Mets players, have lunch and each child received a special gift from the team.
After the party, we had the opportunity to interview Mets relief pitcher Blevins. We asked him many questions about baseball and his life. We asked him about his holiday traditions. He told us he likes to get together with his family which is special since he is far away most of the time. The family likes to cook and spend a lot of time together.
We asked him if he was asked to play Santa at this annual holiday party and he said he was. He was excited and responded yes to playing Santa. However, when he discussed being Santa at this holiday party for NYC school children, with his wife, Whitney, she said “no way,” because of the curse of being injured or traded. There is a “rumor” that being Santa at this party is bad luck. In the past, many former Mets who played Santa Claus were injured or traded. Nimmo had the job this year of playing Santa.
We asked Blevins about a special Christmas memory. He remembered a special Christmas when he got his first Nintendo, and playing Super Mario with his brother.
We asked him how he felt when he gets traded. He said he misses the team he is playing with at the time. Although he missed his family but also misses his teammates almost the same. He said he thought of his teammates as not only his best friends, but also loved them like a family. The one question and answer that really sticks out in minds is which players he hated facing the most. Blevins responded by saying his job was hard because he had to strike out all the lefthanded batters, for example, Daniel Murphy.
We also asked what else he wanted to do besides play baseball when he was younger. He said he wanted to be an astronaut. This was his backup plan because he thought it would be cool to explore somewhere where almost no one has been.
Blevins said he has wanted to play baseball since he was 4. However, given the chance, he would love to run around the stadium as Mr. Met.
We had a great time interviewing Blevins and seeing Syndergaard, Nimmo, and Plawecki representing the Amazing New York Mets. It was a great day that we will remember for the rest of our lives.
/
Marlo Hunter discusses the life of a freelance artist.
April 24, 2018 4 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
On this episode of the Thought Talk Podcast, I speak with Marlo Hunter, successful New York director, choreographer and now co-creator and founder of The Theatrical Culinary Project, an immersive play in development with chef Carla Hall from The Chew.
Hunter also coaches creative entrepreneurs on how to make the freelance life work from a business perspective. In this epidsode of the Thought Talk podcast, Hunter shares her own journey as a freelance artist as well as some of the challenges creative entrepreneurs face -- and what they can do about them.
Find the gap and fill it.
Being an entrepreneur takes a certain kind of fortitude, but being a creative entrepreneur brings some additional challenges. When the economy took a dip in 2009, Hunter, a director and choreographer, found herself without a creative job and with no supplemental income.
“Before I entered into this lifestyle, I wish somebody had collected for me all the tools -- mentally, emotionally and practically -- that I needed to be able to weather a freelance creative career successfully,” jokes Hunter.
So Hunter did what all entrepreneurs who see a gap do -- she filled it. “I sat down and, in a week, I wrote an entire book, which I called The Freelance Artist's Manifesto,” says Hunter.
Central to Hunter's tough love message is the idea that if you pick a creative freelance lifestyle, you have to “Pull yourself up by the bootstraps. You don't have time to navel gaze,” she says. In particular there are three things Hunter says all creative entrepreneurs need to keep in mind.
Remember that ultimately, you have control over your perspective.
“There are so many things that you cannot control in a freelance life,” says Hunter. “You and I could land in New York on the same day, get the same internship right out of the gate, and our careers will not look alike in any way, fifteen years down the line. You can't spend your time ogling other people's careers.”
Hunter believes that freelancers who really embrace the notion that all they can focus on is their entrepreneurial path and how they choose to view it are the most successful. Yes, you may have been rejected, not gotten the gig you wanted, or had a rehearsal that went badly, but you have full control over the way you are going to view those circumstances and how you are going to use them to move yourself forward.
Accept that your life is not compartmentalized.
Hunter says that the difference between freelancers and what she calls "civilians" is that creative entrepreneurs don't have lives that are compartmentalized. “We are our work,” says Hunter. “There is no such thing as leaving the office and coming home and trying to leave your work at the office. You are the office.”
Surround yourself with supportive people who inspire you.
According to Hunter, creative freelancers need to be much more scrupulous about the people they surround themselves with. “As an artist, problems with a friend or family member impact our work on a daily basis and can sap your creative energy,” Hunter says.
At one point, when Hunter's directorial career was dead in the water, she met Sasha Eden, and together they forged the idea of The Theatrical Culinary Project. “Now, it lives and we're working towards bringing it to life as I've always imagined it. It's exciting, and it goes to show you that you have to stick with it and find the right people to work with,” says Hunter.
To learn more about Marlo Hunter's creative entrepreneurial journey and The Theatrical Culinary Project, check out my interview with her on this Thought Talk Podcast episode.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of pounds worth of equine kit has been stolen from a rescue centre in Cambridgeshire.
Thieves broke into the Isleham Horse and Pony Rescue Centre stealing expensive tack.
Saddles, bridles, batteries and other items were taken from the stables which tend to abused, neglected, old and retired animals.
Centre owner Hayley Davies, arrived at the centre on Sunday, June 30 to find all four of the centre's store rooms had been ransacked leaving behind a trail of devastation.
The 31-year-old told Cambridgeshire Live: “I arrived as usual around 4.30am on Sunday morning, I parked my car and noticed the shed was open which I thought was strange as only mum and I have keys."
As Hayley neared the sheds she noticed equipment littering the ground, although she didn't immediately panic putting it down to the cats.
“It didn't register immediately because I thought one of the cats might have gone in and pulled some stuff down, but then I saw scrape marks on the metal, and stuff everywhere - it was completely trashed,” she added.
A spokesman for Cambridgeshire police said: "The case has been reopened and investigations are currently ongoing."
No animals were harmed during the burglary.
It is not certain how much the stolen belongings are worth. Among them was a generator, four car batteries, and riding equipment - some of which was embroidered with the horse's names.
“It is hard to put an exact value on it, although a rough total would be around £5,000.
“We had riding hats stolen, head collars and gloves too. These are silly little things which aren't worth anything as well as some bigger more expensive items too,” Hayley said.
Sentimental items, were also taken during the theft including head braces belonging to horses which are no longer with the centre.
She continued: “It breaks my heart to think they'll probably dump these things, because they aren't worth anything to someone else, but they mean something to us and especially to mum, who it has been really tough on, she hasn't had a theft of this scale ever before.”
Isleham Horse and Pony Rescue Centre, is a self-funded organisation, which was set up by Hayley's mum, Wendy 35 years ago.
The rescue does not receive any outside funding and is reliant on donations.
It started off small only taking in a few horses until Wendy realised the demand for a forever home for animals which are abandoned or unwanted.
It now houses more than 90 ponies and other animals including chickens.
Unfortunately Wendy suffered a stroke and is no longer able to work on the land, so daughter Hayley has taken the reins.
Hayley is asking anyone who can, to donate unwanted riding equipment or funds to the rescue centre to meet the shortfall.
If you would like to donate you can do via justgiving.com or by clicking here.
Kardashian West Visits White House Seeking Freedom For A Grandmother Serving Life
Enlarge this image toggle caption Angela Weiss/AFP/Getty Images Angela Weiss/AFP/Getty Images
Kim Kardashian West was at the White House Wednesday, as the reality star seeks freedom for a great-grandmother serving a life sentence in federal prison.
Kardashian West has been pushing for the release of Alice Marie Johnson since she heard Johnson tell her story on news website Mic.
Johnson was convicted in 1996 for a first-time drug offense. She has been behind bars for more than two decades.
While at the White House, Kardashian West is scheduled to meet with White House official Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law, to make the case that Johnson deserves clemency.
Kushner has spearheaded a White House initiative to help better prepare prisoners for life after incarceration.
Brittany Barnett, who is part of the legal team set up by Kardashian West to represent Johnson, says the hope is that Kardashian West will also be able to speak directly with President Trump.
Johnson's supporters say she has been a model prisoner. During her time as an inmate, Johnson has written plays and become an ordained minister.
"To keep Miss Alice in prison for the rest of her life is morally and economically indefensible," Barnett said. "She has more than paid her debt to society."
Prison reform advocates argue that lengthy sentences issued during the height of America's so-called war on drugs for nonviolent charges are cruel and inhumane. They also point out that keeping these individuals incarcerated is costly for taxpayers.
In his last years in office, former President Obama undertook a project to commute the sentences of certain nonviolent drug offenders.
While Obama commuted a record number of sentences, Johnson was denied clemency at that time.
Now Kardashian West and others are hoping Trump will act on Johnson's behalf.
Kardashian West is the latest celebrity to ask Trump to use his clemency power.
Actor Sylvester Stallone successfully lobbied Trump for a posthumous pardon of legendary boxer Jack Johnson.
Kardashian West's husband, Kanye West, is a Trump supporter. The president and West exchanged compliments on Twitter last month.
Trump has granted four pardons and one commutation since becoming president. All of the cases involved prominent figures or received a lot of media attention.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He bravely faced his demons earlier on this year with a stint in rehab, before going public with the news with a promise that he'd keep fighting them.
And it seems that Ben Affleck is living up to his word, as seven months after announcing he'd sought help for his alcohol problem, he was seen looking upbeat at what is believed to be an outpatient treatment centre in LA.
The pictures, obtained by US Weekly , show the actor, 45, arriving at the building with a smile on his face, on Wednesday - just months after confirming rehab was 'first of many steps' on his road to recovery.
(Image: FameFlynet)
Speaking to the publication, an onlooker said: "Ben looked so happy. He was in such a good mood and looked refreshed."
The snaps show the Batman director flashing a smile as he arrives at the building in grey sweatpants, a tee and black hoodie.
Mirror Online have contacted a representative of Ben for comment.
(Image: FameFlynet.uk.com)
Back in March, the Hollywood A-Lister took the brave decision of making his struggle to deal with alcohol public.
Following a successful stint in rehab, the Batman Vs Superman: Dawn of Justice star released a statement on his Facebook page , writing:
"I have completed treatment for alcohol addiction; something I've dealt with in the past and will continue to confront. I want to live life to the fullest and be the best father I can be."
And the actor - who has Violet, 11, Seraphina, eight and Samuel, five, with his estranged wife Jennifer Garner - went on to admit he felt "lucky" to have his family and friends as well as ex Jennifer.
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Facebook)
"I want my kids to know there is no shame in getting help when you need it, and to be a source of strength for anyone out there who needs help but is afraid to take the first step.
"I'm lucky to have the love of my family and friends, including my co-parent, Jen, who has supported me and cared for our kids as I've done the work I set out to do.
"This was the first of many steps being taken towards a positive recovery."
Banks are awaiting the list of accounts for bankruptcy proceedings from Reserve Bank of India (RBI), despite having access to the Central Repository of Information on Large Credits. Photo: Reuters
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India's (RBI's) decision to refer large cases of stressed loans for bankruptcy proceedings has thrown bankers into a tizzy on how to start the process, signalling that the bad loan resolution process could be long-drawn.
Bankers are awaiting the list of accounts from RBI despite having access to the Central Repository of Information on Large Credits, a centralized database of large exposures.
“We have to move to NCLT (National Company Law Tribunal) and get going with the plan. Apart from the list, we are expecting some directions from the RBI, on things like whether a joint lenders' forum will be called and so on,” said the head of a mid-sized state-owned bank on condition of anonymity.
RBI starts bankruptcy proceedings: Bhushan Steel, Essar Steel, Alok Industries among likely targets
NCLT is the arbitration authority for cases filed under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC).
RBI on Tuesday said 12 accounts representing about 25% of the gross bad loans in the banking system would be eligible for immediate reference for bankruptcy proceedings.
Indian banks are sitting on a stressed asset pile of close to Rs10 trillion; of this, gross bad loans account for Rs7.7 trillion and the rest are restructured loans.
An internal panel of the central bank has suggested that accounts with outstanding loans of more than Rs5,000 crore, of which at least 60% was classified as non-performing by banks as of 31 March 2016, can be referred for bankruptcy proceedings.
Bankers said that before moving the cases for bankruptcy proceedings, all details of these accounts will have to be checked and addressed to ensure that possible loopholes are plugged.
ALSO READ: 12 big loan defaulters indentified by RBI to be disclosed soon: Finance ministry
The so-called special dispensation provided to borrowers under the terms of restructuring is seen as one loophole. Bankers and lawyers say borrowers could use this to delay proceedings.
“Before the application (to NCLT) is moved, we will have to ensure that there is no specific leeway the borrower had availed, either on bilateral basis or from the consortium (of lenders), which would be a hurdle during the proceedings,” said a senior official at another bank.
Under the IBC, once a case is admitted by the NCLT, a resolution plan must be in place within 180 days of admission. This is extendable up to 90 days. In case there is no plan or the committee does not agree on one, the company will go into liquidation.
Another problem for banks is the sacrifice they have to make to resolve the bad asset and the subsequent provisioning that will be required once bankruptcy proceedings start.
To be sure, RBI has said that it will detail revised provisioning norms for cases accepted under the bankruptcy code. However, state-owned banks, especially smaller ones, are lobbying for some relief in the provisioning, either in the amount or on spreading the amount over a few quarters, according to two bankers. This is to ensure that balance sheets are not further stressed at a time when bad loans have risen and capital is scarce.
ALSO READ: Union Cabinet approves bill to deal with bankruptcy at banks, insurance firms
Since the 12 cases are relatively old and probably well-provisioned for, it may not be an immediate problem, Seshadri K. Sen and Rahul Jain of JP Morgan India wrote in a note Wednesday. However, for a lasting resolution, state-owned banks will have to be recapitalized as the haircuts needed are likely to exceed the current provisioning norms, the note added.
“Referral to the NCLT is a double-edged sword: should the banks fail to get a resolution proposal approved in the predefined time-frame, the borrower automatically goes into liquidation and the lenders may have to take large losses in that event,” the note said.
In order to prioritize the resolution, RBI has said that IBC proceedings in respect of identified accounts will be accorded priority by NCLT. However, lawyers argue that this will be at the discretion of the arbitration authority, with principles of natural justice as the guiding factor.
As such, going by the 5 May ordinance, the central bank can ask banks to invoke proceedings against defaulters but has no say over NCLT proceedings, lawyers said.
In an interview to Mint, M.S. Sahoo, chairman of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India, said that it is understood that the government has plans to add more benches to the 11 NCLT currently has.
Bankers also question whether NCLT has enough infrastructure to deal with the expected rise in the number of bankruptcy cases.
“ NCLT does have bandwidth constraints, but NCLT judges have been generally trying to adhere to the timelines under the Bankruptcy Code. I think as we move ahead, there will be a more nuanced approach,” said Ashwin Bishnoi, partner at law firm Khaitan and Co.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A "wealth mountain" of more than £400 billion is set to cascade down from grandparents to the younger generations in the coming years, an insurer has calculated.
Royal London surveyed more than 5,600 people from the older, middle and younger generation of adults to find out about their plans and expectations for receiving an inheritance.
It found that among the grandparents surveyed, all of whom were homeowners, the typical estate expected to be left was in the £400,000 to £500,000 range.
Based on just over a million people being in this situation, "this suggests a 'wealth mountain' of over £400 billion set to be passed on," across the UK, the report said.
Generally, the "sandwich generation" of 45 to 64-year-olds were the most likely recipients of this wealth, the research found - but around half of grandparents also plan to pass on wealth directly to their grandchildren.
And many people in the middle sandwich generation also feel under pressure to pass any inheritance they receive straight on to their own young adult children - the millennial generation - the research found.
Two-fifths (40%) of 45 to 64-year-olds feel that there is pressure to pass on wealth.
Nearly two-thirds (62%) are concerned about the financial position of the younger generation who have not generally seen their wealth increase, due to surging house prices, in the same way that some people in the older generations have.
But the report also warned that those millennials set to benefit from the expected cascade of wealth passed down the generations are likely to be in the minority among their age group.
The research found only around four million of the 17 million people aged 25 to 44 are in the "fortunate position" of having grandparents with housing wealth.
The real problem: 'generation rent'
(Photo: Getty)
The report argues that policies designed to help "generation rent" need to be more targeted towards people who will not benefit from inherited wealth.
Sir Steve Webb, a former pensions minister who is now director of policy at Royal London, said: "There is a wall of housing wealth set to cascade through the generations in the coming years.
"Grandparents still attach great importance to passing on their wealth rather than consuming it.
"Many in the next generation feel under considerable pressure to pass any inheritance straight on to their own children as they are acutely aware of the challenges faced by their millennial offspring".
He continued: "Those millennials lucky enough to have home-owning parents and grandparents may be set to benefit from significant inheritance which will help them on to the housing ladder.
"But the majority of millennials are not in that position.
Lifetime ISA to launch tomorrow - but major banks will NOT offer it to savers
"Schemes such as the Lifetime Isa which provide a government contribution of £1,000 per year for those who have £4,000 per year to save will tend to favour precisely those groups who already have access to wealth.
"There is a danger that this will reinforce the advantage of those who are set to benefit from a cascade of wealth from the older generations."
A recent report from the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) suggested the amount of wealth that younger generations will end up with is more likely to hinge on how well off their parents are than was the case for older generations.
The IFS warned that today's young adults will find it harder to create their own wealth than previous generations, with implications for social mobility.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte has aimed another dig at Chelsea's recruitment policy by complaining his new signings are not fit to go straight into action.
The Blues boss gave Ross Barkley his first start of the season in the defeat to Bournemouth and subbed him after 54 difficult minutes.
And Conte said Olivier Giroud and Emerson Palmieri are not ready to start in Monday night's game at Watford.
“We have to wait,” he said. “Especially for Palmieri, we are talking about a player who is coming back from a bad injury. He has played only one game, in the Italian Cup against Torino.
"Olivier is coming back from a muscular injury and was out for 50 days before playing 15 minutes against Swansea.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: REUTERS)
“We are starting to work with him and we have to check his physical condition. For sure, it won't be easy to see him in the starting 11 on Monday.”
Chelsea could be out of the top four by the time they kick off at Vicarage Road and another defeat would increase the pressure on Conte's position. But the former Juventus and Italy coach said:
“The speculation doesn't affect me. This season, the situation has always been the same, with a lot of pressure around me. And I don't understand why always around me. But maybe it is because this is Chelsea.
"This is the only answer I'm having. But the pressure is normal. In the past, for me the pressure is life. If I stay without pressure, I don't like it. I don't like it. I like to have the pressure.
(Image: REUTERS)
"I like this type of situation. If I see there is no pressure, it's no good for me or the players. When the situation is too calm, you risk being relaxed and to lose the anger, the fire. I like to live with this pressure.”
The Chelsea boss was named among the candidates for the vacant Italy job yesterday and Alessandro Costacurta wants to start an interviewing process.
But Conte, who led Italy to Euro 2016, said: “Costacurta is a friend - we played together with the national team in 1994. But, maybe he forgot that I still have 18 months of contract with Chelsea.
"My intention, my will, my desire is to respect this contract. Do I have plans to speak with him? No.”
Alvaro Morata and Thomas Christensen will both be out on Monday but Willian should return while David Luiz has returned to full training.
April 28 Suzhou Dongshan Precision Manufacturing Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 could fall up to 20 percent, or to be 121.0 million yuan to 151.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (151.2 million yuan)
* Comments that seasonal impacting and recording of interest on debt financing are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/BeSl0A
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
It is another day and another OnePlus 5 leak. We have already seen a few camera samples shot by the upcoming flagship killer and here comes another one.
While the presence of a dual-camera setup at the rear has been confirmed by several renders and leaked cases, the exact camera specs remain unknown. But it is clear that there will be a monochrome camera lens on the OnePlus 5 as one of the camera samples posted by the company CEO Pete Lau tips at the same. One of the camera samples is a night shot that shows that the smartphone's camera will be able to click clear shots even in low-light conditions.
Now, the OnePlus Twitter handle has posted a portrait with the caption "Totally Bokeh", tipping another capability of the OnePlus 5 camera. This recent camera sample makes us believe that the OnePlus 5 will be capable of snapping shots with the bokeh effect, which will blur the background and emphasize the subject in the photograph.
Notably, the iPhone 7 Plus has a dual camera setup at its rear that can render a similar effect with the Portrait Mode. There are a few other smartphones with dual camera setup including Huawei P10 that can render this bokeh effect.
We do note that the tweet doesn't deliberately reveal that the photo has been shot with the OnePlus 5. But we do believe that the device will bring a portrait mode of some sort. More details regarding the same will be revealed when the smartphone is unveiled on June 20.
America's Cup - Images from the J-Class racing Day - 1
J- Class Regatta - 35th America's Cup - Bermuda June 13, 2017 Richard Gladwell J- Class Regatta - 35th America's Cup - Bermuda June 13, 2017 Richard Gladwell www.photosport.co.nz
by Richard Gladwell, Sail-World NZ today at 9:20 pmOn Tuesday they sailed with the Superyachts in a separate start. The racing was sailed in light winds with the crews working hard to eke the most from the breeze and confused sea. Six J-class are entered for the J-class regatta and five were racing today.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/154609
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 'rooftopper' unwittingly filmed his own death as he was performing a daredevil skyscraper stunt.
Wu Yongning was known for scaling tall buildings without equipment and fell from a 62-storey scraper in Changsha, China.
The climber, 26, was participating in a challenge to win prize money in November, Chinese media reported.
In the horrifying footage, Mr Yongning can be seen sitting on top of the skyscraper before climbing over the side.
He dangles from the edge, doing pull-ups on the side of the building.
Then, he tries to clamber up the skyscraper with his feet but he loses his balance and let's go, plummeting to the ground.
Mr Yongning's body was reportedly found by cleaners.
His uncle told the South China Morning Post: "He planned to propose to his girlfriend [the day after the challenge].
"He needed the money for the wedding, and for medical treatment for his ailing mother."
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
His fans became concerned after the climber had not posted on any of his channels in a month.
Mr Yongning's girlfriend confirmed his death on social media a month after, on December
Rooftopper Charlie_7U shared a photo taken with Mr Yongning and said on social media: "He went a bit over the top, always trying things that are beyond his ability.
"I have even saved him once... we stopped playing together."
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Samia Longchambon and Alan Halsall delivered a moving eulogy to their late Coronation Street costar Liz Dawn when she was laid to rest at Manchester's Salford Cathedral on Friday.
The actors, who play former Corrie couple Maria Connor and Tyrone Dobbs, were especially close to Liz, with her character Vera Duckworth having been something of a surrogate mum to Tyrone.
And Samia thanked the iconic actress for making a huge "difference" to their lives.
"Liz was always a force to be reckoned with and someone we all looked up to and admired," Samia said.
(Image: Benjamin Paul / SWNS.com)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Getty)
"Liz was undoubtedly a wonderful, kind, funny and considerate person and someone whose generosity knew no bounds,"she continued.
"Liz was an incredibly special lady and her legacy will go on. She touched our lives and made a difference and for that reason we are truly grateful for her."
Alan added: "Liz could talk to anyone and always treated everyone the same, which was absolutely part of her charm one of the reasons we loved her all the more.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
"Liz was a true inspiration and always so generous with her time, but she never expected anything in return.
"She also had no idea how much she was loved or how funny she was and she'd have been totally overwhelmed by the outpouring of love these last couple of weeks.
"This really wouldn't be a tribute to Liz without ending it the way she ended all of her conversations with me and Samia and that is simply... I love you."
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
Samia arrived with her husband Sylvian Longchambon, while Alan held hands with his wife, former Coronation Street actress Lucy-Jo Hudson.
Arriving by coach from the nearby Corrie studios, actress Sally Ann Matthews (Jenny Bradley) broke down as she arrived at the service for Liz, who played the feisty Vera Duckworth for 34 years, while Anthony Cotton (Sean Tully) and Shobna Gulati (Sunita Alahan) could be seen battling to keep their emotions in check.
Her heartbroken husband of 22 years, Donald Ibbetson , sobbed openly as the hearse carrying the icon's coffin pulled up, while Liz's former costar Helen Worth (Gail Platt) comforted a nearby mourner.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Meanwhile, Nigel Pivaro, who played her no-good on-screen son Terry would have made Vera proud by being one of the first to arrive.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: 136658-5)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Benjamin Paul / SWNS.com)
Jennie McAlpine and Andy Whyment, aka street siblings Fiz and Kirk, were also joined by Connor McIntyre, who currently portrays baddie Pat Phelan.
So treasured was Liz that cast members who left the cobbles years ago turned out to say goodbye, with Bruce Jones (Les Battersby) and Ken Morley (Reg Holdsworth) pictured looking sombre ahead of the service.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The actress died peacefully at home after a long battle with lung disease emphysema on Monday, September 25. She was 77.
In a statement announcing her death, her family said: "We are devastated and heartbroken at the passing of our much-loved wife, mother, sister, grandmother and great grandmother, the incredible Liz Dawn.
"Liz died peacefully last night at home with her loving family around her.
"She has been the love, light and inspiration in our lives and we are bereft at her passing.”
(Image: Benjamin Paul / SWNS.com)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
The Leeds-born actress, who was a Woolworth's shop girl before finding fame, was forced to quit the street in 2008 after receiving the terminal diagnosis.
However, she made one last appearance in 2010 when she returned for her on-screen husband Jack Duckworth's (Bill Tarmey) final scenes.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
In June Liz - whose real name was Sylvia Ann Ibbetson - underwent surgery for a heart condition, which forced her to miss the wedding of her grandson Thomas Borso, in Italy.
She had hoped the procedure would result in a vast improvement to her health.
“I've got no energy but once the operation is done I will be looking forward to being as back to my normal self and getting my energy back," she said at the time.
(Image: ITV)
Sadly, in recent times she had been confined to a wheelchair, and was admitted to hospital with breathing problems two weeks before her death.
Liz is survived by four children.
The funeral started at 2pm with a requiem mass and holy communion service followed by a private family committal.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Instagram, by nature, is a playground where we can get inspiration and have a snoop at the lives of others .
Fancy a little grub at a friend of a friend's page? Sure, why not?
Take a cheeky screengrab of something you like the look of? Go for it!
Yet in sad news for Insta-snoopers everywhere, those carefree days of taking screenshots anonymously are now gone.
At least when it comes to Direct Messages.
Instagram's latest update means users can send and receive time-stamped photos and videos via their DMs, and they disappear after a few seconds.
(Image: Getty)
Given the finite nature of these DMs, it can be tempting to screenshot them. You know, for posterity. Or to show to your mates.
Now, the sender will receive a notification that their photo or video has been captured by the recipient, Cosmopolitan reports.
The same applies if someone screenshots something you send to them.
At present, you can still screenshot actual Instagram posts without your stalking being made known to the person who posted them.
In addition to this change, much like with Whatsapp and Facebook messenger, any messages sent via Instagram now come with reports such as "delivered" and "seen."
Making it that little bit harder to ignore people you'd much rather avoid.
© Maksim Blinov / Sputnik
Currently sex with minors is punished with up to four years behind bars, but the term can be increased to 10 years in cases when victims are under 14 years of age and up to 15 years when there is more than one victim. The legal age of consent in Russia is 16 and the age of maturity is 18.If the new bill passes into law sex crimes against children under 14 could carry sentences up to life in prison in cases when the crime brings grave consequences to victim's life or health. The motion also classifies the making, purchase, possession, distribution, public display and advertising of child porn as grave crimes.The new bill also describes the situation when suspected pedophiles live together with their victims, act as their guardians, or work as their teachers as an aggravating condition.The draft proposes to abolish the statute of limitations in the investigation of sex crimes against minors. One of the main sponsors of the bill, MP Irina Yarovaya (United Russia), said that the changes are necessary because victims of sex crimes, especially those who suffer them regularly, often become depressed and withdrawn, and it may take significant time before law enforcement agencies receive the information they need to start a criminal probe.Another part of the bill makes it a separate crime when someone incites minors towards sexual intercourse by means of the internet. This includes distribution of pornographic materials among children via the internet, MP Yarovaya noted in comments.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Going on holiday, cooking a meal together - and having an argument - are among the best ways to get to know your partner , a study has found.
A poll of 2,000 loved-up Brits has revealed the ways in which you can see your other half's true colours and really find out who they are.
Going on a day trip, listening to music together and meeting their friends or parents can also help you get to know your loved one.
The study, by Hasbro Gaming, also found two in five believe you can really discover someone's personality by playing a game, with the contentious classic Monopoly most likely to bring out your other half's hidden side.
It also emerged twenty per cent think you know your partner's real personality after spending the first year together, though a more cautious one in seven believe five years is what's needed before you can claim to truly know them.
(Image: iStock Editorial)
Commenting on the findings, Big Brother's former resident professor Geoff Beattie said: "It can take years to truly get to know your other half, and even then, there are certain parts of their personality they may never reveal to you.
"Still, after your first break away together, some quality time in the kitchen and a few heated games of Monopoly, you should be a little bit closer to truly understanding what makes your spouse tick.”
The study found 54 per cent believe a holiday together is the best way to learn everything about your partner, while 47 per cent think cooking a meal shows you everything you need to know.
Other activities which could help you to get to know your partner better include moving in with them, spending Christmas together and watching their favourite film.
Visiting each other's home towns, doing DIY together and going to the gym with them also made the list.
(Image: OJO Images RF)
Researchers also found that a third of people made more effort with their appearance to try and impress their other half in the early days, with one quarter also admitting they were more forgiving of their partner's faults.
But just half think their partner is completely open with them about their own quirks and secrets, with more than one in 10 believing they still have a lot to learn about their other half.
Three in 10 even admit to keeping part of their personality a secret from their unsuspecting partner.
The study also revealed one in eight nervous dates played nice when meeting the in-laws for the first time, and 18 per cent laughed at more of their partner's dire jokes in the beginning than they do now.
And while it's relatively smooth sailing for a third of loved-up Brits, almost seven in 10 confess to disliking something about their partner's personality.
(Image: OJO Images RF)
Of those who dislike their partner's true colours, one in five thought moving in together revealed the unpalatable trait, and 10 per cent said their other half revealed an unattractive side to themselves when they were with their friends.
When pitted against each other across the Monopoly board, couples admitted to seeing a different side to their loved one.
One in eight said their other half was a stickler for the rules, while one in ten thought their spouse was prone to gloating when the odds were in their favour.
In fact, 18 per cent believed Monopoly brings out the ruthless side in their opposition.
This classic game is no stranger to bust-ups. Last Christmas there were over 2,000 calls to the dedicated Monopoly Hotline helping resolve disputes, after research found over half of games end in acrimony around rules and cheating.
Psychologist Geoff Beattie continued, “It's really interesting to see how much couples believe they can learn about their partner's personality from playing a game like Monopoly.
(Image: Hero Images)
"When people become engrossed in certain activities, including play, they monitor their own behaviour less and reveal hidden aspects of their personality.
"Couples and families were recorded playing Monopoly by Hasbro's FunLab team, and eight personality types seemed to emerge when playing this often-cut-throat game.
"From the Crook and the Token Obsessed to the Sceptic and the Gloater, there are a number of different aspects of our personality that seem to appear once the board comes out.
“Monopoly is one of those games that can make the quietest and politest of people get quite emotionally charged.
"We saw plenty of couples walking in holding hands, but with things already starting to change as they picked their favourite token!”
To find out which Monopoly Personality you are, play the interactive quiz here .
Top activities to get to know your partner
Go on holiday together Cook a meal together Go on a day trip together Meet their friends Meet their parents Play a game together Watch a film together Move in together Spend Christmas together Listen to music together Visit each other's home towns Go for a drive together Do DIY together Buy a home together Have an argument Start a family together Play a competitive sport together Take a dance class together Go to the gym together Buy a car together
(Image: iStock Unreleased)
Eight most common Monopoly personalities
Jason McIntyre
Patriots 31, Eagles 17
MVP: Tom Brady
Jason Lisk
Eagles 20, Patriots 19
MVP: LeGarrette Blount
Pink sings a national anthem that brings the nation together. Nick Foles grows a mustache. LeGarrette Blount and Jay Ajayi play keep away for the entire 3rd quarter. Stephen Gostkowski goes wide right after Brady gets the Pats in position to come back again.
Ryan Phillips
Patriots 34, Eagles 28
MVP: Tom Brady
Michael Shamburger
Patriots 38, Eagles 24
MVP: Tom Brady
Vik Chokshi
Patriots 30, Eagles 20
MVP: Tom Brady
Bobby Burack
Eagles 31, Patriots 24
MVP: Nick Foles
Ryan Glasspiegel
Patriots 35, Eagles 31
MVP: Rob Gronkowski
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street has been highly praised for highlighting the brutal reality of the aftermath of rape.
Viewers watched in horror tonight as David woke up and came to the shocking realisation he had been raped.
In uncomfortable scenes, David opened his eyes to see a photo of his attacker Josh then saw all his clothes on the chair.
The rape victim then turned over a jokey note that read: “Gone to gym. Help yourself to brekkie. No crumbs!”
David got a taxi back home where he saw furious Shona and laughing Gail, who called him a “dirty stop out”, not realising what her son had been through.
Speechless David couldn't explain what had happened and headed upstairs to wash himself after being raped.
Corrie fans could barely watch as broken David sat down on the floor of the shower.
They also spotted he was covered in bruises and scratch marks from his brutal attack.
Emotional David struggled to communicate with Shona, who assumed he just had a massive hangover.
She shouted: “David could you be any more ignorant if you tried. When you can actually string a sentence I'll be in the cafe.”
He clearly just wanted to be alone but was met with another reminder of his shocking ordeal.
Shona added: “If you can't remember where it is I'm sure Saint Josh will tell you.”
Corrie viewers took to Twitter to praise the hardcore scenes and Jack P. Shepherd's performance.
One viewer said: "This scene with David in the shower is heartbreaking"
Another added: "David's story is too horrible! I feel sick myself!"
A third said: "My heart actually aching for david, i'm glad corrie's awareness raising awareness on such serious topics."
*Coronation Street continues on ITV at 8.30pm
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours
3:48 Jimbo Fisher: Seminoles proud to be playing in the Orange Bowl game
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From a shock cheating scandal to drowning fears, Emmerdale has it all going on next week.
But what are the major storylines you should be looking out for? Here's all you need to know...
Joe Tate feared dead in shock drowning twist
Bad boy Joe Tate could meet a grisly end when a dangerous dare goes badly wrong.
In shocking scenes set to air next week, the village villain will be feared dead in a shock drowning twist.
The village villain jumps off the edge of a quarry to impress his younger brother Noah Dingle but he doesn't resurface.
The drama begins when Noah, who is desperate to hang out with his rich half-brother, asks him if they can reminisce over their dead dad.
(Image: ITV)
Joe is hesitant as Charity has banned the pair form meeting up, but furious Noah mistakes his awkwardness and storms off.
Determined to make it up to his brother, Joe grabs a mountain bike and pursues Noah into the woods.
The brothers share a intimate moment at the edge of a quarry as they start to bond properly for the first time.
Once the emotional stuff is out of the way Noah dares his millionaire sibling to jump off the edge, which he stupidly agrees to.
Joe impulsively launches himself into the water way down below, but there's a massive problem.
Noah is left terrified when Joe doesn't resurface - so is he dead?
Aaron and Robert's shock as Liv's alcoholism is exposed
Liv Dingle is already struggling with life behind bars in the Youth Offenders institution - but things are about to get tougher for the teen as her brother Aaron discovers the full extent of her drinking .
Over the last year, Liv (Isobel Steele) has left viewers worried as she continued to drink to cope with anything bad happening in her life.
Ever since she was jailed, Liv has been struggling without her crutch.
In upcoming episodes, teacher Steve notices fellow inmate Tash mocking Liv for being an Alchy.
(Image: ITV)
Liv shrugs off the taunts but is worried that her secret may be exposed.
However Steve can't ignore Tash's remarks and asks Liv whether she has a drinking problem.
Liv denies that she has a problem but Steve is still suspicious.
Later, an oblivious Aaron (Danny Miller) and Robert (Ryan Hawley) are pleased as they visit Liv and are convinced that she has it all together.
But reality comes crashing down on them when Steve approaches them.
Aaron is left incredibly worried by Steve's words...
Belle goes missing after the voices in her head become too much
Belle Dingle will suffer a bad reaction to the voices in her head - something which could lead to disaster.
Recently, viewers have been left worried for Belle (Eden Taylor-Draper) as her schizophrenia appears to have reared its ugly head once more after she became the target of her family's anger.
Belle helped mum Lisa leave the Dales after she suffered an angina attack, brought about from stress.
(Image: ITV)
In upcoming episodes, Belle becomes distracted by the voices in her head and she reacts badly when they tell her to destroy the alcohol.
When Belle loses it in the barn, Lachlan is panicked to discover she has been hearing voices again.
Lachlan and Gerry then frantically try to search for Belle in the village and it's a race against time to find her.
Will they find her and will she be ok?
Megan gets shock when Frank proposes - unaware she's cheated on him
Megan Macey gets a shock when Frank Clayton proposes to her next week.
What should be a happy moment is ruined as Megan has been up to no good and cheated on Frank with another villager.
While romantic Frank was planning his big proposal, Megan was kissing Graham Foster as they finally acted on their mutual attraction.
(Image: ITV)
Megan gets the wrong end of the stick when she hears Frank, who cheated on her with Charity Dingle, whispering to someone.
She assumes the worst of the former love rat when the lies start to build up, unaware that he is speaking to a jeweller about an expensive engagement ring.
Awkward!
Also...
Charity tries to stop Noah from meeting up with Joe
Misty offers to plan Brenda's hen do
Emmerdale exit on the cards as the burden of Daz Spencer's secret becomes too much to bear?
*Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV with an additional episode at 8pm on Thursday
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fewer people in England identify themselves as “northern” and “southern,” a new survey reveals.
The study found the idea of a north-south divide has been replaced by loyalty to their local area.
Only 47% identify themselves as “northern” or “southern”, the survey by Trinity Mirror and the Spark Foundation shows.
Instead, 74% prefer to identify themselves as coming from “my village”, “my town” or “my city.”
The only exception is the capital with only 31% describing themselves as Londoners and 58% saying they are “global citizens.”
The study also found we are a country on the move with 24% of the population having lived in their current area for five years or less.
It also reveals that the majority of villagers (80%) feel pride in their local community compared with 50% of town dwellers.
(Image: Getty)
But villagers are 54% more likely than city or town centres to say they were “lonely” and 72% more likely to say their area was “neglected”.
When asked to describe their area the most popular definition was “deprived” (48% of city centres, 49% of suburbs and 65% of villages).
And only a quarter (26%) of the UK believes Brexit will strengthen the identity of their local area.
Rachel Forde, CEO, Spark Foundry UK, said: “The shock of Brexit and more recent global events have reinforced the need for us to always be looking beyond social eco-chambers to really get under the skin of communities and audiences.
“It's essential we understand what's important when it comes to how people identify themselves and communicate messages they can relate to.
(Image: RooM RF)
“On a macro scale, everyone has a part to play in listening to the crowd to make sure we're not reinforcing outdated stereotypes which are readily given to different regions across the UK.
“Considering specific community needs extends well beyond businesses to politicians and local government, to make sure we're celebrating the richness and diversity of areas and identities.”
Andy Atkinson, Chief Revenue Officer, Trinity Mirror, said: “The country has gone through profound upheaval in the past 12 months, and it's really important that we understand the changing mindset of the nation.
“Advertisers who think they have a pretty good handle on their audience should recognise the shifting sands and assess whether they are still communicating to them in the right ways.”
Work Harder As Batman
An experiment with 6-year-olds found they worked harder doing a repetitive task when they pretended to be Batman or Dora the Explorer.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Good morning. I'm Steve Inskeep with a key to productivity. An experiment studied 6-year-olds who were asked to do some repetitive tasks. The kids worked harder and were more focused when they pretended to be someone else. Those who would make believe that they were Batman or Dora the Explorer got the job done. Those who focused on themselves took lots of breaks. We have no word how soon grown-up workplaces will be encouraging employees to don costumes and take on a new identity. It's MORNING EDITION.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has finally broken cover, making a carefully scripted statement on her leadership.
It's her first appearance in public since her disastrous conference speech was upstaged by a stage invasion from a comedy prankster, a persistent cough and a shoddily constructed backdrop.
The Prime Minister made brief remarks after attending a coffee morning in her Maidenhead constituency.
She told reporters: “I've had a cold all this week. But I'm here today at a fantastic event that is raising money to support people and their families who are going through real difficulty.
“Now what the country needs is calm leadership and that's what I'm providing with the full support of my cabinet.
“And next week I'm going to be updating MPs on my Florence speech, which has given real momentum to the Brexit talks.
“And I will also be introducing a draft bill to cap energy prices, which will stop ordinary working families being ripped off.”
(Image: PA)
Asked if she had a message for people in her party plotting to topple her, she risked accusations of the return of the Maybot, by repeating: “What I think is necessary for the country now, what the country needs is calm leadership. That's exactly what I'm providing, and I'm providing that with the full support of my cabinet.”
It came as former Chairman of the Conservative Party admitted to masterminding a plot to oust the Prime Minister.
(Image: REUTERS)
Ex-minister Grant Shapps , who outed himself as the ringleader of the backroom rebellion, claims around 30 Tory MPs have privately told him they would back a move to force Mrs May to step down and call a leadership election.
And the gang of 30 reportedly includes five former Cabinet ministers.
Former Tory chairman admits masterminding plot to oust Theresa May
It's short of the 48 needed to force a leadership election.
"They are Remainers, they are Brexit eers," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"A growing number of my colleagues, we realise that the solution isn't to bury our heads in the sand and just hope things will get better.
"It never worked out for Brown or Major and I don't think it is going to work out here either."
Mrs May's closest cabinet aide rushed to her defence last night, as news of the rebellion began to break.
Damian Green, Mrs May's deputy in all but name, ridiculed suggestions that the Prime Minister should quit
He told the audience of BBC Question Time: “The idea that somebody gets a cold at work, that that renders them the wrong person for the job, or even more that because some unfunny pillock pulls a practical joke, that that is in any way an important political event is complete nonsense.
“The shame is that the content of the speech obviously got lost despite the fact that with huge resilience that she got through it.
And he insisted Mrs May “will make a success of this government.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Campaigners were cheering tonight after the Sunday People scored a double victory over the ­horrific use of bleach and ­turpentine to “cure” ­autistic children.
Two major sources of the potentially-lethal practice have been blocked after we revealed last week how deluded parents were making kids swallow the poisonous chemicals and also suffer painful enemas.
A Facebook page which promotes the so-called Miracle Mineral Solution (MMS) containing sodium chlorite – the chemical name for bleach – has been shut down.
And a Manchester-based firm, Ph Health, pulled the product from sale after we contacted them with our alarming findings.
(Image: Sunday People)
Campaigner Emma Dalmayne, a mother of five autistic children who has spent four years fighting the quack medics peddling MMS, is delighted at our results.
Emma, 41, who joined forces with Irish mum Fiona O'Leary to tackle the scourge, said: “We are so grateful to the Sunday People.
“The newspaper's exposure of MMS practice in Britain played a massive part in this evil Facebook group being shut down.
(Image: Adam Gerrard/Daily Mirror)
“After four years of campaigning, of making fake profiles to infiltrate these groups and having to engage with people who, in my opinion, are child abusers, of crying and hoping that police or social services would get to the kids on time, I'm so happy this has finally happened.
Emma, of south-east London, ­added: “CD Autism being shut down is great but I just hope these parents won't be driven deeper underground.
“The upside is that new parents who want to use MMS will find it harder to find advice and support.”
There is no medicinal cure for ­autism, a behavioural condition which affects one in every 100 children.
Horrified GP Dr Jeff Foster, who runs a practice at the Spire Parkway hospital in Solihull, West Midlands, warned that children could die from the quack treatment.
Facebook confirmed this week it has shut down the UK CD Autism site after it ­violated its policies
And Manchester-based Ph Health, which imported MMS from Tuluce Chemicals in Istanbul, Turkey, said: “We understand your concerns about the project.
“We were not aware people were misusing it as all our phone operators know not to give advice about products.
“We are happy to stop selling the product immediately.”
While MMS can still be seen for sale on the Ph Health website, it can no longer be bought. Underneath is a message which reads: “Due to a misuse of this product MMS has been ­ removed from this site.”
Earlier we contacted Anthony Augustine, who owns the internet ­address for Ph Health and who also appears to be pictured on the Tuluce Chemicals website praising their “good product” and “fast shipping”.
Mr Augustine, 40, who runs a hypnotherapy academy from his home in Thailand, claims he sold Ph Health but was unable to tell us who the new owners are.
He said: “I'm most ­disappointed with the fact my name is still being used for the domain, that will change soon, mark my words.
“I have no control over what others do and not responsible from the ­direction the business seems to have taken.” He admitted the picture on the Tuluce Chemicals site “looks very ­similar to me” but insisted “it is not”.
Meanwhile MMS is still being ­promoted by an American cult, the Genesis II Church led by self-styled archbishop Jim Humble.
But a group of Westminster MPs and campaigners, the Autism Committee, is drawing up a report on fake cures and is expected to recommend the Government tightens up the law surrounding sales of ­chemicals like MMS.
Professor Stephen Husbands, head of medicinal chemistry at the University of Bath, says there is no medical ­foundation for using MMS.
The Food Standards Agency has also warned about the potential harms.
It said: “Sodium chlorite, the main substance in MMS, is dangerous even in small amounts and is an irritant and will cause burns.”
Sun Fruit Dan to face police quiz
Police want to quiz Danny Glass over his links to Miracle Mineral Solution after he was exposed in last week's Sunday People.
Glass, 30, from Margate, Kent, is a major advocate of MMS and promotes the use of turpentine for children on his YouTube channel Sun Fruit Dan.
He promises that users can enjoy a sickness and disease-free life.
The drop-out hippy, who now lives in Thailand, wrote on his Facebook page: “I have been informed that the police are looking for me and want to find one of my siblings to question them haha.”
But Glass was this week still posting videos about the benefits of drinking essential oil turps.
Making himself out to be a victim, he moaned: “They are just trying to make me look really, really bad...negative news sells.
“I don't feel angry, agitated, sad or anything that they are spreading a lot of lies and misinformation on me.”
After admitting getting hateful comments he added: “It's just helping me become a greater version of myself...I'm going to rise above it and be the better person.”
(Image: SWNS.com)
Astonishingly, he adds: “What I'm thinking at the end of the day is any publicity is good publicity.”
In a second post, he blatantly promotes the use of MMS and adds: “Many people, especially the media, and people uneducated on this subject say it is a poison and it is a bleach, but this is complete misinformation.”
Glass escaped jail last month after his six-months-pregnant girlfriend, Sophie Anderson, 42, from Blackpool, was killed while riding on the back of his motorscooter in Phuket, Thailand, where he lives.
Glass's bike was in collision with a truck.
He was given an 18-month sentence, suspended for two years, and fined £335 after admitting causing death by reckless driving.
Voice of The Sunday People: Always proud to fight for you
The Sunday People has a proud history of winning campaigns.
We've helped get vulnerable people exempt from the Bedroom Tax, are heading for victory on FOBT gambling machines, and made sure a life-saving kidney drug is available for all.
Now we've helped to stop the terrible practice of dangerous chemicals being peddled as autism cures.
There's a long way to go until the sale is stamped out completely.
But we'll keep going for as long as it takes.
And we want our readers to know that we're always there to fight for you.
