FILE PHOTO -- David Einhorn, president of Greenlight Capital speaks at the Sohn Investment Conference in New York City, U.S. May 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK Hedge fund manager David Einhorn's unusual plan to divide General Motors Co's (GM.N) shares into two classes poses a potential corporate governance minefield for GM board members.
The shareholder proposal, quickly rejected by the company this week, is aimed at boosting a lagging stock price, but did not appear to catch fire with other existing or prospective shareholders, who see it as an odd mix of hybrid security schemes.
The plan would create one class of stock for investors keen to capture GM's juicy dividend, and a second for those eager to bet on its growth potential.
Einhorn, who runs New York-based Greenlight Capital, has pledged to fight for it at the company's annual meeting and plans to nominate a slate of directors ready to advance his idea.
One obstacle cited by legal and financial advisers is the probable conflict it presents for GM's directors, who under Delaware law are required to be loyal to all shareholders. That could get tricky under Einhorn's plan as directors would oversee two classes of stock that each have voting powers but competing ambitions for use of company capital.
For instance, directors would have to square voting to raise quarterly payouts, which would exclusively benefit the dividend stockholders, versus allocating more toward capital expenditures or stock repurchases, which would benefit the growth stock camp.
"It puts the board in an odd position," said Charles Elson, a University of Delaware corporate governance professor who also sits on the board of restaurant chain Bob Evans Farms Inc (BOBE.O). "Do you plow money back into the business, or buy back the stock? You end up penalizing at least one of the stockholders. It gets messy."
Dividend holders would get one-tenth of a vote under the Einhorn plan, while the so-called "capital appreciation" owners would have a full share.
While all public company boards encounter tension when evaluating short- and long-term goals, "separating out dividend-paying shares makes those tensions explicit, pitting actually different stockholders against each other," Delaware Law School professor Larry Hamermesh said.
Hamermesh added that such a structure could become more troublesome in terms of conflicts if the board's stock holdings were concentrated more in one class of stock.
DIVIDENDS VS. GROWTH
Investors - even some GM holders frustrated by its persistent underperformance since its shares returned to public markets in 2010 after a wrenching reorganization in bankruptcy - were not immediately lining up in support of Einhorn's idea.
"I agree completely that the stock is undervalued, but I'm not sure that splitting it into two classes is going to drive it any higher," said Scott Moore, co-portfolio manager of the Buffalo Dividend Focus fund, who owns shares of GM.
Moore said he doesn't want to have to choose between dividend income and stock price appreciation. He wants both.
So far, GM shares have not seen a big response to the Einhorn proposal. The stock gained about 2.5 percent on Tuesday after it was made public but ended little changed on Wednesday.
Mark Freeman, chief investment officer of Westwood Holdings Group, who does not own GM, said he would not buy a dividend-focused share class that was not a preferred stock. Preferreds stand between common shares and debt in a company capital structure and offer a greater likelihood that investors will have a claim on assets in the event of a bankruptcy.
Einhorn's plan has flavors of several existing hybrid equity security types, such as tracking stocks, perpetual preferred shares and master limited partnerships, but does not exactly replicate any of them.
To some degree, it harkens back to independent share trusts called "primes" and "scores," equity derivative securities that were popular in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
As under the Einhorn plan, investors interested in the stability provided by dividends could own a company's prime trusts, while those willing to take on more risk and bet on its growth could buy the scores.
The key difference, however, was that the trusts were established by shareholders, not the companies issuing the underlying stock. Companies themselves had no involvement at all, and their shares were not formally divided into two classes as Einhorn's proposal provides.
The trusts phased out in the early 90s following a disadvantageous change in tax rules.
GM itself has had multiple share structures in the past.
In the mid-1980s, the automaker made two splashy diversification moves, acquiring Electronic Data Systems Corp, a pioneering computer services company founded by future presidential candidate H. Ross Perot, and later Hughes Aircraft, the defense and satellite company founded by billionaire Howard Hughes.
GM then set up tracking stocks for each of the units. GM Class E shares, for EDS, and GM Class H shares, for Hughes, gave holders a dividend based on the profits of each operation, but no ownership stake.
GM's own history suggests there are ways around the potential conflict posed by dual share classes.
In a 2005 case in Delaware Chancery Court, the company acknowledged that the board had an internal policy toward handling different shareholders when GM had a tracking stock.
According to a copy of the case obtained by Reuters, “Recognizing that the interests of ... shareholders may not always coincide, GM created a board committee called the Capital Stock Committee to determine the terms of any material transaction between GM and Hughes and ensure fairness to all shareholders.”
(Reporting by Michael Flaherty and David Randall; Additional reporting by Nick Carey in Detroit; Editing by Dan Burns and Nick Zieminski)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Dog parks like Richmond's "Barker Field" in Byrd Park and "Bark Park" on the shoulder of Chimborazo Hill have become a pawsome part of the social fabric Richmond - where dogs and their humans can socialize and play.
But before they opened, there was mainly the renegade dog park on the very busy corner of Monument Avenue and the Boulevard.
Twenty years ago, this was a sweet spot for dog lovers.
The property's owner, Billy Gene Jefferson Jr., got some love for donating his big, fenced-in corner lot. Dogless himself, he and his cat enjoyed looking at the dogs and humans - from near and far - playing next door.
Back then, Billy Jefferson was becoming a major player in Richmond's real estate scene, buying and developing big hunks of property in the Fan and Manchester districts, among other neighborhoods.
He had become the Chief Financial Officer of the Greater Richmond Chamber of Commerce. He built a million-dollar-plus masonry mansion on the old dog lot corner. Some of his renovations had helped transform tough neighborhoods.
He had more than $50 million in properties.
He also had federal agents breathing down his neck for fraudulently obtaining nearly $13 million in historic tax credits, similar to the problems that brought down his developer pal, Justin French.
As the law dogged him, Billy Jefferson stole his brother's identity and hustled back and forth to Vegas, transforming millions into cash, hiding some of it in his home and in camouflaged PVC pipes buried in the old dog park property as he prepped to flee the country. He was collared and, three years ago, a federal judge gave him 20 years, which he has appealed.
Jefferson spoke to me about the dog lot 19 years ago, while his world - and his dog lot - was still wagging its tail.
Here's the story I wrote then - in 1998 - for the Richmond Times-Dispatch:
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON, Australia, April 13 It's probably best to look at China's extremely strong commodity imports in March as a history lesson, rather than a pointer to future trends.
Record high imports of crude oil, the second-most for iron ore and a 34 percent surge in the first quarter for coal from the same period in 2016 all speak of robust demand in the world's importer of commodities.
However, the chances are that this is as good as it gets, at least for a while.
This isn't to suggest that commodity imports are due for a sharp pullback in coming months, rather the likelihood is that they will moderate back toward more sustainable growth rates.
Crude oil imports surged 22.6 percent from February to 38.95 million tonnes, equivalent to about 9.17 million barrels per day (bpd). This was well above the previous record of 8.57 million bpd, which was posted only a few months back in December.
It appears that much of the surge in March oil imports was down to buying from independent refiners keen to use newly-acquired quotas for overseas purchases.
But it's also likely that part of the March surge was due to the arrival of cargoes from more distant origins than the main suppliers in the Middle East, such as Europe's North Sea and the United States.
This reflects another impact from the agreement by OPEC and other producers such as Russia to cut their output by a combined 1.8 million bpd for the first six months of 2017.
These cuts encouraged Chinese refiners to look to non-traditional suppliers for crude, but cargoes purchased in January would only have arrived last month, given the longer sea voyages.
It's also worth noting that China's exports of oil products also jumped in the first quarter of 2017, rising 22.6 percent to 11.96 million tonnes, which is about 1.06 million bpd.
This means some of the strength in crude imports is simply a reflection of higher exports of refined fuels, but this growth trend may moderate in coming months as the Chinese authorities have lowered export quotas.
With refiners also heading into their maintenance season, it is also possible that crude imports will moderate in coming months.
DOMESTIC FACTORS INFLUENCE IRON ORE, COAL
Turning to iron ore, and again the strength in March, and indeed the first quarter, seems largely due to a growth trend that may be easing, rather than accelerating.
China imported 95.56 million tonnes of the steel-making ingredient in March, up 14.5 percent from the prior month and 12.2 percent from the same month in 2016, and just below the record 96.27 million from December 2015.
This took first-quarter imports to 270.88 million tonnes, a 12.2 percent gain on the same period last year.
Imports have been rising on optimism surrounding demand for steel as Chinese manufacturing shows signs of improvement.
But it's also the case that inventories at Chinese ports SH-TOT-IRONINV have reached record levels, peaking at 132.45 million tonnes in the week to March 24, and falling only slightly since than to 131.4 million for the week to April 10.
Steel output gained 5.8 percent in the first two months of the year from the same period in 2016, providing some justification for the strong iron ore imports.
But with steel production expected to moderate in coming months amid ongoing cuts to capacity and efforts to control pollution, it's likely that iron ore imports will moderate as well.
However, much will depend on how domestic iron ore mines respond to the recent sharp fall in prices, and if they shut some production, it may allow imports to continue to grow.
Spot iron ore prices .IO62-CNO=MB have declined from a peak this year of $94.85 a tonne on Feb. 21 to $68.04 on Thursday, with that 28.3 percent drop certain to hit domestic miners harder than the low-cost exporters in Australia and Brazil.
Coal continued its surprisingly strong run, with imports of 22.09 million tonnes in March, up 24.9 percent from February and 12.2 percent from a year earlier. For the first quarter, imports are 33.8 percent higher at 64.71 million tonnes.
Strong domestic coal prices are likely behind the appetite for imports, and the outlook for imports will depend on whether the authorities are successful in getting coal miners and power utilities to agree to longer-term supply contracts at lower prices.
Lower exports from Australia in the wake of Cyclone Debbie, which shut down much of the coal rail infrastructure in Queensland state, may also cause a downward blip in imports in April and May.
(Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — Police are investigating a video that surfaced Tuesday showing officers shocking a pregnant 17-year-old girl as she screams in agony inside a New York City apartment building.
"Get off of me, get off of me!" the girl yelled as officers attempted to hold her down before using a stun gun — clearly visible in the cellphone video, according to WPIX.
According to the criminal complaint, the girl, Dailene Rosario, who is reportedly 14 weeks pregnant, interfered with the police, screaming at them before finally pushing past one officer. Rosario allegedly shoved the officer into the doorframe of an apartment as she went by.
The incident, which happened around 10 p.m. last Friday, began when officers, responding to an unrelated call at the Bronx building, happened upon a fight involving Rosario's ex-boyfriend and another man, according to the New York Daily News. The scuffle reportedly started over a video game.
When officers tried to handcuff her, Rosario threw herself down and sat on her hands.
"Yo, why are you cuffing me?" Rosario shouted, according to the complaint. "I didn't do anything."
In the cellphone video, Rosario is seen struggling with officers until they shock her with the stun gun. A group of onlookers gathered around the girl repeatedly shout at the officers, "She's pregnant. She's pregnant!"
Rosario is charged with resisting arrest, second degree harassment and disorderly conduct.
“We are aware of the incident,” the NYPD said in a written statement. “It is under internal review.”
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB) are illuminated with a giant euro sign at the start of the ''Luminale, light and building'' event in Frankfurt, Germany, March 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
LONDON The European Central Bank has been saying for some time that the current rise in consumer inflation is based primarily on energy and commodities and won't last.
This has kept most policymakers cautious about changing the bank's message of continuing with its asset buying until the end of the year and not considering tightening until afterwards.
Data on Thursday suggested the caution was warranted. As this graphic -- bit.ly/2olmYTG -- shows, the rise in prices in Germany and Spain eased off markedly this month.
Could the euro zone be next?
Euro zone inflation for March will be released on Friday. Reuters polls suggest it will dip year-on-year to 1.8 percent from 2 percent.
But the decline in Spain and Germany was much steeper.
(Reporting and graphic by Jeremy Gaunt)
This new paper delves into 5G, the next generation wireless technology that promises to connect the world, from remote healthcare to augmented reality, connected cars and robots.
This paper discusses the enormous impact 5G will have on the Internet of Things and the Telecoms industry and the new and exciting business models it will generate.
The paper also explains what 5G actually is, beyond the buzzword and it gives valuable insight into the uncertainty surrounding 5G and cautions against factors beyond technology such as economics, public policy and human psychology.
Want to find out more? Register here and get started on your journey towards a profitable future.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Hunan Fangsheng Pharmaceutical Co Ltd
* Says it received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Hunan Food and Drug Administration on Jan. 31
* Says the valid period is until Jan. 28, 2023
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/bWGJNc
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Even though Southeast Asian jihadists have suffered defeat in Marawi, the continued presence of key leaders pose a threat of renewed violence in the region.
By Bilveer Singh*
A major factor for the continued presence of various jihadi groups in Southeast Asia and the world at large is their ability to quickly regenerate their leaderships following the killings of their leaders in counter-terrorism operations. This is largely true of Al Qaeda and the self-proclaimed Islamic State (IS) as well as jihadi groups in Southeast Asia such as Jemaah Islamiyah and Abu Sayyaf.
In a way, leadership regeneration has become an important part of the organisational model of jihadi groups, which largely explains the difficulties in totally eradicating them.
The Marawi Siege
The Marawi Siege, from May to October 2017, was particularly important as it was an attempt to replicate and transplant a ‘Mosul in Iraq' or ‘Raqqa in Syria' in the Philippines, symbolising Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's reach in Southeast Asia as a whole. This failed but its implications are particularly significant as far as jihadi leadership in the Southeast Asian region is concerned.
While the Marawi Siege started with the Philippine Government's attempt to capture Isnilon Hapilon, the Emir of Islamic State in the Philippines, it went awry, with the Philippine authorities losing control of the highly symbolic Islamic City of Marawi to IS and its supporters.
This was the first time a terrorist group had captured a territory in Southeast Asia, what more in an urban setting and held it for five months. It was akin to a ‘small Mosul' or ‘small Raqqa' in the Philippines. The five months taken to wrest back Marawi City was partly due to the difficulties involved in urban warfare, which advantaged the terrorists holed up in houses and buildings, and holding civilians hostage, including women and children.
More than 1,000 people were killed, including security personnel, civilians and terrorists. Marawi City was severely damaged, becoming the site of the heaviest fighting in the Philippines since the Second World War.
From the perspective of jihadi leadership, probably the most significant consequence of the siege was the death of its key leaders, Isnilon Hapilon and Omarkhayam Maute. This represents a severe blow to the jihadi leadership in the Philippines, especially of the pro-IS groups and directly led to the ending of the Marawi Siege.
However, as conceded by counter-terrorism officials in Malaysia and Indonesia, “the battle may be over but there is still a long way to go as far as the war is concerned”. This is primarily due to the jihadists' ability to regenerate themselves and even more importantly, the fact that many key jihadi leaders are still alive in the Philippines and beyond.
Post-Marawi Jihadi Leaders in Southeast Asia
While ‘Osamaism' and ‘Omarism' have continued in the post-Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar eras in Al Qaeda and Taliban respectively, similarly, the Southeast Asian terrorist landscape continues to be determined by the presence of leading jihadists in the region. While the Jemaah Islamiyah has been decapacitated with the loss of its key leaders such as Imam Samudra, Noordin M Top, Azahari Husin and Dulmatin, the JI continues to be relevant due to its ability to replace its leaders.
In the same manner, the deaths of Hapilon and Omarkhayam have not fundamentally reduced or removed the jihadi threat in the region. Four key leaders continue to be a source of inspiration and leadership for Southeast Asian jihadists. These are Amin Baco, Bahrumsyah, Abu Turaifie and Bahrun Naim:
Amin Baco is of Bugis descent from Sulawesi, a Malaysian born in Sabah who built his jihadi credentials fighting in Jolo and Basilan in Mindanao. He is also the son-in-law of two key Abu Sayyaf commanders, including Hapilon. He is a leading bomb maker, charismatic and respected among the jihadists in Mindanao even though he does not hail from any of the tribes or clans in Mindanao. Amin is the designated leader of IS in Southeast Asia and successor of Hapilon.
Bahrumsyah is probably Indonesia's leading terrorist, being the Emir of the Katibah Nusantara, a Southeast Asian sub-group within IS. He was among the first few Indonesians to support al-Baghdadi and IS, and is highly regarded among the jihadi circles. He is still believed to be in Syria today.
Abu Turaifie, a former member of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF), is the leader of a group known as Muhaajireen Wal Ansar. His group is part of IS in the Philippines. Turaifie is based in Maguindanao Province and his group has had several clashes with the security forces and the MILF group.
Bahrun Naim is a far more junior jihadi operating in Iraq and Syria. While he has been trained to be a suicide bomber in Syria, his talent is more in cyberspace, putting up pro-ISIS propaganda and motivational videos. Some believe that these online videos have played a part in the recruitment of IS supporters in Indonesia, either as fighters in Syria or to undertake violent actions in Indonesia. Unconfirmed reports say Bahrun Naim is now dead.
Implications for Southeast Asia
Southeast Asian jihadists are akin to the many-headed hydra, reviving and surfacing quickly following a successful counter-terrorism operation by the authorities. In the post-Marawi era Amin Baco is believed to be hiding in Basilan or Jolo and is probably planning a counter-attack in the very near future. His links with terrorists in Sulawesi and Sabah, making him, as one analyst puts it, Southeast Asia's first tri-border jihadist.
Added to the Amin factor is the possibility of Bahrumsyah returning to Southeast Asia following the defeat of IS in the Middle East, losing most of its territories in Iraq and Syria. If Bahrun Naim is still alive, both he and Bahrumsyah could return to Indonesia or they could transit through the Philippines' Mindanao region and link up with pro-ISIS jihadists such as Amin and his supporters.
A Bahrumsyah-Bahrun Naim link up with Amin Baco could provide a powerful primer for Southeast Asian jihadists in the post-Marawi era and represent a heightened threat. In short, instead of being euphoric post-Marawi, there is the potential that Southeast Asian security could face an even greater existential threat compared to the past.
There is every reason to be highly vigilant as new jihadi leaders such as Amin Baco, Bahrumsyah and Bahrun Naim could continue to pose a threat post-Marawi. Even though they may be recovering from defeat in the Middle East and Marawi, they may want to launch new violent attacks to demonstrate that IS is ever present.
*Bilveer Singh is an Adjunct Senior Fellow, Centre of Excellence for National Security (CENS), S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), Nanyang Technological University, Singapore and an Associate Professor at the Department of Political Science, National University of Singapore.
CHARLESTON, Ill. — Mack Smith had a career-high 31 points, Montell Goodwin added 23 and Eastern Illinois made 11 of 17 from 3-point range to beat Tennessee Tech 79-71 on Saturday.
Smith, a freshman, was 5 of 7 from 3-point range and 12 of 17 overall from the field. Goodwin made 4 of 5 3-point attempts and 7 of 9 foul shots while grabbing six boards and handing out six assists.
Smith's 3-pointer with 3:21 left in the game capped a 9-3 run and made it 66-53 for the Panthers (8-15, 4-8 Ohio Valley), who ended a four-game skid.
The Golden Eagles (16-9, 8-4) got as close as four on Kajon Mack's 3-pointer that made it 73-69 with 31 seconds left, but Goodwin made all six of his foul shots from there to secure it for Eastern Illinois.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 (Gracenote) - Scores from the U.S. PGA Tour Heritage Classic at the par-71 course on Thursday in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina -8 Bud Cauley (U.S.) 63 -6 Graham DeLaet (Canada) 65 Luke Donald (Britain) 65 Sam Saunders (U.S.) 65 -5 Ian Poulter (Britain) 66 Ben Crane (U.S.) 66 Webb Simpson (U.S.) 66 Danny Lee (New Zealand) 66 Shane Lowry (Ireland) 66 Russell Henley (U.S.) 66 -4 Jason Bohn (U.S.) 67 Anirban Lahiri (India) 67 J.J. Spaun (U.S.) 67 Grayson Murray (U.S.) 67 Cameron Smith (Australia) 67 Harold Varner III (U.S.) 67 Francesco Molinari (Italy) 67 Hideto Tanihara (Japan) 67 -3 Marc Leishman (Australia) 68 Branden Grace (South Africa) 68 Hunter Mahan (U.S.) 68 Pat Perez (U.S.) 68 Jason Dufner (U.S.) 68 Jim Furyk (U.S.) 68 Spencer Levin (U.S.) 68 Brian Gay (U.S.) 68 William McGirt (U.S.) 68 Ollie Schniederjans (U.S.) 68 Jason Kokrak (U.S.) 68 Andrew Johnston (Britain) 68 Rafael Campos (Puerto Rico) 68 Ryan Palmer (U.S.) 68 Martin Kaymer (Germany) 68 Matt Kuchar (U.S.) 68 -2 K.J. Choi (Korea) 69 Rod Pampling (Australia) 69 Wesley Bryan (U.S.) 69 Steve Marino (U.S.) 69 Kang Sung-Hoon (Korea) 69 Mark Anderson (U.S.) 69 Brian Stuard (U.S.) 69 Chad Campbell (U.S.) 69 Kim Meen-Whee (Korea) 69 Billy Hurley III (U.S.) 69 Tyrrell Hatton (Britain) 69 Martin Laird (Britain) 69 Brandt Snedeker (U.S.) 69 Shawn Stefani (U.S.) 69 Tommy Gainey (U.S.) 69 Carl Pettersson (Sweden) 69 Jonas Blixt (Sweden) 69 Nick Taylor (Canada) 69 -1 Vijay Singh (Fiji) 70 David Hearn (Canada) 70 Mark Hubbard (U.S.) 70 Camilo Villegas (Colombia) 70 Chris Kirk (U.S.) 70 Russell Knox (Britain) 70 Johnson Wagner (U.S.) 70 Zachary Blair (U.S.) 70 Ernie Els (South Africa) 70 Tyrone Van Aswegen (South Africa) 70 Ryo Ishikawa (Japan) 70 Kyle Reifers (U.S.) 70 Yuta Ikeda (Japan) 70 Patrick Cantlay (U.S.) 70 John Huh (U.S.) 70 Kevin Na (U.S.) 70 Charles Howell III (U.S.) 70 Stewart Cink (U.S.) 70 Billy Horschel (U.S.) 70 0 Troy Merritt (U.S.) 71 Steven Bowditch (Australia) 71 D.A. Points (U.S.) 71 Andrew Loupe (U.S.) 71 Bill Haas (U.S.) 71 Roberto Castro (U.S.) 71 Michael Kim (U.S.) 71 Brian Harman (U.S.) 71 Danny Willett (Britain) 71 Alex Cejka (Germany) 71 Ben Martin (U.S.) 71 Vaughn Taylor (U.S.) 71 Peter Malnati (U.S.) 71 Kyle Stanley (U.S.) 71 Pan Cheng Tsung (Chinese Taipei) 71 Aaron Baddeley (Australia) 71 Adam Hadwin (Canada) 71 Blayne Barber (U.S.) 71 Ryan Blaum (U.S.) 71 1 John Senden (Australia) 72 David Lingmerth (Sweden) 72 Davis Love III (U.S.) 72 John Peterson (U.S.) 72 Patton Kizzire (U.S.) 72 Graeme McDowell (Britain) 72 James Hahn (U.S.) 72 Boo Weekley (U.S.) 72 Kevin Kisner (U.S.) 72 Lucas Glover (U.S.) 72 Derek Fathauer (U.S.) 72 Dominic Bozzelli (U.S.) 72 Scott Brown (U.S.) 72 Brett Stegmaier (U.S.) 72 Robert Garrigus (U.S.) 72 Kelly Kraft (U.S.) 72 Fredrik Jacobson (Sweden) 72 Greg Chalmers (Australia) 72 2 J.J. Henry (U.S.) 73 Matthew Fitzpatrick (Britain) 73 Charley Hoffman (U.S.) 73 Daniel Summerhays (U.S.) 73 Geoff Ogilvy (Australia) 73 Ricky Barnes (U.S.) 73 Bryce Molder (U.S.) 73 Bryson DeChambeau (U.S.) 73 Trey Mullinax (U.S.) 73 3 Morgan Hoffmann (U.S.) 74 Harris English (U.S.) 74 Michael Thompson (U.S.) 74 Chez Reavie (U.S.) 74 Fabian Gomez (Argentina) 74 Matt Every (U.S.) 74 Rafael Cabrera-Bello (Spain) 74 4 Luke List (U.S.) 75 Ken Duke (U.S.) 75 Keegan Bradley (U.S.) 75 5 Chad Collins (U.S.) 76 Robert Streb (U.S.) 76 6 Jim Herman (U.S.) 77 7 Jin Cheng (China) 78 10 Brooks Blackburn (U.S.) 81
TOKYO Japanese companies should use the U.S.-Japan economic dialogue as an opportunity to boost investment in factories in the United States and protect market share, a Japanese government adviser said on Thursday.
Japan should also welcome any opportunity to negotiate a two-way free trade deal to improve relations with one of its most important economic partners, said Motoshige Ito, a member of the government's top advisory panel on economics.
Japan should also offer to buy U.S. shale oil and gas if U.S. President Donald Trump's administration seeks ways to cut its trade deficit, Ito told Reuters in an interview.
"The U.S. market is important, so Japanese companies would naturally consider investing more to protect their position," said Ito, a professor at Gakushuin University.
"The trade relationship has evolved and Japan can't do much to reduce exports. However, Japan can increase U.S. imports, and shale gas would be mutually beneficial."
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence meets Japanese Finance Minister Aso in Tokyo on April 18 for the first U.S.-Japan economic dialogue, a forum Japan proposed to the Trump administration.
Trump, who took office in January on the back of campaign promises to scale back free trade and prevent jobs from going overseas, has sparked concern about a possible reprise of 1980s trade friction that strained U.S.-Japan ties.
Showing how Japanese companies are adapting, Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) on Monday said it would spend $1.33 billion in its Kentucky plant, as part of a $10-billion investment plan in the United States over the next five years.
Japanese government officials have said they want to use the talks to sell Japanese infrastructure and buy U.S. shale oil.
Such a strategy could benefit both countries since the Trump administration wants to upgrade U.S. infrastructure and Japan is overly dependent on Middle Eastern crude, Ito said.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
April 20 CPI Card Group Inc-
* CPI Card Group announces ceo retirement plan and succession process
* Steve Montross will be retiring from his position as president and chief executive officer
* CPI Card Group Inc - board will implement succession plan and immediately begin search for a new ceo with assistance of leading executive search firm
* CPI Card Group - montross will continue to serve as president and ceo through earlier of date on which company appoints a successor or december 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
A 24-hour pedal power event in Leeds will kick-start a new appeal to find 50,000 new organ donors across Yorkshire within just six months.
Organ donation charity Be A Hero's ‘Yorkshire to 50k' challenge from 10am on September 4 in Millennium Square will see six static bikes powering a seven-foot-tall inflatable heart.
If each of us can inspire just one friend or family member to sign the register, it'll go a long way to saving lives in the future. Justin Grace
Volunteers will pedal through day and night to keep Yorkshire's heart inflated for 24 hours. It will be attended by British Cycling's Head Sprint Coach and liver transplant recipient, Justin Grace, and Olympic cyclist Katy Marchant, from Leeds. Only around a third of people in Yorkshire, around 1.9 million, have registered a wish to donate organs after their death - whilst there are nearly 500 people waiting for a transplant in the region.
In 2016/17, 115 people in Yorkshire donated organs after their death. Between them, these people donated over 300 organs so others might receive a life-changing transplant.
In Leeds, 28 individuals donated organs after their death. Because of their sacrifice, 81 patients received a life changing transplant, including some who had a much-needed multi-organ transplant.
Dr Justin McKinlay, of Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, said: “One person has the remarkable ability to save up to nine lives by donating their organs when they die. If we can inspire 50,000 people to sign the donor register, we can ensure a brighter future for the people of Yorkshire, and beyond, who are awaiting a life changing transplant.
Mr Grace, who had a liver transplant at St James's Hospital in November, said: “If each of us can inspire just one friend or family member to sign the register, it'll go a long way to saving lives in the future.”
For more details visit: www.leedsth.nhs.uk/be-a-hero
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent. “The Man” was recorded with the producer Jacknife Lee during album sessions in Las Vegas and Los Angeles. The song finds frontman Brandon Flowers looking back on his younger self, the persona from their Grammy-nominated debut Hot Fuss, and reconciling that wide-eyed character with the man he is now.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
Nintendo doesn't do new that often but when it does, you're guaranteed two things. Firstly, you'll get a new and unexpected spin on a well-worn genre and secondly, they'll get it right.
ARMS, Nintendo's new fighting game, is no exception to this rule.
Although it's a fighting game, it's not stepping on the toes of Super Smash Bros, the company's beloved, more traditional fighting franchise that sees Nintendo's stable of video game stars duking it out against each other.
Instead ARMS pulls inspiration from the old NES favourite Punch Out!!. That's because the game offers a similar third-person, behind-the-back view and is essentially, at its core, a boxing game. Albeit a fanciful, fast-paced and frantic one.
Advertisement
Nintendo has streamlined the usual complex button combos and systems you find in fighting games in favour of a far simpler approach. You can punch, block, throw and ... that's pretty much it.
Defensively, there's dash and jump and after dealing a certain amount of damage you can unleash a special move, but it's all very easy to learn and, more importantly, execute.
The system is that long punches can be blocked but blocking leaves you open to grabs. It's simplistic, yes, but boy is it hard to master. Like boxing, you're always searching and looking for your opportunity to strike. ARMS is tactical, although that term belies how frantic its bouts get.
The quirky Nintendo spin is revealed in the game's title: each of the 10 available boxers has gangly, springy arms that can be equipped with various power gloves. The spring-enhanced arms allow you to punch from huge distance curving your arms around obstacles or defensive blocks, while the depth comes in equipping the right kind of glove to combat the strengths of your opponents. In a neat twist, you can mix them up ... say rockets on one hand, and a lumbering but powerful ball on the other.
The fighter design is top notch, each boxer full of character and, it has to be said, pretty cool looking. So it's a wasted opportunity that there's not much filling out of their backstories. Or any story to speak of at all. That side of things is disappointingly bare bones.
Despite its kid-friendly look you need to know that the AI here is not fooling around. It's easy enough to cruise through the early rounds of the single-player Grand Prix mode. This is basically 10 bouts, some of which are mini-games. But when you hit the halfway mark it gets brutal. Expect to get more than a few beat downs as you move up in difficulty.
Although some of the gimmicks are fun, some really don't land, such as the volleyball mini-game or the infuriating characters that have partners with them. It's more difficult than it should be to target the sidekick instead of the main opponent, and when you hit the harder difficulties, it gets infuriating.
But the tactical challenge of the game kept me coming back, with each well-fought victory feeling hard-earned and incredibly satisfying. And although I wonder whether it can go the distance, especially as a single-player experience, there's no denying that so far it's been a lot of fun.
ARMS is a strong contender, especially for fight fans, but a few niggling snags keep it from being a king hit.
Platform:
Nintendo Switch
Rating:
M (violence)
Verdict:
A quirky and fun spin on boxing but its longevity is questionable
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Aviation police released Emelia Florano, 71, who was found with a caliber .38 revolver with ammunition at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) after she posted bail. Supt. Alex Lim, NAIA Terminal 1–Aviation Security Group chief, said Florano admitted upon interrogation that she inadvertently took a case where the gun has been securely placed before she left home for NAIA last Saturday. He said the gun is owned by Florano's son who is a retired United States Navy personnel. Florano was sche­duled to fly to Los Angeles, California via Seoul, South Korea when held at the NAIA terminal 1 departure area after personnel of the Office for Transportation Office discovered the gun and 32 pieces of ammunition inside her bag.
Meghan King Edmonds is ready for her babies!
The former Real Housewives of Orange County star proved that even at 36 weeks pregnant with twins, mommy duty to 17-month-old daughter Aspen doesn't have a pause button.
King Edmonds spent some time in the pool with her toddler with husband Jim Edmonds before two baby boys join the family.
“⚠Warning⚠: Use protective eyewear when viewing this photo! 😎” she captioned a photo on Instagram, in which Aspen sports swim goggles while she dons some shades. King Edmonds, clad in a yellow string bikini, added the hashtag #36weekspregnantwithtwins.
The expectant mom continued to document her poolside day on her Instagram stories, sharing a video showing her legs and stomach as she lounges on a chair.
“I may or may not be naked, who knows anymore,” she captioned the post, joking about how her bathing suit bottoms are obscured by her belly in the shot. “I'm not even sure.”
Meghan King Edmonds Meghan Edmonds/Instagram
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Another snap showed Meghan standing in the water as Aspen climbs on the pool's stairs, where she joked that she was wearing a prosthetic belly due to its extreme size. She then re-captioned the picture to confirm that's her real stomach, with a heart drawn around it.
“Ps I'm measuring 47 weeks pregnant nbd,” she wrote. “So you prob don't look as big as me but thanks for the consolation.”
The 33-year-old also shared a side view of herself sitting on a chair captioned, “RIP, lap.”
Meghan King Edmonds Meghan Edmonds/Instagram
Meghan King Edmonds Meghan Edmonds/Instagram
Meghan King Edmonds Meghan Edmonds/Instagram
Meghan told PEOPLE that she had officially reached the discomfort stage of her pregnancy while 33 weeks along.
“I'm getting miserable,” she said, laughing. “I feel like the babies are like, in my ears. And most definitely in my lungs. I am really struggling with breathing. You can really tell in my Instagram Stories. I'll listen to them back and I'm breathing so heavily just doing nothing. Plus, I can't feel my legs. And bending over is, like, a thing in the past.”
“I'm so ridiculously pregnant, I can hardly move off the couch,” she added. “We just had a cleaning lady come today — I don't even know how she did, because I'm too tired to look. That's where I'm at.”
RELATED: Meghan King Edmonds Compares Bare Baby Bellies While 33 Weeks Pregnant with Twins
Making matters even harder is that the former reality star has to keep up with Aspen.
“I have a nanny and she's been so good — and Jimmy's been so helpful too — but waking up with Aspen in the morning, that's even hard,” Meghan explained. “I can get her out of the crib and stuff, but going up and down my stairs is tough. I want her to be able to have fun and go to the park, but I can't walk around the park anymore. It makes me sad. It's a hard place to be.”
Luckily, Meghan's situation is temporary. While 40 weeks is full-term for a single baby, twins are considered full-term at 37 weeks, with the average twin pregnancy lasting 36 weeks.
“I just left the doctor and basically, it could be any day,” she said. “Ideally I'd like to make it to 34, 35. They'll be fine if I gave birth right now. They might have to spend some extra time in the hospital, but they'll be fine.”
CHARLES CITY COUNTY, Va. — There are no injuries after a large fire destroyed a home in Charles City County Monday afternoon.
Henrico Fire units are assisting Charles City County with the fire located at a home in the 8200 block of Little Elam Road. The block is shut down as crews battle the blaze.
The fire destroyed the home and personal property around the home, according to Henrico Fire Captain Rob Rowley. A large wooded area was also burned nearby.
Officials are still trying to determine the cause of the fire and if originated outside the home.
There was one occupant inside the home at the time of the fire. They escaped without injuries.
The fire has been marked under control.
Stay with CBS 6 for the latest on this developing story.
Witnesses can send news tips and photos here.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
JERUSALEM, March 29 (Reuters) -
* Mizrahi-Tefahot Bank said on Wednesday it expects to raise more than 2.7 billion shekels ($746 million) in a bond offering to institutions and the public.
* The bank, Israel's third-largest by assets, said demand for the expansion of two bond series from institutional investors reached 4.8 billion shekels. The public stage will take place in the coming days.
* One series is for 7.2 year bonds that pay 2.73 percent, or 0.84 point above comparable government bonds.
* Another series is for 4.8 year bonds that will pay 1.95 percent, or 0.71 point above comparable government bonds.
* The bonds are rated "AAA" with a stable outlook from Standard & Poor's Maalot.
* ($1 = 3.6213 shekels) (Reporting by Steven Scheer)
Contaminated heroin putting users at risk in Los Angeles
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Authorities say black tar heroin in Los Angeles may be contaminated with bacteria that can cause death, putting injection drug users at greatest risk.
The Los Angeles County Department of Public Health says Tuesday it's investigating three suspected cases of wound botulism from heroin use.
The illness can be mistaken for a drug overdose and includes symptoms including drooping eyelids, blurred vision and trouble breathing.
Officials warn that contaminated drugs look the same as drugs that do not contain bacteria. And "cooking," or heating, the heroin will not kill the bacteria.
Botulism can spread between users who share needles.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Monday, August 14, 2017 - KUSI's Michael Turko wraps up another case with a big win tonight for a veteran who was left toothless. Turko says he's a local musician who thought his flute-playing days were done but now he's back in the game. In Dehesa, a tug-of-war continues between a homeowners association and the postal service.
MUMBAI, April 3 B.P. Kanungo, a long-serving official with India's central bank, took over as a deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India on Monday for a three-year term, overseeing a portfolio including currency management, debt management, and payment and settlements.
Kanungo's appointment was announced by the government on March 11. He will replace R. Gandhi as one of four deputy governors at the RBI.
Kanungo, 57, started at the RBI in 1982 and has worked in several departments including foreign exchange management, the central bank said in the statement. He was most recently executive director before his promotion. (Reporting by Rafael Nam; Editing by Sunil Nair)
MADRID, April 23 Lionel Messi delivered a majestic Clasico display to silence the Santiago Bernabeu as the Argentine scored his 500th Barcelona goal to snatch a thrilling 3-2 win at Real Madrid on Sunday.
Messi scored twice with his stunning second strike settling a pulsating clash in the last minute of stoppage time, drawing Barcelona level with Madrid on 75 points at the top of La Liga, although Los Blancos have a game in hand.
The stand-out player in a magnificent match, Messi was a nightmare for Real Madrid whose captain Sergio Ramos was sent off for a hasty two-footed lunge at the Argentine while Casemiro was lucky to avoid red for repeated fouls on the No. 10.
Barcelona struggled on the night but Messi led them through the game and was the decisive figure on a dramatic occasion that leaves the Spanish title race wide open.
"(Messi) even makes a difference when he's at home having dinner," joked Barcelona coach Luis Enrique after the game.
"He's the best of all time and I have seen a lot of football matches and videos. Now people are better prepared and he makes the difference. And this was his 500th goal.
"Just imagine, his 500th goal coming here, a winner in the 92nd minute at the Santiago Bernabeu. It's very nice for Leo and it's nice for everyone associated with Barça."
Casemiro went into the book for a foul on Messi in the 12th minute as Barcelona's all-time top scorer frequently dropped into midfield to help the team develop moves.
"He allowed us to have superiority in midfield, we wanted him on the ball as often as possible,” added Luis Enrique.
Messi was singled out for praise by several teammates after his virtuoso performance helped Barcelona take three points from a game in which they were under pressure for long periods.
Captain Andres Iniesta said: "Leo's greatness doesn't stop surprising us. He is an honour for us and a blessing for the club. We all have to stay with him to have a chance of lifting the title."
Marc-Andre ter Stegen, who made several important saves to keep Real Madrid at bay in the second half, also hailed Messi.
"He's the player that makes the difference, a very special player," said the German goalkeeper. “The rest of us made a very big effort and together we earned the victory." (Editing by Ken Ferris)
April 12 Virbac SA:
* First quarter 2017 sales down, strongly impacted by stock effects in the distribution
* Consolidated sales in Q1 amounted to 199.7 million euros ($211.82 million), down by 5.5 pct compared to same period in 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9428 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 28 (Reuters) -
* Iqiyi signs licensing agreement with Netflix for popular shows
* Iqiyi- deal covers Netflix's premium shows such as sci-fi series black mirror and stranger things for simultaneous premier in china
* Iqiyi- deal also expected to help drive out pirated contents in chinese market by feeding local viewers with copyrighted contents of high definition
* Iqiyi-Licensing agreement with Netflix to give iqiyi streaming rights in china to netflix's popular dramas, cartoons, documentaries and reality shows Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Pengrowth Energy Corp
* Pengrowth delivers transformational debt reduction in first quarter driven by asset sales
* Pengrowth energy corp - company delivered q1 funds flow from operations of $0.05 per share
* Pengrowth energy corp - since start of 2017 pengrowth has closed or expects to close $707 million of asset sales
* Pengrowth energy corp - achieved q1 average daily production of 52,957 boe per day
* Pengrowth energy corp - at end of quarter, pengrowth elected to close out its 2017 oil risk management contracts at a cost of $12.7 million
* Pengrowth energy corp - "at this time has no oil risk management contracts in place"
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
LONDON — Luxembourg's red-light district could soon be a home for bankers escaping Brexit.
As the Grand Duchy prepares to welcome financiers relocating from the UK, a lack of housing has pushed the price of relatively modest family homes beyond the €1-million ($1.2-million) mark.
That's led to edgier areas being developed to keep up with demand, according to real estate brokers in the tiny country, attracting City of London firms looking for a foothold on the continent.
“These days, all neighborhoods in Luxembourg are being explored,” said Julien Pillot at estate agency Inowai SA. That includes the seedy area of the nation's capital dubbed Luxembourg city's answer to the Bronx.
One luxurious project called “Soho” has sprung up around the rue de Strasbourg, which is slowly shedding its former reputation as a cutthroat no-go-area populated by drug pushers and pimps.
Fifty-seven flats out of about 150 in total are planned to be ready before the summer, according to the project's website, which features busy young people walking with their children and others driving Lexus, BMW and Mercedes cars. About 70% in the first project have already been reserved, with a handful of two-to-three bedroom options still up for grabs for between €566,814 and €869,734.
Just around the block, ING Luxembourg SA recently took over most of the office space in another major project right opposite the train station that was finalized in 2017. It includes 31 apartments where some of its staff will be housed.
Luxembourg has already become the nation of choice for several insurers, funds and banks relocating from the UK as it prepares to leave the European Union (EU). Insurance giant American International Group, Inc., US insurer FM Global, RSA Insurance Group Plc and Lloyd's of London insurer Hiscox Plc, as well as private-equity firm Blackstone and asset managers such as M&G Investments, have all chosen Luxembourg as their new EU hub. JPMorgan Chase & Co. also plans to move some London-based bankers to Luxembourg.
In all, Brexit could create an additional 3,000 jobs with a growing number of companies expected to set up their new EU base there — adding to the demand for houses and apartments.
If sharing the streets with drug pushers and pimps doesn't appeal, there are other options in Luxembourg city, the nation's capital. But none is cheap.
The most coveted and most expensive districts of Luxembourg city are Belair, Limpertsberg, Merl and Kirchberg, just a bike-ride or even a walk away from most offices, shops and restaurants. Homes, even the occasional “maison de maitre” 19th century town house, can easily cost more than €2 million for at least four bedrooms.
“Prices keep increasing,” said Angelique Sabron of brokers JLL Residential. A million euros might just be enough to buy a new house near the city center, and in the city's most coveted areas it will pay for a two-bedroom flat at most, brokers said.
The upward trend in Luxembourg contrasts with London, which has seen a Brexit-fueled downturn in its sky-high rents and property prices.
The nation's housing prices rose 4.9% in the last quarter of 2017 from a year earlier, according to statistics published by Luxembourg's Statec in February. The average price for a house is just under €650,000. This rises to about €1 million for a house in the center of the country, roughly double of what a house would cost in the north.
The trend is pushing more and more people away from the city, even across the border to nearby France and Germany, where cheaper and spacious housing is still available. It comes at the cost of a nightmarish commute.
While Luxembourg's housing ministry dismisses the idea of a housing crisis, it recognizes the growing pressure on prices as a result of the nation's attractive position as a financial-services center. The net number of people moving to Luxembourg is growing by about 13,000 people every year, according to Jean-Paul Marc, first government counselor at the housing ministry.
“That corresponds approximately to 6,000 new homes needed per year and this is what we're in the process of catching up on,” said Mr. Marc.
Luxembourg has long-term plans for its city — where it sees the biggest housing challenges — to make life more enjoyable. The train station area is cited as part of this redevelopment plan, with zones in need of “urgent action.”
Other towns just outside the city have also been growing in price, with the arrival of new schools, and the chance to get a patch of garden with a house.
A four-bedroom house in Strassen is typically put on the market for about €1.3 million, compared with an average of €1.2 million in the city center, according to the Luxembourg Institute of Socio-Economic Research.
Such areas “are in high demand because they offer everything a family is looking for: shops close by, a good quality of schools, good transport connections and proximity to their place of work,” said Elodie Gesquiere-Rouyer, account manager at JLL.
Back in the city, local police offer some reassuring words for would-be residents of the rue de Strasbourg, which, despite a big choice of fastfood outlets and bars, is still a magnet for drug-addicts and men on the lookout for prostitutes.
It could change with time, said Marc Schroeder deputy head of group of the approximate 30-officer police force in the area.
“It's not that it's dangerous, you just have to be a bit careful,” said Mr. Schroeder. “But it's true that you'll find weird people here.” — Bloomberg
(Adds background, detail)
By Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi
ZURICH, April 13 Cyclone Debbie cost Swiss Re an estimated $350 million and the insurance industry roughly $1.3 billion, the world's second-biggest reinsurer said on Thursday, an unusually high loss that could see reinsurance prices rise in Australia.
Cyclone Debbie, a Category 4 storm, slammed into Australia on March 28. The storm, one level shy of the most powerful Category 5, killed six people, smashed tourist resorts, brought down power lines and shut coal mines, before moving on to New Zealand.
"We are a lead reinsurer in this market and estimate that Cyclone Debbie has caused higher commercial and corporate losses compared to similar events in the past," Swiss Re Chief Underwriting Officer Matthias Weber said in a statement.
Reinsurers act as financial backstops for insurance companies and help them pay for large claims from hurricanes or earthquakes in exchange for part of the premiums.
The high losses were a result of the densely populated, commercially active area the storm hit, a spokeswoman said, with hundreds of residential and commercial buildings flooded and thousands of residents and businesses evacuated from the region.
The disaster zone stretched 1,000 km (600 miles) from Queensland state's tropical resort islands and Gold Coast tourist strip to the farmlands of New South Wales state.
Five miners in the cyclone-hit region, including BHP Billiton and Glencore, have declared force majeure -- a clause typically invoked after natural disasters -- since multiple landslides and flooding knocked out major coal rail networks.
Despite hindering profits, higher catastrophe costs can ease pressure on pricing in the reinsurance markets.
The expensive cyclone may lead to a rise in Australian property & casualty reinsurance pricing in the next July or January contract renewals rounds, a spokeswoman said. However, the event did not impact business written in April, which is largely concentrated in Asia.
Shares in Swiss Re fell 0.9 percent by mid-morning, lagging Europe's overall insurance index, which was down 0.5 percent.
"The loss from cyclone Debbie is higher than expected and reflects a bad start to the year because this high-claims event will not reduce reinsurance capacity in the market," Vontobel analyst Stefan Schuermann said in a note. (Additional reporting by Joshua Franklin, editing by John Revill and Michael Shields)
Stewart, Loyd help Storm beat Liberty 77-62
NEW YORK (AP) — Breanna Stewart and Jewell Loyd scored 21 points apiece to help the Seattle Storm beat the New York Liberty 77-62 on Tuesday night.
Stewart made 9 of 12 from the field, grabbed eight rebounds and had three steals. Natasha Howard added 13 points and Sue Bird had 11 assists for Seattle. The Storm (13-5) moved into a tie with Phoenix atop the WNBA standings.
Stewart made back-to-back baskets to spark a 14-0 run that gave Seattle an 11-point lead when Bird hit two free throws with 32.1 seconds left in the first half. Epiphanny Prince answered with two foul shots, but Loyd's putback of an airball by Howard at the buzzer made it 39-28 at the break and the Liberty trailed by double figures the rest of the way.
Bria Hartley led New York with 16 points. The Liberty (5-12) have lost six of their last seven games.
The Storm had 25 assists on 30 field goals.
REGINA — Defensive back Kacy Rodgers II was released by the Saskatchewan Roughriders on Saturday to pursue an NFL opportunity.
The 25-year-old spent the last two seasons with the Roughriders and played in 25 regular-season games.
Rodgers had 74 defensive tackles, one quarterback sack and one interception which he returned 50 yards for a touchdown. He added 12 defensive tackles in two playoff games in 2017.
Rodgers was set to become a free agent on Feb. 13.
Jennifer Hudson needed four days and a fleet of cranes to decorate her house for Christmas.
The 'Spotlight' singer goes all out for the festive season and had a lighting spectacular constructed in the grounds of her home last month.
She admitted: "For Christmas there's four cranes outside the house and they're putting lights up. It took four days for them to do it this year. I am serious about it."
Jennifer - who has eight-year-old son David Jr. with former fiance David Otunga - began her Christmas preparations on November 1, as soon as her Halloween celebrations were over.
Speaking on 'The Ellen DeGeneres Show', in an interview which will air on Monday (12.11.17), she said: "No really guys. In my house the day after Halloween that is when my holiday season starts. So the next day after Halloween I was embarrassed, I ain't going to lie. My whole yard was lit up it's like a holiday forest, full of lights, in my yard, the day after Halloween.
"The airport, O'Hare airport, the people who decorate O'Hare airport, remember the movie 'Home Alone', remember that Christmas decoration as you go up the hallway he is running to get the plane, the same people who decorated that decorate my house.
But 'The Voice' star does not think her neighbours are fazed by the brightness coming from her home, as she believes she is actually doing the locals a favour by lighting up the entire street with her decorations.
She explained: "Well my other neighbour will warn me about the lights, like 'You know this will run up your light bill now, you make sure you turn out all of your lights because its a lot of lights'. But it lights up the block so that's a good thing.
"That's why I work so hard."
The logo of German car manufacturer Audi is seen at a building of a car dealer in Duebendorf, Switzerland November 22, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
BERLIN Labor leaders at Volkswagen's (VOWG_p.DE) luxury Audi brand have asked top management to assign production of an all-electric model to the carmaker's main plant in Germany, concerned they might lose out as electric cars gain in importance.
Audi will next year start building its first mass-produced electric model, the e-tron quattro sport-utility vehicle, at a plant in Brussels, together with batteries that will also be used in other VW group electric vehicles (EVs).
Volkswagen's (VW) main profit contributor plans to launch three all-electric models by 2020 and workers at Audi's main plant in Ingolstadt don't want to be left behind in the race for production.
"Our core factory must be prepared further for the future," Audi's top labor representative, Peter Mosch, told a gathering of 7,000 workers on Wednesday at the Ingolstadt plant which employs about 43,000 people.
"None of our colleagues must fall off the conveyer belt as we move into the future," deputy works council chief Max Waecker said.
Chief Executive Rupert Stadler has previously said Audi's smaller German plant in Neckarsulm where 16,000 workers assemble the higher-end A6, A7 and A8 models, will start making battery-only vehicles from about 2020.
Mosch, who sits on parent VW's supervisory board, asked top management to provide specific information as to how the growing shift to electric cars and digital services will affect employment at Audi, which has 88,000 workers globally.
Audi has previously been reluctant to embrace all-electric drive technology but the success of Tesla and arch rival BMW's "i" series of electric cars has convinced Audi there is a market for electric luxury vehicles after all.
Daimler on Wednesday also said it was accelerating its electric car program.
Audi's e-tron quattro, powered by three electric engines, is expected to run for over 500 km (311 miles) per charge based on a 95 kWh battery pack that can be fully recharged in about 50 minutes.
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
March 31 Carvana Co
* Carvana Co files for IPO of up to $100 million of Class A common stock - SEC filing
* Carvana Co - intends to list class a common stock on New York Stock Exchange under symbol “CVNA”
* Carvana Co says Wells Fargo Securities, BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank Securities and Baird are among the underwriters to IPO
* Carvana co says William Blair, BMO Capital Markets and JMP Securities are among the underwriters to IPO
* Carvana co - proposed IPO price is an estimate solely for purpose of calculating SEC registration fee Source text: (bit.ly/2oj6KgH)
The researchers found, based on a large database of meteorological records, that there already has been a wind energy decline in key regions of China from 1979 through 2015. And they found that this had happened in concert with an overall warming trend, although natural climate fluctuations also played a role.
The change occurred, McElroy said, because the Asian continent has been warming up faster than the Pacific Ocean offshore.
"The circulation of the atmosphere over East Asia is what's called a monsoonal circulation, driven by the temperature contrast between the land and the sea," he said. "In winter, that temperature contrast is trending down."
China, the world's largest emitter of carbon dioxide by a considerable margin, has already installed well more than 100 gigawatts of wind energy, considerably more than any other nation. So the new research plainly shows how climate change can render itself harder to fight.
"This is a very important result because it highlights the many negative impacts of climate change," Dan Kammen, an energy policy expert at the University of California at Berkeley, said of the China study, with which he was familiar but not involved.
These changes in China already seem to be happening. But the second study, published Monday in Nature Geoscience and apparently the first comprehensive look at wind energy resources under climate change, projects forward to the future using 10 climate change models. And it finds more of the same across the mid-latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere — a key area for wind energy installation from the United States to Europe to China — even as under some scenarios, the models show a growth of wind resources in the tropics and the Southern Hemisphere.
"What we found is that global warming will reduce the wind energy resource across much of the Northern Hemisphere, especially in the central U.S.," said Karnauskas, who conducted the work with university colleagues Julie Lundquist and Lei Zhang.
Based on high and low scenarios for the volume of greenhouse gas emissions, Karnauskas's study found declines on the order of 10 per cent to 40 per cent of potential wind energy in the Northern Hemisphere middle latitudes by 2100. For the central United States, it showed declines by 8 per cent or 10 per cent by 2050, depending on whether the world follows a lower or higher greenhouse gas emissions scenario.
Meanwhile, wind energy potential in Southern Hemisphere regions such as East Brazil, West Africa and East Australia increased significantly in the models, but only under high emissions scenarios. That's a trade-off, but hardly a simple one: The majority of current wind installations are in the Northern Hemisphere, as is the majority of global population and thus, naturally, global energy demand.
The changes in wind energy potential found in Karnauskas's study had a different cause than in McElroy's — at least for the Northern Hemisphere. This was the reduction in the temperature difference between the Arctic and the mid-latitudes, as the Arctic warms up at a considerably faster rate. This changing temperature gradient is already being blamed by some climate scientists for altering mid-latitude weather.
It's important to emphasize that in no case are we talking about a vanishing of the wind resource — rather, it's a fractional decline. Turbines will still draw energy from the winds, but the overall potential could be less.
"The reduction over that 40-year period is roughly 10 per cent," said McElroy, referring to what has already occurred in China. "That's a big deal, but it's not a game changer."
Furthermore, these studies looked at wind energy installations on land surfaces — not coastal offshore installations, which are growing in number, or true deepwater installations, which are only beginning at the moment. These could present a different story.
Nonetheless, the new research underscores that, if we are going to rely on the natural processes of the Earth to counter the ways in which we're changing the Earth, we should be ready for the occasional curveball.
"I don't think that it says, let's not employ wind energy as part of the solution to climate change," said Karnauskas. "It's always been cast as one piece of the pie that makes up a strategy to reduce emissions. But it also means that it is precariously sensitive to the climate state itself."
× Watch Unity Prayer & Reconciliation Rally after racist violence in Charlottesville
RICHMOND, Va. — After a white nationalist protest turned violent and deadly in Charlottesville, hundreds back in Richmond attended a Unity Prayer & Reconciliation Rally Sunday night.
The event was at the Reconciliation Statue downtown at 15th & E. Main Street.
Delegate Delores McQuinn organized the event, which included Governor Terry McAuliffe as a speaker.
Hundreds showed up to send prayers and to sing “We Shall Overcome.”
You can hear Gov. McAuliffe's speech in the video below, or click here to see the whole event.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Limited time only:
Get Awesome member benefits for $35.88/year. Access Classes, Stats, Priority Directory listing and more!
American regulators have proposed a major loosening of the Volcker rule ban on banks gambling their own money in the markets, as Trump appointees cut back a centrepiece of the reforms sparked by the last financial crisis.
Led by the Federal Reserve, regulators on Wednesday unveiled a range of changes that will soothe long-standing bank grievances, outlining a “Volcker 2.0” plan that they said would save banks from “undue burden” without sacrificing safety.
One key proposal would tailor Volcker compliance rules according to size so that only banks with the biggest trading operations would be subject to the strictest rules. Another would make it easier for banks to show they are engaged in market-making, which is permitted, rather than speculation.
According to prepared remarks for a Wednesday public meeting, Jay Powell, the Fed chair appointed by President Donald Trump, said regulators were seeking to “replace overly complex and inefficient requirements with a more streamlined set of requirements”.
With Trump critics accusing regulators of trying to undo Dodd-Frank, Mr Powell said the Fed was not challenging the view enshrined in the law that federally insured banks should not engage in proprietary trading. The proposal “is faithful to both the text and the spirit of the law”, he said.
Assets
The Fed's proposal, which was sent to its board of governors ahead of the Wednesday meeting, would tailor the Volcker compliance regime to three different categories of banking entities, with 18 banks falling into the largest group with gross trading assets and liabilities of at least $10 billion (€8.6 billion).
It would also seek to simplify regulatory requirements by giving banks new quantitative “bright-line rules” to provide more clarity on what activities are prohibited and permitted.
In an important win for banks, regulators are proposing to drop a proprietary trading test that involved establishing the intent of traders. They want to replace it with a requirement for banks to establish their own “internal risk limits” to ensure they are meeting the demands of customers and not placing bets.
The Volcker rule, which ran to 964 pages of regulation, was designed to stop banks with government-insured deposits from putting taxpayer money at risk by engaging in dangerous market gambling with their own money.
Overly complex
Banks criticised the rule for being muddled and overly complex and blamed it for inhibiting market making activity meant to be permitted.
Fed is seeking public comment on its proposals and will be followed by four other regulators that jointly oversee the Volcker rule, including the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
The rule helped to drive significant structural changes on Wall Street by forcing banks to close their stand-alone proprietary trading desks and encouraging them to shrink the size of their trading books. It also prevented banks from investing in hedge funds and private equity firms.
According to prepared remarks, Randal Quarles, the Fed's regulatory chief, stressed that the proposal was a “best first effort” at simplifying and tailoring the Volcker rule.
“I view this proposal as an important milestone in comprehensive Volcker rule reform, but not the completion of our work,” he said.
– Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
Ashley Rewinkel, an employee at State Nebraska Bank, received the first quarter Congeniality Award during Friday's Chamber Coffee.
The award was presented by Jeany Harris, Chairperson of the Wayne Ambassadors.
Rewinkel was recognized for her ability to make connections with people in the community and the fact that because she grew up in the area, knows the customers.
Rewinkel said she was surprised by the award, but became suspicious when her mother and several other bank employees arrived at Chamber Coffee.
The Congeniality Award is presented four times a year by the Ambassadors to someone within a business who embodies the spirit of an ambassador to the community.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Yes Bank Ltd:
* SAYS CAPITAL RAISING COMMITTEE APPROVED ISSUANCE AND ALLOTMENT OF NOTES FOR PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF US$ 600 MILLION Source text - bit.ly/2GHlb4E Further company coverage:
(Adds Anthem, EDP, Televisa, Novo Banco, Frontline, Société Générale, Schroders and National Aluminium; updates Virtu Financial)
April 20 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Thursday:
** Virtu Financial Inc said it would buy rival KCG Holdings Inc in a $1.4 billion deal that brings together two major players in the U.S. electronic trading space.
** Germany's Beiersdorf, the maker of Nivea skin cream, still prefers hoarding cash to fund possible acquisitions over raising its dividend, supervisory board Chairman Reinhard Poellath told shareholders.
** Sanofi is looking at potential acquisitions of devices, such as blood glucose testing kits, to boost its diabetes business, a senior executive at the French drugmaker said.
** Western Digital Corp, the U.S. partner of Toshiba Corp in a semiconductor venture, is in talks with state-backed fund Innovation Network Corp of Japan and the Development Bank of Japan and would consider a joint bid with them for the chip business, a senior official said.
** The British government said it will sell the Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth 2.3 billion pounds ($3 billion), which critics said failed to guarantee its future.
** Japan's Sawai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd is buying the generic drug business of U.S. drugmaker Upsher-Smith Laboratories Inc for $1.05 billion, marking the Osaka-based generic drugmaker's first overseas acquisition.
** Chinese tech conglomerate LeEco is in talks to sell a prized property asset in the heart of Beijing it acquired in a $420 million deal last year, the latest effort by the electric car-to-smartphone behemoth to raise funds amid a severe cash crunch.
** Belgian publisher Mediahuis and partner VP Exploitatie have launched a recommended cash offer for the Netherlands' Telegraaf Media Group, the three parties said in a statement, as they try to build a Dutch-Belgian multimedia company.
** Mubadala Capital, an arm of Abu Dhabi's state fund Mubadala, said it had conducted a private equity transaction with European fund manager Ardian, which had committed to invest $2.5 billion in the deal.
** German glasses retailer Fielmann could pursue takeovers in the future, marketing chief Marc Fielmann, the son of company founder Guenther Fielmann, told magazine Capital in an interview.
** Shares in Italian toll-road operator Atlantia extended losses in early afternoon following a downgrade by Deutsche Bank, which highlighted the risks of a possible combination with Spanish rival Abertis.
** Spain's Banco Popular CEO Ignacio Sanchez-Asiain said the lender's current priority is the sell off of non-performing real estate assets as it fights to return to profits and improve its capital.
** Brazilian police conducted raids on Wednesday as part of an investigation of state-controlled Caixa Econômica Federal's purchase of a stake in a consumer lender six years ago, the latest scandal rocking the nation's largest mortgage lender.
** India raised 12 billion rupees ($185.7 million) from a 9.2 percent stake sale in state-run National Aluminium Co (NALCO), the government said, kicking off its asset sale programme for the new financial year.
** British asset manager Schroders said it had agreed to buy Swiss-based private equity firm Adveq Holding for an undisclosed sum.
** Croatia's competition regulator AZTN has approved the sale of Splitska Banka by Société Générale to the local unit of Hungary's OTP Group, increasing OTP's market share in Croatia to over 10 percent.
** A U.S. court has rejected a last-minute effort by billionaire investor John Fredriksen's Frontline to prevent BW Group from acquiring a major stake in rival oil tanker firm DHT Holdings, DHT said.
** A failed bidder for Portugal's third-largest lender Novo Banco has asked its lawyers to block the 1 billion euro ($1.08 billion) sale to U.S. fund Lone Star and told the central bank it should relaunch the bidding.
** Health insurer Anthem Inc denied a report on Thursday that it was in negotiations with the Justice Department in an effort to save its merger with smaller rival Cigna Corp .
** Mexican broadcaster Televisa said it had signed a deal with Spanish telecoms giant Telefonica that would give the mobile operator's customers cheaper access to the broadcaster's content carried on its digital platform Blim.
** London hedge fund firm Ecofin said an offer from Portugal's largest company EDP to buy 22.47 percent of subsidiary EDP Renovaveis "significantly undervalues" the company, in a letter to EDPR's board seen by Reuters. (Compiled by Ahmed Farhatha and Divya Grover in Bengaluru)
A young carer holds the hands of an elderly woman in a residential home for the elderly in Planegg near Munich in this June 19, 2007 file photo.Michaela Rehle/Files
(Reuters Health) – Different types of problems are most likely to afflict people at different times of life, so common risk factors for depression change over the years, too, Dutch researchers say.
But when a risk factor is uncommon among peers – like widowhood or poor health in youth – it can have an outsized effect on depression risk, the study team reports in The American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry.
“A wide range of risk factors for depression is relevant across the entire life span,” said lead author Roxanne Schaakxs of VU University Medical Center in Amsterdam.
“However, some risk factors expected to be strongly related to depression in certain ages, may actually affect other age groups to a larger extent,” Schaakxs added by email.
Depression is a complex condition and many experts believe that in addition to innate genetic and personality factors, risks like stressful life events, health issues and money problems can contribute to its development, the study team notes.
To see which depression risk factors affect people at various stages of life, and how much of an effect each factor has, the study team analyzed data on more than 2,000 adults participating in two long-term studies of depression and anxiety. Subjects in one study were aged 18 to 65 when they began participating, while participants in the other study were aged 60 to 93 when it started.
At baseline, a total of 1,431 people had major depressive disorder and 784 people had no symptoms or history of the condition.
The research team assessed 19 different risk factors for depression in different age groups, comparing people who had never been depressed with people who were currently depressed.
Most of the risk factors did increase people's likelihood of being depressed at any age, including low education, recent negative life events, personality traits, reduced social functioning, an unhealthy lifestyle and poor health.
However, five of the risk factors were more strongly related to depression in certain age groups.
For people aged 18 to 39, health factors like overweight or obesity, pain, childhood abuse and chronic disease were strongly associated with depression. For those over 60, low income was a greater risk for depression than in other age groups.
People with risk factors that were “unexpected” based on their age also had a higher depression risk than those in other age groups where the same risk factor was more common, researchers found.
For example, chronic illness was more strongly linked to depression in younger people than older people while low income carried higher depression risk in older people though it was more common among younger people.
When young people are struggling with circumstances like illness or loneliness, it may come as a surprise and they may not have the skills to cope, said Patricia Arean, a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the University of Washington in Seattle.
She stressed the importance of screening young people with chronic illnesses for depression. “Fortunately, prevention interventions for depression are also good for health care: get good sleep, rest, exercise regularly, reach out to friends and family,” said Arean, who was not involved in the current study.
“When an unexpected life event happens, pay close attention to your reaction to it,” Arean said by email. “If you find that you are struggling with your mood, energy, interest in things, concentration for more than two weeks, Do Not Ignore those symptoms. Go see your doctor and get help.”
“General practitioners and therapists should not overlook risk factors for depression by assuming the risk factor is less relevant at a certain age,” Schaakxs advised.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2ovflMy The American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry, online April 7, 2017.
Grandview junior Davon Walker brings the ball up the floor during the third quarter of the Wolves' 48-27 non-league boys basketball win at Rangeview on Dec. 8, 2017. Walker scored 11 points to help Grandview move to 3-0. (Photo by Courtney Oakes/Aurora Sentinel)
AURORA | The Grandview boys basketball team had to wait longer than any other city squad to get on the court for the first time this season, but the Wolves have flashed midseason form right away.
Coach Michael Rogers' Grandview team led from start to finish in a difficult place to play Friday night, coming away with a 48-27 victory over Rangeview in a non-league all-Aurora contest.
Junior Dayne Prim scored 13 points, junior Davon Walker added 11 and sophomore Caleb McGill chipped in 10 for the Wolves, who held the previously undefeated Raiders to single digits in three of the four quarters — including one point in the final period — to improve to 3-0 on the season.
Rangeview's Eric Jackson (1) chops the wrist of Grandview's Dayne Prim as he goes up in the paint during the fourth quarter of the Wolves' 48-27 non-league boys basketball win on Dec. 8, 2017, at Rangeview High School. (Photo by Courtney Oakes/Aurora Sentinel)
All three wins on the season have come by double-figures so far for Grandview, which limited the Raiders (4-1) to less than half of their season average of 63.8 points per game coming into the contest.
Coach Shawn Palmer's Rangeview team won the Best of Colorado Invitational to open the season and followed it up with a 23-point win against Dakota Ridge, but found little rhythm against the Wolves.
The Raiders' three leading scorers — junior Jodaun Dotson and seniors Ryan Ongala and Devin Collins — combined for just eight points. Senior Ayden Clayton's seven points led the way for Rangeview.
Walker, who transferred to Grandview from Douglas County, continued to meld well with his new teammates and contributed three assists and three steals in addition to his third double-digit scoring effort of the year.
Prim snatched a season-high eight rebounds and McGill got into double figures for the third time in as many games to key the Wolves.
Despite single digit production in the first two quarters, the Raiders still were within seven points in the late stages of the third period, in which they scored 14 (including seven from Clayton).
A 3-pointer from Lian Ramiro on the opening possession of the fourth quarter boosted Grandview's lead to double figures at 36-26 and the Wolves continued to pull away as they allowed just one point on a free throw from Rangeview sophomore Christian Speller.
Grandview pays a visit to Rampart at 1:30 p.m. Dec. 16 before it departs for the Tarkanian Classic in Las Vegas, while Rangeview has a 7 p.m. contest at Cherokee Trail in another all-Aurora matchup Dec. 13.
Courtney Oakes is Aurora Sentinel Sports Editor. Reach him at 303-750-7555 or sports@aurorasentinel.com. Twitter: @aurorasports. FB: Aurora Prep Sentinel
GRANDVIEW 48, RANGEVIEW 27
Score by quarters:
Grandview 15 12 10 11 — 48
Rangeview 7 5 14 1 — 27
GRANDVIEW (48)
Caleb McGill 5 0-1 10, Gunner Gentry 1 0-2 2, Ben Boone 1 2-2 4, Davon Walker 4 2-2 11, Dayne Prim 6 1-2 13, Tyler Unger 1 0-0 3, Lian Ramiro 1 0-0 3, Levi Dombro 1 0-0 2. Totals 20 5-9 48.
RANGEVIEW (27)
Devin Collins 0 1-4 1, Ayden Clayton 3 0-0 7, Jodaun Dotson 1 0-0 2, Christopher Speller 0 6-6 6, Ryan Ongala 2 1-5 5, Christian Speller 1 2-4 4, Eric Jackson 1 0-0 2, Isaiah Hayes 0 0-0 0, Isaiah Jamison 0 0-0 0, Amanuel Bulbula 0 0-0 0, Cade Palmer 0 0-0 0, DJ Pigford 0 0-0 0. Totals 8 10-19 27.
3-point field goals — Grandview (3): Lian Ramiro, Tyler Unger, Davon Walker; Rangeview: Ayden Clayton. Total fouls — Grandview 15, Rangeview 10. Fouled out — Rangeview: Devin Collins. Technicals — None.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
UPDATE: A $50,000 reward is now being offered for information that leads to the arrest of Steve Stephens. The Cleveland Police Chief said he considered the search for Stephens a nationwide search. He did not provide a specific city or state where Stephens might be located.
CLEVELAND -- He was walking home from an Easter meal with his family when the stranger walked up to Robert Godwin Sr.
The two talk briefly before the stranger pulls out a gun and fires.
Now, police are desperately hunting for the man who killed Godwin and uploaded the video on Facebook, while Godwin's friends and family are trying to make sense of the senseless death of the 74-year-old man.
"This man right here was a good man. I hate he's gone ... I don't know what I'm going to do. ... It's not real," Godwin's son told CNN affiliate WOIO.
The son told the Cleveland Plain Dealer his father was a retired foundry worker who had nine children and 14 grandchildren. He enjoyed fishing and often was seen walking around with a plastic bag in his hand as he collected aluminum cans he saw on the ground.
That's what he was doing Sunday in Cleveland's Glenville neighborhood, a shopping bag in his hand. He had just finished an Easter meal.
He hugged my wife and me and said 'I'll see you guys next time,'" Godwin Jr. recounted. "I said 'OK, enjoy your Easter.'"
A chat, then a shot
In the video, apparently recorded by the suspect, Steve Stephens, a person is getting out of a car in a residential area and says, "Here's somebody I'm about to kill. I'm about to kill this guy right here. An old dude."
The person walks up, stops Godwin on the sidewalk and talks to him. Then the video shows a gun pointed at Godwin's head. The gun is fired. Godwin recoils and falls to the ground.
Police don't believe Godwin and Stephens knew each other.
The video was later removed by Facebook, but it was still being widely shared online early Monday.
Ryan Godwin, who said he's a grandson of Godwin's, had asked people to stop sharing it.
"Please please please stop retweeting that video and report anyone who has posted it! That is my grandfather show some respect," Ryan Godwin wrote on Twitter Sunday afternoon.
Police have launched a manhunt for Stephens, calling him armed and dangerous. They believe he's left Ohio and may be in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana or Michigan. An aggravated murder warrant has been issued for him.
Stephens' mother said her son was randomly shooting people because he was angry at a girlfriend. Police have not talked about a possible motive behind the shooting of Godwin.
While the manhunt goes on, Godwin's family is just starting the grieving process.
"It's not real. (My father) was a good guy. He would give you the shirt off his back," Robert Godwin Jr. told WOIO. "Feels like my heart is gonna stop."
There were at least nine GoFundMe pages set up online soliciting funds to help Godwin's family, but Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said the family is asking people not to contribute to any of those pages because they weren't set up by the family. Williams said the family is in the process of setting up an official GoFundMe page that will be released later Monday through the police department.
(The writer is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are his own.)
By Chris Taylor
NEW YORK, April 6 While many dream about what is beyond our horizon on Earth, some actually get to see outer space up close.
For the latest in the Reuters "First Jobs" series, we talked to a few of America's foremost astronauts, who have undertaken missions to the International Space Station and on the now-discontinued Space Shuttle.
Before they ended up global, they started local.
Anna Fisher
First job: Candy scooper
I used to work in the candy section of Newberry's, which was a department store back in the day in San Pedro, California. I used to scoop up treats like popcorn and gummy bears and put them in little bags for customers. I remember how scared I was, not wanting to make any mistakes.
That was actually one of the only times in my life that I got a paycheck and paid Social Security taxes, because as an astronaut, I am in the retirement system for civil servants. So the few Social Security credits I do have come from that old candy job.
That store doesn't exist anymore, but I still drive by that shopping center when I go back to San Pedro. Since then I have gone on to more complicated jobs, like launching and retrieving satellites on the 14th Shuttle flight. But I still look back fondly on my first job - and I still love candy today.
Butch Wilmore
First job: Stonemason
I grew up in middle Tennessee, and worked for a rock mason who built stone chimneys and walls. We had a real hard-driving kind of boss, who always made sure we were on the clock and never taking any breaks.
I started at $3.65 an hour, and pretty soon graduated to driving the dump truck. I used to go into the Tennessee backwoods and buy old stone chimneys from homeowners, or find old rock walls built back in the 1800s.
It was such dirty work. I came home from work every day, and my mom would have to hose me off in the backyard, because I was literally covered head to toe in soot. My claim to fame was that the musician Charlie Daniels, who sang "The Devil Went Down to Georgia," had a log cabin in the area - and I built his chimney.
Working a backhoe isn't that different from working robotics, actually. You are operating in three dimensions, just like in spaceflight.
Chris Cassidy
First job: Corn picker
This was in southern Maine, and there was a corn farmer who lived only a couple of miles from my house. One day when I was 12, I went up to his farmstand and asked if they needed help, and they told me to show up the next morning.
I didn't particularly enjoy it, because there were a lot of big, mean 16-year-olds there, who used to mess with me and put grease on the seat of my bike. What I really remember is the early wakeup at 5:30 a.m. That was a real shock to my system, riding my little bike there in the pitch dark.
That was some real work. Picking corn, grinding it out with hands and sweat - that was a good foundation for me.
Rex Walheim
First job: KFC cook
I worked for a couple of years at the Kentucky Fried Chicken in Redwood City, California. I believe it was for $2.75 an hour, prepping the chicken and then putting it in the deep fryer. I remember I had to dump the chicken into a marinating tub with the secret herbs and spices, and I used to get totally coated in flour.
I liked the chicken, but after working there and having it so much, it took a long while before I could start eating it again. My family loved it, though, because after work I got to bring home extra chicken and they would put it all in the freezer.
That job gave me motivation to get out of there and go to college, because what I really wanted to be been an Air Force pilot. Eventually I became an astronaut and went on three shuttle missions. I may be the only KFC worker to have been in space - I haven't heard of any others yet. (Editing by Beth Pinsker and Matthew Lewis)
Republican Governor Sam Brownback of Kansas, speaks during the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in National Harbor, Maryland, U.S., February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
The governor of Kansas on Thursday vetoed a bill expanding eligibility for Medicaid for the poor under the federal Affordable Care Act (ACA) because the measure was not fiscally responsible and would still fund Planned Parenthood.
State lawmakers in the Republican-controlled senate voted in favor of the measure on Tuesday, just days after President Donald Trump's efforts to repeal and replace the ACA, also known as Obamacare, ended with the bill being pulled from a vote.
Republican Governor Sam Brownback said the bill also failed to eliminate waiting lists for disability services, did not add work requirements and was not budget neutral.
"The cost of expanding Medicaid under Obamacare is irresponsible and unsustainable," he said.
He added it was "unwise to undertake such a drastic change" to the state's Medicaid program while work on an ACA overhaul was underway in Washington.
"I will not support this legislation that continues to fund organizations that undermine a culture of life," he said, referring to groups such as Planned Parenthood, which provides a range of reproductive services including abortions.
Planned Parenthood said in a statement that "the overwhelming majority of Kansans" support the health care provider and the expansion of Medicaid in the state.
The Republican-controlled House, which passed the bill last month 81-44, quickly took up a debate on overriding Brownback's veto on Thursday, but a vote was postponed.
"You are going to put a dagger right through the heart of our small communities," Republican Representative Leonard Mastroni, who voted in support of expansion, told the House in Topeka after Brownback's veto.
In the House, 84 lawmakers would need to vote in favor of the override for it to advance.
The failed Obamacare replacement bill in Washington, pushed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, would have ended the ACA's expansion of Medicaid, the federal and state funded insurance program for the poor and disabled.
Kansas was not among the 31 states that in 2016 had opted to expand Medicaid, with the federal government footing much of the cost under Obamacare.
With the ACA's enhanced federal funding, Medicaid expansion in Kansas, effective Jan. 1, 2018, would cost the state an estimated $31 million in fiscal 2018, which begins July 1, and $67 million in fiscal 2019 with more than 180,000 additional recipients, according to estimates cited in a legislative report on the bill.
Without enhanced federal matching funds, the state's costs would balloon to $465 million by fiscal 2019.
(Reporting by Timothy Mclaughlin in Chicago; Editing by Richard Chang and Lisa Shumaker)
FRANKFURT, April 28 German automotive supplier Continental increased underlying earnings more than expected in the first quarter, benefiting from further growth in global vehicles production and carmakers' rising spending on self-driving technology.
Adjusted operating profit (EBIT) rose around 10 percent to about 1.2 billion euros ($1.3 billion), Continental said in a statement on Friday, beating the consensus forecast of 1.14 billion in a Reuters poll of analysts.
"Despite increased raw material costs, all indications are that we will comfortably achieve the ambitious targets we set ourselves for 2017," Chief Executive Elmar Degenhart said in the statement.
Continental released core financial results for the January-to-March period ahead of its annual general meeting on Friday in Hanover, Germany. Full quarterly earnings are due for publication on May 9.
($1 = 0.9200 euros) (Reporting by Andreas Cremer and Maria Sheahan; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — The Congressional Budget Office released its analysis of the GOP's plan to repeal and replace Obamacare sometime Monday.
The analysis from the non-partisan CBO estimated that 14 million more people would be uninsured by 2018 under the GOP's health care plan.
That number would jump to a staggering 24 million more people by 2026.
The CBO predicts the legislation would reduce the federal deficits by $337 billion over the 2017 to 2026 period.
"So we disagree strenuously with the report that was put out. We believe our plan will cover more individuals, at a lower cost and give them the choices they want for the coverage they want for themselves and family, not that the government forces them to buy," said Tom Price, Secretary of Health and Human Services.
In the meantime, President Trump is scheduled to hold a rally in Kentucky next Monday to push the GOP health care plan ahead of the House's vote on the measures.
Congresswoman Susan Davis released the following statement on the Congressional Budget Office report:
"It is clear the Republican healthcare repeal will hurt more people than it will help. The CBO reports their bill will result in 24 million Americans losing access to healthcare.
"Congress needs to direct its energy toward reducing healthcare costs and expanding access to coverage. I urge my Republican colleagues to drop their ideological pursuit and work with Democrats to strengthen our nation's healthcare system."
U.S. Congressman Scott Peters slammed the Congressional Republicans' healthcare bill. Peters voted against advancing the bill out of the Energy and Commerce Committee last week, citing independent estimates that it would reduce healthcare access, increase out-of-pocket costs, and undermine insurance markets.
"If these estimates are even in the ballpark, the Republican healthcare bill will nearly double the rate of Americans without health insurance over the next decade. It will rip healthcare coverage away from millions, increase out-of-pocket costs for millions more, and take us back to a time when emergency rooms overflowed with uninsured Americans seeking basic care.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
Bones unearthed near New Mexico site where bodies were found
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — Albuquerque police are investigating whether bones discovered Tuesday in an area where 11 women were found buried nearly a decade ago are human remains — a development that has sparked fears that there may have been more victims in an unsolved serial killing that has haunted the city.
Construction workers building a park discovered the bones on the city's West Mesa, less than a mile from a mass grave where human remains, including those of a pregnant woman, were unearthed in 2009, police said.
The area will be excavated and bones and other remains will be analyzed and tested — a process that could take months, police Chief Michael Geier said.
"We're not 100 percent sure that this is related but at this point we're treating it as if its similar, to the first round," Geier told reporters at a news conference.
Mayor Tim Keller said crews working at the site had been trained to look for remains and immediately contacted authorities when the bones were discovered.
"This has been an archaeological area as well," Keller said. "So, we certainly understand and are very concerned this might be one of the missing six to eight women from the original West Side group. However, there's no way we can confirm that at this time."
In a statement, Albuquerque City Councilor Klarissa Peña said the bones were found at a park being built near the site of a memorial for the women and unborn child found buried on West Mesa.
"I am saddened at the tragic loss of human life, and at the thought that yet another family has had to endure years of uncertainty and pain not knowing where their loved one was," Peña said.
In 2009, a woman walking her dog discovered a large bone protruding from the dirt, leading police to excavate the area. The case remains unsolved, with no arrests.
Authorities have said nearly all the dead women worked as prostitutes before they disappeared between 2003 and early 2005.
The victims include Jamie Barela, a 15-year-old who was last seen by her family in 2004. Buried with her were Syllannia Edwards, 15, a runaway from Lawton, Oklahoma, and Michelle Valdez, 22, who was pregnant.
The killings are called the "West Mesa murders" because the bodies were buried on the west side of Albuquerque.
Police have received federal grant money to update their technology systems to cross-reference information they get from tips about the serial killings.
The city maintains a website about the case and a company has printed cards featuring all 11 victims and encouraged businesses to pass them out to keep the case in the public's eye.
ALGIERS, April 10 Algeria's energy minister will seek more investment from European Union states and discuss the renewal of long-term gas supply contracts with EU members during talks this week in Brussels, the ministry and an Algerian source said on Monday.
Most of Algeria's long-term gas accords with EU nations are due to end between 2018 and 2019, just as the North African oil and gas producer grapples with a slide in crude prices, which have tumbled from above $100 a barrel in mid-2014 to $55 now.
Energy Minister Nourredine Bouterfa was to meet EU Energy commissioner Miguel Arias Canete this week to "facilitate and promote European investments in the sectors including natural gas, renewables and energy efficiency," the ministry said.
Long-term gas contracts would also be on the agenda, the source familiar with the matter told Reuters.
State energy firm Sonatrach officials said this year Algeria would adopt a new approach to its gas contracts, no longer demanding deals lasting 20 or 25 years and instead seeking 10-year to 15-year contracts.
Algeria, a major gas supplier to Europe, wants more European investment in its industry but has faced EU calls to cut bureaucracy and offer more flexibility to investors.
Last year, EU officials and energy firms urged Algeria to adapt to more competitive energy markets to lift the amount of gas it pumps north to Europe after years of sliding exports.
With cuts to public spending and energy subsidies, Algeria managed to lift energy output even as lower oil prices drove state revenues down to $27.5 billion in 2016 from $60 billion in 2014.
Gas exports are expected to exceed 57 billion cubic metres in 2017, up from 54 billion cubic metres in 2016, Sonatrach figures show. In 2016, Algeria met 55 percent of Spain's gas needs, 16 percent of Italy's and 15 percent of Portugal's.
Algeria, which has escaped the turmoil plaguing Libya and other states in the region, is seen as a reliable gas supplier for the EU amid tensions with Russia, a major supplier to Europe. (Reporting by Lamine Chikhi; Editing Patrick Markey and Edmund Blair)
Fitato as an idea was started in October 2014 by two college kids, myself Karan Murada & Aditya Srivastava. It took us 11 months of multiple pivots, understanding of the markets, convincing of parents & 8 interns, one of them who joined us as the co-founder now (Pawani Khandelwal), to launch Fitato.
Fitato lets users access 100s of Gyms & Fitness studios in the city – all through a single membership. It gives one the flexibility to workout anytime and indulge in various activities all around the city, be it near their house or their office. We want you to dance your way to fitness with Zumba, get flexible with Yoga, learn self-defense with Martial Arts, get high on rock climbing, do laps in a pool or pump iron at the Gym of your choice all through ONE single membership.
Operating in Pune for the past 8 months, Fitato has 250 partners onboard and over 1000 paid users and is operationally profitable.
The Market
The fitness market is very vast and the scope of disruption is huge, and they are clear indicators for the same across all industries, right from cooking oil to our very own Prime Minister promoting Yoga.
After the massive success of ClassPass, a global competition in the same space, a lot of Indian startups boom with ideas not very different from each other. Over the course of this year, we saw most of our competition either pivoting or shutting down and a few achieving little success now. We understood that global ideas can be replicated in India but the execution here, especially the fitness industry is an entirely different game, which is where the challenge lies. Exhausting cash is not the solution or mechanism to create a market. Fitato is all set to get deep into those challenges and work out a sustainable and value generating business.
Challenges We Faced
Fitato is in constant process of providing the right value to both the user & the partners and getting the model right, before ramping up expansion to other cities. A lot of aspects have been worked upon in the model such as providing unlimited sessions to a user rather than restricting the number of times he can go to a particular facility, focusing on uplifting niche facilities rather than branded chains, optimizing our customer acquisition strategies and using numerous growth hacks right from a father's day fitness hamper to a 9,000 member Facebook groups, proximity & convenience playing an important role & at last ensuring the finances are put to right use to reach operational profitability within 3 months of our launch.
What We Offer
A single membership to access the best gyms & and fitness studios without having to pay extra for anywhere else.
We have an android mobile app on the consumer side attend he/she has 1000s of fitness activities to choose from everyday after activating the monthly subscription. On the partner side, we have a web & and mobile app for them to keep a track & manage the bookings.
Vision and the Way Forward
Fitato has received a seed round of $80,000 last year and has been recently selected for the FbStart program, an initiative by Facebook for early stage mobile startups to build and grow their apps and access $40,000 worth of credits and services from Facebook and its partners.
Talwalkars, the largest gym chain in the country launched in 1932 and currently has 156 branches across the world. Fitato has 236 fitness access centers in Pune itself. We aim to be the umbrella brand for all niche facilities in the country. If you want to start your own Yoga class on your office terrace tomorrow or any fitness class for that matter, all you have to do is register the class on Fitato and the customer & revenue inflow will begin from day 1. On the consumer's side, Fitato wants to have the largest array of fitness activities, providing users with ultimate flexibility through a single membership.
The Lessons Learnt
Starting up is tough and besides all the media hype, the ups & downs in this journey are tough but there are certain instances that reclaim your faith on why you started. We had a Fitato member with a three-year-old son whose motherhood had leaded her to take a backseat in fitness. She joined us as a medium of fun things to do. Within a month, she particularly liked Zumba and now she is a licensed Zumba instructor and has her own class on Fitato.
We are nowhere close to our end goal. The major problem in India, is the people hesitance to fitness. The burger at Burger King or a beer at High Spirits is more tempting and definitely a more fruitful use of their disposable income and people fail to realize that fitness is an activity of joy, it can go hand in hand. You don't necessarily need to sacrifice. Fitato is here to make fitness fun for you, to make it an activity of the day you look forward to, rather than dragging yourself to.
The day we can make India get out of that rut, just get out, move, run up the stairs, dance a little, explore, take a dip in the pool or live their dream of boxing like Rocky Balboa and experience the same joy you did as a child on the playground, is the day we will feel Fitato is successful. Till then, Let's be there for each other and make a strong community, because this is a challenge for the nation.
In the end
This is my contact information. If you have any doubts, feedback, suggestions, want to have a brainstorming session or just require a partner for working out. Cheers.
Karan Murada – murada@fitato.fit
Recognized as a global leader in interactive and digital entertainment, Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) is responsible for the PlayStation® brand and family of products and services. PlayStation has delivered innovation to the market since the launch of the original PlayStation in Japan in 1994. The PlayStation family of products and services include PlayStation®4, PlayStation®VR, PlayStation®Vita, PlayStation®3, PlayStation®Store, PlayStation®Plus, PlayStation™Video, PlayStation™Music, PlayStation™Now, PlayStation™Vue, PlayStation®Original and acclaimed PlayStation software titles from SIE Worldwide Studios. Headquartered in San Mateo, California, SIE is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation and has global functions and regional headquarters in California, London and Tokyo.
Senior Staff Programmer-VR, San Mateo Studios
San Mateo, CA
Sony is looking for pioneering developers to join its new Virtual Reality team in San Mateo. We seek an ambitious, self-motivated Senior Programmer-VR to help craft unique player experiences with a diverse group of makers and contribute an early influence on our projects.
Job Description
The Senior Programmer is a generalist role, responsible for building and supporting technology that all developers use to bring ideas to life. This may include animation, navigation, interaction, sound, instancing, scripting, graphics or tools. A major part of the role is working with team members to identify problems, provide creative solutions, and improve iteration. A requirement of the role is to maintain an open dialog with team members, inviting feedback, and identifying areas of invention and improvement.
Responsibilities:
Design, implement, and maintain systems and tools to support gameplay
Write clear, maintainable, portable, and highly functional code
Modify and maintain existing runtime code and tools
Support and assist other team members
Profile and performance tune code to remove bottlenecks
Test and document code produced
Support tools and technology as needed for specific project requirements
Mentor and guide less experienced programmers as needed
Requirements:
Sc. degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
Minimum six years' professional programming experience
Good understanding of what makes a game fun and interesting to play
Strong programming generalist with solid code architecture skills
Expertise in C and C++
Extensive experience with 3D Graphics APIs / techniques
Solid Graphics / 3D math skills
Ability to write efficient/compact code for game consoles with limited resources
Enthusiasm and initiative
Excellent spoken and written communication
Able and motivated to work with other team members
A relaxed attitude to working in an agile environment
Commitment to code quality, documentation, and sound testing procedures
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, covered veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed services, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information or membership in any other legally protected category.
We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.
We sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us and we thank you for your interest in PlayStation.
MINNEAPOLIS — Jordan Murphy posted his 12th straight double-double to start the season with 24 points and 18 rebounds, and Minnesota held off Drake 68-67 on Monday night.
Amir Coffey added 16 points — all in the second half — and Nate Mason scored 12 for Minnesota (9-3).
Ore Arogundade led the Bulldogs (5-5) with 15 points, while Graham Woodward added 15 and De'Antae McMurray 12.
Dupree McBrayer's 3-pointer with nine minutes to play gave Minnesota its first lead, 50-47. His steal and dunk gave the Gophers their largest lead at 61-54.
Woodward, a senior from nearby Edina, Minn., hit a pair of free throws and a 3-pointer to cut Minnesota's lead to 64-62 with two minutes to play. But Murphy scored off an offensive rebound and added another bucket in the low post.
Drake scored five points in the final six seconds, but the rally fell just short.
The Gophers missed their first six shots while 3-pointers by Woodward, McMurray and Noah Thomas gave Drake an 11-3 lead. After a timeout, Murphy scored eight straight points for Minnesota to tie it at 11.
Minnesota shot just 30 per cent from the field in the first half and the Bulldogs took advantage. Arogundade sank a pair of 3s and Drake built its lead back up to eight. Mason scored the last four points of the half as the Gophers pulled to within 28-24.
McMurray and Thomas hit 3-pointers, and Reed Timmer sank three free throws early in the second half as Drake pulled ahead 41-32.
BIG PICTURE
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China approves two new GMO crop varieties for import, renews 14 -ag ministry
BEIJING, June 14 China approved two new varieties of genetically modified (GMO) crops for import from June 12, after the world's top buyer of GMO soybeans pledged to speed up a review of biotech products as part of a recent trade deal with the United States.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
OSLO, April 5 Norwegian Air, Europe's third-largest budget airline by passenger numbers, said bookings from Europe to the United States were surprisingly good and that the firm had yet to see a see negative impact from the U.S. administration attempts at imposing travel bans, its CEO told Reuters on Wednesday.
"Bookings to the U.S. are very good, surprisingly good," Bjoern Kjos said in an interview on the sidelines of a conference.
"We have not seen it (a negative impact of the ban attempts). That is probably because we do not fly (directly) from the countries affected." (Reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord, writing by Gwladys Fouche, editing by Terje Solsvik)
April 3 Karen Singer
* Karen Singer reports 10.2 percent stake in Sito Mobile Ltd as of April 3, 2017- SEC filing
* Intends to seek representation on Sito Mobile's board of directors - SEC filing
* Is "disappointed" with co's poor operational and financial results and believes that the co's securities may be undervalued
* Believes purported adoption by Sito Mobile of certain amended, restated bylaws on March 23, 2017, appears to be "improper and inappropriate" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Wednesday, June 14, 2017
LOCAL
► In today's News Tribune — We're growing faster than King County — and our rents prove it — These days, people are fleeing Seattle's sky-high rents, which averaged at $1,901 a month in May, according to real estate data firm RentCafe. Many are landing in Tacoma — and rapidly rising rents are proof. Rents here — now an average $1,117 a month — have landed the Tacoma once again among the top 10 cities in the country for year-over-year rent increases.
ALSO at The Stand — Landlords are taking workers' pay raises (by Jonathan Rosenblum) — Unions must fight for affordable housing or wage hikes won't help.
► From The Stranger — 150 Space needleworkers receive ‘warn letter' on renovations' impact on employment — A spokesman said the recipients of the letter are employees anticipated to be “impacted” by the upcoming construction, which will include an 8 to 9 month closure of the SkyCity Restaurant, from September to May 2018. The workers reached agreement on a union contract with UNITE HERE in the spring after years of negotiating. Because of this contract, the union says, Space Needle employees are protected from layoffs during the renovations. Union leaders are set to meet with Human Resources sometime next week to bargain for “transition packages,” with a goal of maintaining some level of healthcare benefits during the closure.
► In today's Seattle Times — Seattle to weigh income tax on wealthy households; here's how that would work — Seattle residents would pay a 2 percent tax on annual income above $250,000, under a proposal the City Council will begin considering this week. Married residents filing their taxes jointly would pay it on income above $500,000.
THIS WASHINGTON
► In today's Columbian — Third special session called likely — Sen. Ann Rivers (R-La Center), a key negotiator on the education funding plan being discussed in Olympia, is a self-described “cup-half-full kind of gal by nature.” She said Tuesday she's confident the state will not enter shutdown territory. It does seem likely, however, that Washington lawmakers will need a third overtime session to reach a deal on the education funding plan and the budget. Lawmakers have until midnight June 30 to sign an operating budget before facing a partial government shutdown.
► In the (Longview ) Daily News — Inslee to lawmakers: No third special session — Gov. Jay Inslee said he will not call a third special legislative session if the Legislature fails to to forge a budget compromise this month.
► In today's (Everett) Herald — GOP senators continue push to slash Sound Transit car tab fees — Tuesday marked the third time the Senate passed a version of this bill. Each time Democratic senators united in opposition, saying it will undermine the ability of Sound Transit to complete the promised expansion.
► In today's Tri-City Herald — Christine Brown announces run for 4th Congressional District seat — Former Tri-Cities television manager and news anchor Christine Brown, a Democrat, plans to run for the seat now held by GOP Rep. Dan Newhouse. She will formally announce her bid today, which is Flag Day.
► In today's Seattle Times — UW professor got it right on Trump. So why is he being ignored? (by Danny Westneat) — Professor Christopher Parker was one of the few to foresee Donald Trump's win — and the likely reasons why. Not that people want to hear about it… The story we've told ourselves — that working-class whites flocked to Trump due to job worries or free trade or economic populism — is basically wrong, the research papers released this week suggest. “I've got three words for you: scared white people,” Parker says. “Every period of racial progress in this country is followed by a period of retrenchment. That's what the 2016 election was about, and it was plain as it was happening.”
TRUMPCARE
► In today's Seattle Times — Washington families have a lot to lose if ACA goes away — Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, only 3 percent of Washington's children are without health insurance. But those gains are jeopardized by proposed cuts in the Trump administration's budget and plans in Congress to replace the ACA with a new health insurance law. Instead of helping make health insurance more affordable for families, President Donald Trump and Senate Republicans want to help the wealthy pay lower taxes.
► In today's NY Times — Trump, in zigzag, calls House Republicans' health bill ‘mean' — After calling the House bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act a “great plan” last month, the president told Republican senators on Tuesday that it was too harsh.
EDITOR'S NOTE — From the guy who though this wasn't mean.
► From The Hill — GOP considers keeping ObamaCare taxes — Republicans are looking to slowly phase out extra federal funds for Medicaid expansion, beef up the new tax credits for buying insurance and add money for opioid abuse treatment — but they'll have to pay for it to ensure the bill passes muster.
EDITOR'S NOTE — Apparently, the “less mean” plan is to cause 23 million to lose health coverage more slowly, rather than figure out a way to increase and improve coverage.
► In today's Washington Post — What Republicans are doing while you're distracted by Sessions and Comey (by Dana Milbank) — Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) invoked “Rule XIV,” a procedure that allows legislation to skip committees and go directly to the floor. McConnell is hoping to rush the health-care bill to a vote before the July 4 recess, and GOP senators working on the Senate legislation aren't even sharing the specifics with their Republican colleagues… On the very day that Comey testified before the Senate, the House passed legislation largely repealing the Dodd-Frank financial reforms implemented after the 2008 crash.
THAT WASHINGTON
► Developing story from the Washington Post — Rep. Steve Scalise injured in GOP baseball shooting — A gunman unleashed a barrage of gunfire Wednesday at an Alexandria park as Republican members of Congress held a morning baseball practice, wounding at least five people including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) The suspected gunman is James T. Hodgkinson III, 66, of Illinois. He was wounded in a shootout with police officers and was taken to an area hospital. The wounded also included two Capitol Police officers and a congressional aide, according to one law enforcement official and witness accounts.
► In today's Politico — Hill Democrats sue Trump over foreign business ties — President Donald Trump is facing yet another lawsuit over the profits his far-flung business empire brings in from dealings with foreign governments. The latest legal salvo came from nearly 200 Democratic members of the House and Senate, who joined in a suit filed early Wednesday in federal court in Washington.
EDITOR'S NOTE — Every Democratic member of Washington state's congressional delegation have joined in this suit.
► In today's NY Times — Jeff Sessions clams up in Congress (editorial) — He defended his previous false testimony and cited privileges and policies that don't exist.
TODAY'S MUST-READ
► In today's NY Times — How Democrats can stop losing elections (by Sen. Bernie Sanders) — For the sake of our country and the world, the Democratic Party, in a very fundamental way, must change direction. It has got to open its doors wide to working people and young people. It must become less dependent on wealthy contributors, and it must make clear to the working families of this country that, in these difficult times, it is prepared to stand up and fight for their rights. Without hesitation, it must take on the powerful corporate interests that dominate the economic and political life of the country.
While Democrats should appeal to moderate Republicans who are disgusted with the Trump presidency, too many in our party cling to an overly cautious, centrist ideology. The party's main thrust must be to make politics relevant to those who have given up on democracy and bring millions of new voters into the political process. It must be prepared to take on the right-wing extremist ideology of the Koch brothers and the billionaire class, and fight for an economy and a government that work for all, not just the 1 percent… This is a pivotal moment in American history. If the Democrats are prepared to rally grass-roots America in every state and to stand up to the greed of the billionaire class, the party will stop losing elections. And it will create the kind of country the American people want and deserve.
The Stand posts links to Washington state and national news of interest every weekday morning by 10 a.m.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Sunday said U.S. President Donald Trump was condemning all forms of "violence, bigotry and hatred" when he spoke about the violence in Charlottesville, including "white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups," after he came under fire for not naming those groups specifically.
“The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups," the White House spokesperson said. "He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
Steve Blakely comes to AFSC after a 40 year career in the finance sector
NEW CEO - Steve Blakely will take over as AFSC CEO starting May 1st. Todd Colin Vaughan/Lacombe Express
Agriculture Financial Services Corporation (AFSC) recently introduced Steve Blakely as their new Chief Executive Officer.
Blakely comes to AFSC — a provincial crown corporation that provides loans, crop insurance and farm income disaster assistance to Albertan producers, agribusinesses and other small business — after 40 years of financial industry experience including the role of President of CEO at Servus Credit Union and President and CEO of Credit Union Deposit Guarantee Corporation of Alberta.
“I eagerly anticipate working with the team at AFSC to build upon recent strategies put in place by the Board of Directors aimed at building a strong, growing, diversified agriculture and agri-food sector in Alberta,” Blakely said in a press release.
Blakely will begin his tenure on May 1st and will begin acting on the Board of Director's mandates which is to support policy development and lead the executive team in responding to operation issues and challenges while sticking AFSC strategic plans.
“The lending mandate is going to be critical for us here and will change the way we do things,” Blakely said. “It will be very welcomed and positive thing for the agricultural community.
“The focus I really want to get a handle on is the strengthening of the core business of AFSC in the Province of Alberta and that includes things like making sure we are responsible with funds from the Government.”
AFSC Board Chair said that Blakely's career in finance is what made him stand out during their selection process.
“AFSC is committed to investing in Alberta by providing our clients the products they need to manage risk and grow their operations,” she said. “Steve's strong financial background will ensure Alberta agricultural producers are receiving the support and services needed to strengthen and grow rural Alberta.”
Blakely said AFSC will continue to function as it has in the past.
“It is a very well-run organization with an extremely good board,” he said. “For me it, it is about enacting what the board has put in. It is about taking it to the levels that the new board has chosen.”
He emphasized that their mandate will continue to be in line with the direction set by the Province of Alberta.
Minister of Agriculture and Forestry Oneil Carlier said in a release that having solid leadership is key at AFSC.
“We are building on an economic recovery that lasts and works for everyone and AFSC plays an important role. The Corporation provides insurance and lending programs to producers and rural-based entrepreneurs and, with its leadership overhaul now complete, I look forward to continued support for economic development in rural Alberta,” he said
Blakely added, “I am delighted to be back in Alberta. I spent a lot of my career here and I is really exciting to come to AFSC.”
editor@lacombeexpress.com
Like us on facebook athttps://www.facebook.com/Lacombeexpress/
and follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/lacombeexpress.
U.S. lawmaker Scalise in critical condition after attack by gunman at baseball field
ALEXANDRIA, Va. Congressman Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, was in critical condition on Wednesday night after he and three others were shot as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson makes a statement about the situation in Syria, at Palm Beach International Airport in West Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Joe Skipper
MOSCOW The Kremlin said on Monday that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will not meet President Vladimir Putin when he visits Moscow on Wednesday, a move that could point to tensions over a U.S. missile attack on a Syrian air base last week.
John Kerry, Tillerson's predecessor, often met Putin as well as the Russian foreign minister when he visited Moscow, and Putin granted several audiences to the Texan when he ran oil major Exxon Mobil before taking his current job.
Putin even personally awarded Tillerson a top Russian state award -- the Order of Friendship -- in 2013, and it was widely expected that the former oilman would meet Putin on what is his first trip to Russia as secretary of state.
But Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, told reporters on Monday that no such meeting was planned, suggesting Tillerson will follow strict diplomatic protocol and only meet his direct counterpart, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
"We have not announced any such meetings and right now there is no meeting with Tillerson in the president's diary," Peskov told reporters on a conference call.
He did not say why Putin was not planning to receive Tillerson.
U.S. President Donald Trump ordered a missile strike on a Syrian military base last week in retaliation for what Washington and its allies say was a poisonous gas attack in which scores of civilians were killed.
Moscow says there is no proof that the Syrian military carried out the attack, and called the U.S. missile strike an act of aggression that violates international law.
Tillerson's visit is being seen as an early test of whether Trump's new administration can use any momentum generated by striking the Syrian base to craft and execute a strategy to end the war there.
Even before Trump ordered the strike in retaliation for a nerve gas attack, Tillerson's visit was certain to be dominated by thorny issues.
Those include alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Washington's accusation that Russia is violating an important arms control treaty, and trying to bridge differences on how to conduct the fight against Islamic State.
Syria, ironically, was one of the few areas where analysts believed Moscow and Washington might be able to find common ground.
Peskov, Putin's spokesman, said on Monday that the U.S. strikes had shown Washington's total unwillingness to cooperate on Syria.
Reacting to media reports that Tillerson would use his visit to press Moscow to back away from supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Russia's biggest Middle East ally, Peskov signalled that was a non-starter.
"Returning to pseudo-attempts to resolve the crisis by repeating mantras that Assad must step down cannot help sort things out."
(Editing by Christian Lowe)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 28 Autodesk Inc
* Autodesk - on April 26, co, Citibank NA, Bank of America NA, among others entered into letter amendment No. 1 to amended credit agreement dated May 29, 2015
* Autodesk - amendment to replace max. debt to capitalization ratio with max. debt to total cash ratio of 2.00 to 1.00 for qtrs ending April 30, July 31, Oct 31
* Autodesk - Amendment provides minimum interest coverage ratio to not apply for quarters ending April 30, July 31, Oct 31 in 2017 and Jan 31, April 30 in 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
April 28 ABC Arbitrage SA:
* BSAA 2011 to be admitted to Marche Libre on date of May 3
* 4.7 million BSAA 2011 to be admitted at a unit price of EUR 0.45 ($0.4891) for a total value of EUR 2.1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9201 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Officer indicted in drug rehab center scheme
WEST DEPTFORD, N.J. (AP) — A grand jury has indicted a New Jersey police officer who prosecutors say schemed to get an offender into a drug rehabilitation program in which the officer had a financial stake.
NJ.com reports 31-year-old Thomas McWain was indicted Tuesday on charges of official misconduct, tampering with evidence and computer crime.
Prosecutors say McWain filed a "false narrative" regarding a 2016 arrest and sought to refer the offender to a drug rehab center.
McWain is also accused of asking people to meet him and bring drugs, only for them to be arrested and referred to drug rehab services.
Authorities say McWain deleted text messages requesting a person to bring drugs after learning of the investigation.
McWain has been suspended without pay since last November. His attorney has declined to comment.
___
Information from: NJ.com, http://www.nj.com
MINNEAPOLIS — Tom Brady has never lost in Minnesota, with his latest game in the land of lakes this weekend at the Super Bowl of course looming as the largest yet.
Well, long before all this football success, Brady actually endured a couple of memorable failures in the state. They came during those treasured visits to his family's farm outside the tiny town of Browerville.
First, there was his grandfather's dog, Tippy. Little Tommy ignored the advice of his elders one day and decided to feed Tippy a bone.
"I bent down to give him a kiss, and he bit through my lip," Brady said. "That was pretty rough."
Then there was his ill-fated debut with chewing tobacco, which he persuaded his uncles to let him sample during the half-hour ride back to the farm from their fishing expedition on the lake.
"They said, 'Look, if we give it to you, you can't spit it out until you get home,' Of course they give it to me, and within five minutes I'm outside of the car, throwing up all over the place," Brady said. "And I don't think I've had much chewing tobacco since then."
Brady spent plenty more time in central Minnesota as he aged into a star quarterback and eventually one of the most famous people on the planet. He still makes a priority to visit in the offseasons with his wife and children, trying to continue a tradition he reflected upon fondly and often during news conferences this week.
"I've come here my entire life since I was a baby. I've been coming to Minnesota in summers and winters. I loved the experience. I loved the life here," Brady said. "Some of my greatest memories as a kid were coming here and milking cows with my grandpa; hanging out in his silos and in the haystack above his barn; going out to where he would pasteurize the milk and pull the cream off the top of the milk in the morning; and shooting his (.22-calibre rifle) at targets in the backyard, and catching sunfish with my uncles. It was great. I love being here. It's a great state. Obviously, I love the people. Being that my mom's from here, I'm proud of that."
Galynn Johnson was the middle child between two boys, the 1961 homecoming queen at Browerville High School who moved to California and met Tom Brady, who would later add senior to his name when a certain five-time Super Bowl winner was born. The couple returned to Todd County, where the prairie meets the forest a little less than a 2 1/2-hour drive northwest of downtown Minneapolis, in 1969 for their wedding.
Brady and the Patriots will play the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday, when several family members will be in attendance at U.S. Bank Stadium.
The injury list keeps growing for the Hamilton Bulldogs.
When the team hosts Niagara Saturday, it will be without several key veterans, including defenceman Jack Hanley and forward Matt Strome.
The latter, who led the team in scoring last season, injured his left shoulder when he was checked into the boards in last Sunday's game against Kingston. He didn't practise this week and the team described his status as day to day.
The Bulldogs wouldn't elaborate on the injury, although head coach John Gruden said he's hopeful "it's nothing too serious." Confusingly, he also said he's "optimistic but pessimistic" when asked if there was a chance Strome would be back in the lineup for Monday's game in Sarnia.
Hanley, meanwhile, is out with concussion symptoms after receiving a check to the head in last Saturday's game in Barrie. The OHL suspended Colts forward Ben Hawerchuk for eight games this week after the Bulldogs submitted video of the hit for review.
No penalty was called on the play.
Gruden said it's unclear when Hanley will return — a blow to a blue line already missing Ben Gleason, who has yet to suit up after undergoing wrist surgery in the off-season. On top of that, OHL rules limit the Bulldogs to dressing just three of their four overage rearguards, which means only five defencemen will be on the ice when they face Niagara.
It's not all bad news, though.
According to Gruden, Gleason is expected to be cleared to play against Sarnia Monday and forward Mackenzie Entwistle, who suffered a rib injury while attending training camp with the Arizona Coyotes last month, should be back in time for next weekend's three-in-three.
"We have two more games to get through — or one with some question marks — and hopefully Monday we get some good news on some guys," said Gruden. "The good thing is our younger players are playing well."
This man is not cut out for ladies who want to play hard to get this year!
http://www.lailasblog.com/2017/01/no-time-to-waste-man-returns-ladys.html
Leduc RCMP are looking for information from the public after a suspect robbed a bank in the city in broad daylight Apr. 23.
According to Leduc RCMP spokesperson Cst. Bridget Morla, “On April 23, 2018 at approximately 1 p.m., Leduc RCMP responded to a robbery at the Royal Bank of Canada in the City of Leduc.
“The suspected demanded cash from the teller. After obtaining an undisclosed amount of cash the suspect exited the bank running eastbound. No one was injured in this incident.
“The male suspect is described as African American, approximately 25 year old, 6 feet tall, slim build who was wearing a grey hoody with grey with black and white stripe sweatpants.”
“RCMP are seeking the assistance of the public with reporting anything you believe was suspicious around this location on this date,” stated Cst. Morla of the Leduc RCMP detachment.
If you have information about this investigation, please call the Leduc RCMP at 780-980-7267, or call your local police detachment. If you want to remain anonymous, you can contact Crime Stoppers by phone at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS), by internet at www.tipsubmit.com, or by SMS. Remember, Crime Stoppers offers cash rewards for information leading to arrests and convictions.
Stu.salkeld@pipestoneflyer.ca
PARIS — Sloane Stephens has dropped only six games in her first two matches at the French Open.
Those victories have impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe, who now believes the reigning U.S. Open champion can claim a second Grand Slam title at Roland Garros.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens dispatched qualifier Magdalena Frech 6-2, 6-2 in just over an hour on Wednesday.
The 10th-seeded American player, who never got past the fourth round in her six previous appearances at the tournament, is more cautious. She missed the tournament last year and went through a stretch of poor results after winning at Flushing Meadows. She knows getting carried away would be a big mistake.
"That's so sweet, that was nice of him," Stephens said about McEnroe's tweet. "I mean, I can't predict the future, I don't know. I would love to. We'll see next Saturday."
There is a very long way to go for Stephens, who has yet to meet top contenders in Paris. She will face a more serious test in the third round against Camila Giorgi of Italy, who has lost only eight games in the first two matches.
Giorgi has beaten Stephens twice in their three meetings, including a 6-3, 6-0 rout in Sidney this year on hard court. Stephens does not give too much importance to that result, though, as it came during her post-U.S. Open struggles following a knee injury.
"I was coming out of an injury and tried to get my season started," she said.
After winning in New York, Stephens did not win a match for the rest of the season. She was beaten in the first round at the Australian Open in January and struggled with her tennis until March when she won the title in Miami.
So for now in Paris, Stephens is just happy to "feel good."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK | It was a prime holiday season for Amazon: The online retailer's quarterly profit soared past $1 billion for the first time in its more than 20-year history as it sold more voice-activated gadgets, enlisted new Prime members and benefited from its recent purchase of Whole Foods.
The Seattle-based company's profit was also helped by recent changes to the tax law, giving it a $789 million tax benefit during the fourth quarter.
Amazon, which got its start as an online bookstore in 1995, has ambitions that go far beyond online retailing. This week, for example, it announced plans to create a new health care company with JPMorgan Chase and Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway to find a lower cost solution for the three companies' employees.
FILE - In this Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2017, file photo, an Amazon Echo Dot is displayed during a program announcing several new Amazon products by the company, in Seattle. Amazon.com, Inc. reports earnings Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson, File) In this Monday, Jan. 22, 2018, photo, a shopper walks past others in a long line waiting to get inside an Amazon Go store in Seattle. Amazon.com, Inc. reports earnings Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson)
It also sees its Alexa voice assistant as a big part of its future. Amazon has been striking deals to put Alexa in cars, refrigerators and alarm clocks, allowing users to ask it the weather out loud or shop on Amazon.com by voice. Amazon said Thursday that it sold “tens of millions” of its Alexa-enabled Echo devices last year, but didn't give specific numbers.
Jeff Bezos, Amazon's founder and CEO, said Alexa “far exceeded” the company's expectations.
“We don't see positive surprises of this magnitude very often — expect us to double down,” said Bezos, who will appear in a Super Bowl commercial this weekend that promotes Alexa.
Overall, Amazon reported net income of $1.9 billion, or $3.75 per share, in the three months ending Dec. 31. That blew past the $1.88 per share analysts expected, according to FactSet. Its profit was more than double the $749 million it reported in the same quarter a year ago.
Revenue soared 38 percent to $60.5 billion in the fourth quarter, beating the $59.8 billion analysts expected.
The company said its physical stores brought in revenue of $4.5 billion, mostly from Whole Foods.
Although the company has more than a dozen bookstores, Amazon's first big push into physical stores came in August when it completed a nearly $14 billion deal to buy the organic grocer and its 470 stores. Amazon was quick to make changes, slashing prices on yogurt, bananas and organic kale. It also started selling Echos and Kindle tablets near the grocer's produce.
Amazon executives said in a conference call Thursday that sales at Whole Foods were better than expected. They also said the company will make its Prime membership the grocer's loyalty program sometime later this year.
The company said it added more Prime members last year than any other year, but didn't provide specific numbers. It did say that revenue from its subscription fees, which include Prime membership, rose 49 percent from a year before. Prime members pay $99 a year to get faster shipping and other perks, such as access to its video streaming service.
Amazon's headcount also swelled last year. The company had 566,000 employees at the end of 2017, up 66 percent from the year before. Some of that growth came from Whole Foods and its 89,000 employees, but the company said it also hired nearly 130,000 people around the world last year.
The company, which has outgrown its Seattle headquarters, is in the process of selecting a place to build a second headquarters. It has narrowed down its options to 20 places after receiving 238 proposals from cities, states and regions in North America hoping to win over the fast-growing company and its promise to add 50,000 jobs and spend $5 billion in construction.
Looking ahead, Amazon said it expects first-quarter revenue between $47.75 billion and $50.75 billion. Analysts expected first-quarter revenue of $48.6 billion.
Amazon.com Inc.'s stock, which is up more than 22 percent so far this year, jumped 6 percent to $1,477 in after-hours trading Thursday.
Contact Joseph Pisani at http://twitter.com/josephpisani
March 28 Moss Bros Group Plc
* Fy pretax profit from continuing operations rose 20.3 percent to 7.1 million stg
* Final dividend 3.98 penceper share
* Total dividend up 6.1 percent to 5.89 penceper share
* Fy group like-for-like sales of 131.5 million stg versus 119 million stg year ago
* Fy like-for-like retail sales up 6.0 percent
* Fy e-commerce sales including vat up 15.7 percent
* Fy profit before tax up 20.3 percent at gbp 7.1 million
* Fy ebitda up 8.8 percent to gbp 13.6 million
* Final dividend proposed of 3.98 pence
* Retail like-for-like* sales, including vat, in first 7 weeks of new financial year are up 4.3%
* Hire orders booked for collection in 2017/18 are currently -1% on previous year.
* Hire like for like*, reported on a 'cash taken' basis, is -14.3% in first 7 weeks, due to implementation of our "£10 deposit" offer in store
* Early responses to spring summer 2017 range across retail and to new hire ranges have been good
* Group's trading performance continues in line with board's expectations. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
April 12 (Reuters) -
* PDL Community Bancorp files for offering of up to 7.2 million shares of its common stock at $10.00 per share - sec filing
* PDL Community Bancorp - offering in connection with reorganization of ponce de leon federal bank into mutual holding company form of ownership Source text: (bit.ly/2o7ziFz)
April 10 Istar Inc
* Safety, Income and Growth Inc files for IPO of up to $100 million - SEC filing
* Safety, Income and Growth Inc - to apply to have common stock listed on New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "SFTY"
* Safety, Income and Growth - intends to elect to qualify as real estate investment trust, for U.S. Federal Income Tax purposes
* Safety, Income and Growth - BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan and Barclays are underwriters to the IPO
* Safety Income & Growth Inc - co will be externally managed by SFTY Manager LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Istar Inc
* Safety Income & Growth Inc - concurrently with completion of IPO, will sell $45 million in shares of co's common stock in private placement to Istar Inc
* Safety Income & Growth Inc - proposed IPO price is an estimate solely for purpose of calculating SEC registration fee Source: (bit.ly/2nZynYM) Further company coverage:
The Facebook logo is displayed on their website in an illustration photo taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau - RTX2Z6TC
KARACHI, Pakistan Facebook has assured Pakistan that concerns about blasphemous content on the social media site will be addressed and a company delegation will visit this week to discuss the issue with the government, the interior minister said on Tuesday.
Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif earlier this month ordered that blasphemous content on social media be removed or blocked and that anyone posting such material be punished, and the government requested a meeting with Facebook.
Blasphemy is a criminal offence in the strictly Islamic country and can carry the death penalty.
Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, quoting from what he said was a letter from Facebook's vice president received a day earlier, told reporters: "I wanted to reiterate that Facebook takes the concerns raised by the Pakistani government very seriously. We have also committed our representative to meet with you and senior officials of your government."
Khan described this message as a "very big improvement" from Facebook as, he said, the U.S. social media giant generally had not responded to such complaints in the past.
He said Facebook through Pakistan's ambassador in the United States has told him that over the past few months it had blocked 62 blasphemous webpages, and 45 in the past several days alone.
"We see it very positively that at the highest level Facebook has responded and takes this issue seriously."
He said Pakistan's Washington ambassador had spoken to the FBI and Justice Department to underline Islambad's concerns and both agencies had been receptive.
There was no immediate comment from Facebook.
Last week, Khan warned he would close social media sites that fail to prevent online blasphemy, but gave no details.
Facebook data indicate the social media app has about 25-30 million active users in Pakistan even though Internet penetration remains poor in the South Asian nation. Facebook's Instagram unit and rival Twitter are also popular.
The ruling PML-N party's tough talk against blasphemy will appeal to its conservative voter base ahead of elections likely to take place next year.
At least 65 people, including lawyers, defendants and judges, have been murdered by Islamist militants over blasphemy allegations in Pakistan since 1990, according to think-tank figures and local media.
(Reporting by Syed Raza Hassan; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Subtropical depression one has transitioned into a tropical depression and is expected to dissipate Thursday night or Friday, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said in its latest advisory on Thursday.
Tropical depression one is located about 730 miles or 1,170 kilometers west of the Azores with maximum sustained winds of 35 miles per hour (55 km/h).
"This transition is a common process, and does not change the previous intensity or track forecasts that call for the depression to become a remnant low later today, and become absorbed by a larger low tonight or early Friday," the NHC added.
(Reporting by Vijaykumar Vedala in Bengaluru)
MILAN, March 30 Italian consumer electronics retailer Unieuro has lowered the minimum stake offered in an initial public offering, which is set to close on Thursday, to around 32 percent of its capital from 42.5 percent previously, two market sources said.
The offer is set to close at 1800 GMT on Thursday.
The shop chain has also lowered the IPO price indication to 11 euros from 13-16.5 euros initially. (Reporting by Elisa Anzolin, writing by Valentina Za, editing by Francesca Landini)
Scott Hall and Kyle Saganiuk are the winners of the fifth Jordan River race in Revelstoke
A team of racers takes off at the start of the Jordan River kayak race on Saturday.
Organizers are happy with the turnout at the first ever Jordan River Festival in Revelstoke.
“I'm super-stoked. It was a huge success,” said lead organizer Katrina Van Wijk. “I'm excited about next year to grow it and get more kayakers out.”
The three-day whitewater kayak festival included a film night, clinics and races for all ability levels. It was centred around the Jordan River race — a steep-creek race through rapids, waterfalls, slides and drops on Saturday afternoon.
The race, held for the fifth time, was the focal point of the weekend. It was started in 2012 and turned into a full weekend of events this year.
Read more: Jordan River Race expands into whitewater festival
The race started at the fourth drop on the Jordan River — a 10-metre high slide in the river where a large crowd gathered to watch competitors start their run. It finished at the Jordan River bridge on Boulder Mountain.
Eight teams of two competed in the race. It was won by Scott Hall and Kyle Saganiuk, who navigated the stretch of rapids in 6:18. Van Wijk and her teammate Nicole Mansfield, the only women's team, finished second with a time of 6:27, while Sean McTernan and Rob Murphy were third in 6:29.
The weekend also featured a short race on the Illecillewaet River for intermediate kayakers. Leigh Hebert from Salmon Arm won the race in a time of 6:18, just edging out Revelstoke's Samuel Bouchard-Couture, who finished two seconds back. Erica Stewart was the top women, with a time of 2:28.
A kayaker paddles the Illecillewaet River during the Jordan River Festival. ~ Photo by Alex Cooper, Revelstoke Review
A kayaker paddles the Illecillewaet River during the Jordan River Festival. ~ Photo by Alex Cooper, Revelstoke Review
Kayakers take part in the fun beach ball race down the town section of the Illecillewaet River on Friday. ~ Photo by Alex Cooper, Revelstoke Review
A team of racers takes off at the start of the Jordan River kayak race on Saturday.
Spectators watch as kayakers race down the Jordan River. ~ Photo by Alex Cooper, Revelstoke Review
Katrina Van Wijk warms up on the first drop of the Jordan River race. ~ Photo by Alex Cooper, Revelstoke Review
CORRECTED-Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
"I think that he's been trying to play through something that's been very problematic in terms of mechanics, being able to swing properly, all those types of things," Twins manager Paul Molitor said. "It's taken away some of his aggressiveness as a base runner and a defender to some degree.
"If we're going to get going in the right direction, he's going to be a part of it and we want to make sure we get him back on track. We think taking a little break, maybe getting that foot re-examined to make sure that there are no changes in how he has healed to this point."
Santana threw 59 pitches over 3 1/3 innings in a Tuesday start for Class A Fort Myers, allowing one run and two hits, in his second minor league rehab start with Class A Fort Myers at Clearwater.
Molitor said they are pulling Santana off his rehab because he is dealing with swelling.
"We want to get him back to the surgeon and make sure that we're doing the right things as far as how we're bringing him along," Molitor said.
"We're going to get it examined again, get some more pictures and see, and put together some kind of plan again over the next 10 days and see where it takes us, but I don't know exactly how it's going to go. I think it'll somewhat be determined by what we learn getting it re-examined."
Santana went 16-8 with a 3.28 ERA in 33 starts last season. The 35-year-old is in the final year of a four-year $55 million contract with the Twins.
Minnesota recalled right-hander Aaron Slegers from Triple-A Rochester, where he was 5-2 with a 3.27 ERA. The 6-foot-10 rookie went 0-1 with a 6.46 ERA in four appearances last year with the Twins.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK, March 30 A day after two former allies of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie were sentenced to prison in the "Bridgegate" scandal, a state lawmaker who helped uncover the scheme to cause massive traffic jams over a political slight wants to keep pushing for answers to the two biggest unanswered questions.
What did the governor know about the lane closures at the George Washington Bridge, and when did he know it?
To learn the truth, the legislature's Bridgegate probe should be resumed, with Christie subpoenaed and required to testify, said Democratic Assemblyman John Wisniewski, who co-chaired a special committee that unearthed the damning emails and texts revealing the plot. He also is campaigning to replace Christie as governor.
But his fellow Democratic leaders in the state legislature on Thursday offered a lukewarm response, saying it was not clear what further investigation would accomplish.
Bridget Kelly, Christie's former deputy chief of staff, was sentenced on Wednesday to 1-1/2 years in prison. Bill Baroni, former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, got a prison sentence of two years.
Along with David Wildstein, another former Port Authority executive who pleaded guilty, they are the only officials charged in connection with the shutdown of access lanes at the bridge in Fort Lee, New Jersey, in September 2013.
The resulting traffic nightmare was intended to punish the town's Democratic mayor, Mark Sokolich, for declining to endorse Christie's re-election campaign.
Christie has denied any involvement, but the fallout damaged his unsuccessful 2016 presidential campaign and saddled him with historically low approval ratings at home. A spokesman did not respond to a request for comment on Thursday.
At trial, numerous witnesses, including close Christie advisers, testified that the governor and his inner circle were aware of the lane closures much earlier than they admitted publicly. Following her sentencing, Kelly said she refused to be a "scapegoat" and vowed to fight her conviction.
The criminal case might never have existed had it not been for the legislative committee, which used its subpoena power to secure communications between Kelly, Baroni and Wildstein. Those documents included the now-infamous email from Kelly to Wildstein saying, "Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee."
"We need to follow the facts wherever they go," Wisniewski said in a phone interview. He noted that Christie previously invoked executive privilege to avoid turning over texts and emails in what he called a "Nixonian" move.
But the assembly speaker, Democrat Vincent Prieto, said in a statement it was "unlikely after the federal trial that additional hearings or subpoenas will provide new information."
Prieto, whose approval would be needed for a new investigative committee, accused Wisniewski of using the issue to boost his campaign for governor. Christie cannot run for another term this year due to term limits.
Wisniewski, however, said leaving the investigation half-finished would allow such abuses to occur again.
State Sen. Loretta Weinberg, a longtime Christie foe who co-chaired the investigative committee, said she had "mixed feelings" about further action.
"I'm not sure what our goal would be," Weinberg, a Democrat, said in a phone interview. She said it was not clear whether the legislature could force Christie to testify under oath or gain access to his communications.
Christie's status as a lame-duck governor is another factor weighing against a renewed probe, as is the potential cost to taxpayers, Weinberg said.
The target of the scheme, Mayor Sokolich, said it was obvious the plot extended beyond the three charged defendants.
"There were many others who were half a text or one email conversation away from getting indicted," he said, adding that Christie has already been found guilty in the court of public opinion.
"I guess we'll never know for sure," Sokolich said. "Welcome to Jersey politics." (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by David Gregorio)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Kim Kardashian/Instagram
Kim Kardashian West‘s curves have made a huge mark on pop culture. The star is all about body positivity and has built a business around showcasing her body on Instagram, on television, in coffee table books and beyond. And now, she's bringing her figure to the fragrance world, by encasing her latest scent in a bottle that's shaped like, you guessed it, her body. So what better way to announce the launch date of her latest creation than with a photo of the inspiration behind it? That's exactly what she did, in a new topless shot that she just revealed on Instagram Tuesday.
Kardashian West shared the revealing in which she's posing topless with her arm across her chest. The star announced that the new launch, KKW Body, will drop on 4/30.
RELATED PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian West's All-Time Favorite Beauty Products
“KKW BODY 4.30 by Vanessa Beecroft,” she captioned the photo, noting that Beecroft, an esteemed sculptor and performance artist, is involved in the project.
“The next fragrance I have coming out in May, KKW Body, is so amazing. It is a sculpture, basically, of my body,” Kardashian West said in her cover story for Business of Fashion. “It's really cool. The scent is so good, I'm so proud of it. It smells to me like what I would think golden smells like, even though that's a color and something that's just luminous.”
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
Alex Neve, Secretary General of Amnesty International Canada, was in Lacombe on Sunday discussing the global refugee crisis.
During his speech, Neve said the key to solving the worldwide crisis is five things: prevention, champions, rights, empowerment and solidarity.
Currently, there are over 25 million refugees worldwide and one person is forced to flee their home every two seconds due to conflict or violence.
Neve said the numbers are the highest since the Second World War and that the numbers of displaced people in South Sudan and Syria are staggering, but the numbers do not tell the whole story of the crisis.
“It is only .3 of one per cent of the world's population,” he said.
”We can cope with that. We have enough prosperity, wealth and imagination among all nations that we can cope with that.
“The crisis lies in the fact that we have decided to respond not with generosity and compassion but with punishment and restriction. We spend billions of dollars on measures that are designed to keep refugees out of countries around the world and that has exacerbated the crisis.”
Much of the anti-refugee policy throughout the global north has stemmed from anti-refugee populist politics which uses negative and racist rhetoric to demonize refugees, according to Neve.
“This is something that in the past has largely been the domain of neo-Nazi groups, extremist fringe political parties or tabloid newspapers,” he said. “They have now come out of the fringes and have gone mainstream.”
Neve said U.S. President Donald Trump's election campaign was an example of this toxic rhetoric.
“Trump's election campaign was an attack on refugees and migrants, whether it be Muslim refugees or Central American, Latin American refugees coming to the United States,” Neve said.
“He did so in terms that often were not even disguised in their contempt and hatred for those very populations.”
Neve said it is important to turn away from that type of politics and that everyone needs to open their eyes and hearts to protecting refugees.
He, thankfully, has noticed some fruits of this effort after Canadians welcomed Syrian refugees to their communities all over the county.
“At the end of the day when we do have those opportunities for personal connections with people that is what wins out,” he said. “All the other suspicion, fears, worries and intolerance diminishes. “
One of the key goals for Neve is to promote agencies for refugees and give them control over the policy that will impact their lives.
“For years and decades, one of the most unfortunate hallmarks of refugee policy has been the degree to which refugees themselves have not been involved with shaping those policies and making decisions about their lives, their rights, their families and their futures,” he said.
“That is not only cruel, it also leads to bad policy because who knows better about what will work than those whose lives are on the line. We need to change that around.”
While the Canadian government has said a lot regarding helping the refugee crisis, the $15 billion Saudi Arabia arms deal for light-armoured vehicles lies in stark contrast to what has been said.
Canada has expressed concern regarding the crisis in Yemen, Neve said, but has yet to back out of the deal which provides weapons to the Saudi government which has exacerbated the crisis and has committed endless war crimes.
“We can't have it both ways. Are we or are we not concerned about displacement in Yemen? If we are, we should not be equipping the armed forces of the country that is the replacement of much of that suffering. We need coherence,” he said.
Neve said it is important for Central Albertans to raise their voices to all levels of government and let politicians know that they are in support of policy that is welcoming and compassionate to refugees
“Groups like Amnesty International always have petitions online and in person at public events where you have an opportunity to add your voice to the thousands of others around the world who are speaking out. It is not a time to be silent,” Neve said.
editor@lacombeexpress.com
todd.vaughan@reddeerexpress.com
Like us on facebook athttps://www.facebook.com/Lacombeexpress/
and follow us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/lacombeexpress.
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo, June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year. U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell, according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision. Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
The Toronto Raptors are free. Their tormentor, their destroyer of worlds, the man who was the final length of fuse to fire their soon-to-be-award-winning coach, the NBA god who experimented with just how to throw down the lightning bolts, with just how to send the plagues, with just how to test their faith not only in the game but in themselves …
He's gone. LeBron James is a Los Angeles Laker, and here come the aftershocks. One is that the Toronto Raptors are free.
But with freedom comes choices, and responsibility. This time, LeBron broke the Raptors. Not all of them, and not completely, but he broke them. That's why Dwane Casey won 59 games and was voted the coach of the year, and in between he got fired. It's why the team has been exploring trade concepts for Kyle Lowry, or DeMar DeRozan, or Jonas Valanciunas — who along with Norm Powell is said to be highly available — or almost anyone if it's the right deal. (That the Raptors would be open to moving Serge Ibaka goes without saying, even if he probably won't be going.)
Casey was fired and the core is unstable because in the biggest moment, the moment the Raptors had been building up to for years, they faced a vulnerable and shaky Cavaliers team and still blew it against LeBron. Game 1 and everything after broke the Raptors, and deeply cracked management's faith in what they are.
So what now? LeBron has gone to L.A. and into the glamour of deep uncertainty. He immediately joins the pantheon of the greatest players who have ever worn the uniform, which is so vast Kobe Bryant doesn't rate in the top five: it's now LeBron, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Magic Johnson, Wilt Chamberlain and Shaquille O'Neal as a top five, with Karl Malone and Jerry West and even Elgin Baylor in the mix for sixth.
Of course, LeBron spoke in the last days as a Cavalier about how he wanted to play with more cerebral players, and then the Lakers signed Lance Stephenson and JaVale McGee and Rajon Rondo: one half-crazed fighter, one seven-foot goofball and a genius non-shooting point guard. He may be ascending to some kind of pan-entertainment and wealth level of superstardom that will extend into his post-basketball life. The Lakers might trade for San Antonio's Kawhi Leonard or find some other way to create a contender; when the Lakers have a star, all things are vaguely possible.
But unless they do it's possible that at 33, still playing some of the most incandescent basketball anyone has ever played, LeBron James might not really matter in the NBA championship picture anymore, or even the finals picture. He seems secure in his legacy; he wouldn't have gone to L.A. without being sure he had enough help if he wasn't. But LeBron lives with Golden State now, and more. A certain level of basketball irrelevance is on the table.
The Raptors may not matter, either. They thought they did, but they found out they were wrong. But someone has to represent the East on the NBA final butcher block. Boston is set to be loaded; Philadelphia, after missing out on LeBron, is another year into the process.
And maybe Toronto can play with either one. New coach Nick Nurse is an unknown; Ibaka and Lowry will be another year older. The youth of Pascal Siakam, OG Anunoby, Delon Wright, Jakob Poeltl and the newly re-signed Fred VanVleet will be one year better, whatever that looks like.
So the real question for team president Masai Ujiri and general manager Bobby Webster is, how badly were they broken? Something was missing in that series. The Raptors talked all season about how they believed in themselves, and when the moment came they weren't brave enough, weren't cohesive enough, weren't good enough. It really did turn their entire season into cardboard.
March 30 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- The Trump administration is signaling to Congress it would seek mostly modest changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement in upcoming negotiations with Mexico and Canada, a deal President Donald Trump called a "disaster" during the campaign. on.wsj.com/2nBRZ7E
- Westinghouse Electric Co filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Wednesday, setting off a showdown between the nuclear power company's Japanese parent and a major U.S. utility, and threatening to drive a wedge between governments of two countries over the fate of industries each considers vital. on.wsj.com/2ni79fx
- British Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday began the UK's path out of the European Union, highlighting her country's security expertise as she started the clock on negotiations that will challenge ties between Britain and some of its closest allies. on.wsj.com/2ofj1j9
- Negotiations between New York real-estate developer Kushner Cos and a large Chinese company over a planned $7.5 billion tower in Manhattan collapsed amid an outcry over possible conflicts of interest involving the Trump administration. on.wsj.com/2nAiVED
- Federal regulators plan to reverse an Obama-era rule that prevented major television-station owners from buying stations or readily selling themselves, a move that could touch off a wave of deals among media companies. on.wsj.com/2nikcgj
- Two black women have filed a lawsuit against Fox News Channel, its parent company 21st Century Fox and a former senior executive at the cable network alleging racial discrimination. on.wsj.com/2oi0fIa (Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru)
Mark Carey of the mayor's office provides details about the first annual Winter Fest Celebration on Presidents Day.
The Adobe Flash plug-in is needed to listen to AM Quincy podcasts.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SINGAPORE/LONDON (Reuters) - Brewing groups including Thai Beverage (TBEV.SI), Anheuser-Busch InBev (ABI.BR) and Kirin Holdings (2503.T) are gearing up to bid for a stake in Vietnam's largest brewer, Sabeco SAB.HM, people familiar with the matter said, with the $5 billion sale process by the government opening this week.
FILE PHOTO: Men drink Sabeco's Saigon beer on a roadside restaurant in Hanoi, Vietnam November 29, 217. REUTERS/Kham/File Photo
The auction of up to 54 percent of Sabeco, in what is set to be Vietnam's biggest privatization, offers brewers access to a fast-growing market with a youthful population and beer drinking culture.
Sabeco is seen as attractive as assets are scarce in a highly consolidated global beer market.
Thai Bev, controlled by tycoon Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi, is shaping up as a strong contender, the people said, as it is familiar with the Vietnam system and sees Sabeco as key to expanding outside its home market.
“They have been around this situation for many years and are very keen to get this asset,” said one of the people, none of whom wanted to be named as they are not authorized to speak to the media.
Last month, a Thai Bev unit bought a 49 percent stake in a Vietnamese company which, the people said, could be used as a vehicle to bid for Sabeco as a domestic player, giving it an advantage over international rivals.
Thai Bev had no immediate comment, but said in October it was keen to grow through acquisitions in markets such as Vietnam. Firms controlled by Sirivadhanabhakdi also hold a 19 percent stake in Vietnam's Vinamilk VNM.HM.
A spokeswoman for AB InBev, the world's biggest brewer, said the company was committed to Vietnam and to growing its business for the long-term. A spokesman for Japan's Kirin said it was carefully considering its options.
Other potential bidders include Asahi Group Holdings (2502.T), San Miguel (SMC.PS) and Heineken (HEIN.AS), though several people said Heineken already had a strong business in Vietnam and could sit out an expensive auction that values Sabeco at about 36 times core earnings - more than double the trading multiples of around 15 for some global brewers, according to Reuters data.
Heineken, which already owns 5 percent of Sabeco, did not respond to requests for comment.
Asahi could not be immediately reached for comment, but the Japanese firm's president told Reuters in September it was studying Sabeco.
San Miguel's president Ramon Ang said the Philippine conglomerate was interested to bid for Sabeco. Kirin owns around half of its affiliate San Miguel Brewery.
The Sabeco auction is on Dec. 18, and bidders who are keen to own a stake equal to 25 percent or more of Sabeco's shares need to inform local authorities a week before the auction.
OWNERSHIP CAP
Foreign ownership in Sabeco is limited to 49 percent.That means overseas bidders can only bid for a minority stake of as much as 39 percent as foreign entities already own 10 percent.
Lack of control could put off some possible bidders, the people said.
“Having control of the business is very important for these international brewers because the multiple is very high. If you're going to pay that much you want to be able to institute your plans,” said one of the people, who expected international firms to sell their own premium beers like Budweiser, Heineken and Kirin through Sabeco's distribution network, in addition to Sabeco's beers, which include the Bia Saigon and 333 brands.
Vietnam's Ministry of Industry and Trade, which represents state shares in Sabeco, said foreign investors can link with Vietnamese firms to buy Sabeco shares, but have to comply with local laws and regulations.
Sabeco's share price has nearly tripled since its listing a year ago, with analysts citing a small float as inflating its market value.
The brewer's sky-high valuations and a complicated sale process could pose challenges for some potential bidders, the people said.
The Sabeco sale could also set the pace for peer Habeco BHN.HM, in which Danish brewer Carlsberg A/S (CARLb.CO) owns 17.3 percent.
OTTAWA — Finance Minister Bill Morneau can expect a lot of provincial hands reaching for the federal purse strings when he sits down with his counterparts in Ottawa today.
The issue of who should get the lion's share of revenue from legalized cannabis is expected to be a major bone of contention.
The provinces and territories say they'll have to bear the lion's share of the costs associated with legalization, and therefore should get most of the revenue.
Among the expenses the provinces are likely to face are beefed up policing, increased road safety efforts, busier court systems and public awareness campaigns.
Dolly Parton may be a megastar, but even the Queen of Country can't help but be starstruck in the presence of some of Hollywood's biggest stars.
The 71-year-old singer and actress stopped by PEOPLE Now recently, where she played “One Last Thing” and opened up about her time at the 2017 Emmy Awards.
“The last time I was starstruck, I guess, was at the Emmys because every star in the world was there and I was taking pictures with everybody,” she says.
“We had parties and things the night before and the night before, and the night before that and the night of. So I saw so many stars that I almost went blind.”
She may have been in awe of the big names at the ceremony, but she proved to be one of the night's stars as she reunited with her 9 to 5 gal pals Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin.
My favorite selfie from the Emmys: Look at these legends behind me. No way to feel like a loser with this Triple Crown! pic.twitter.com/P8DBdIFpEY — Kevin Spacey (@KevinSpacey) September 22, 2017
The “Jolene” singer also reveals her last major fashion disaster: when her dress ripped at the 1978 Country Music Association Awards.
“The biggest disaster I had was the time at the CMA Awards when my whole dress popped right up through the middle just about the time I was going up for an award,” she recalls.
“I had to borrow a coat or somebody's shawl to hold over me.”
A new watchdog report has praised West Yorkshire Police (WYP) for its ethics, accessible complaints system and the treatment of staff.
As part of its annual inspections into police effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy (PEEL), HM Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) assesses all the forces across England and Wales.
Reports released today look into police legitimacy – how fairly and respectfully the forces treat those they serve, whether they behave ethically and lawfully and the way they treat their workforces.
WYP has been rated as “good” in all three areas by the watchdog.
HM Inspector of Constabulary Mike Cunningham said: “The force strives to make sure that its workforce behaves ethically and lawfully.
“Senior leaders regularly refer their decisions to both internal and external ethics committees that provide robust oversight and critical feedback.
“The force is doing positive work to make the complaints process accessible and easy for the public to use, and it generally provides timely and meaningful updates to complainants on the progress of their case.
“The force recognises the importance of staff wellbeing, and is continuing to develop a comprehensive approach to understanding staff wellbeing.
“A clear strategy for wellbeing is in place, supported by organisation-wide, district and departmental plans.”
For the areas of legitimacy inspectors looked at this year, its overall judgement is the same as in 2016 for WYP.
The number of stop and search procedures carried out by WYP in 2015/16 (excluding vehicle only searches) was 14,500, or 6.14 per 1,000 population compared to 4.8 in England and Wales.
The percentage of females in the workforce as of March 2017 was 42 per cent compared to 51 per cent in England and Wales.
And the number of grievances per 1,000 workforce raised and finalised in the 10 months up to March 31 this year were 3.3 with officers, 3.7 with PCSOs and 9.3 with staff.
West Yorkshire's Chief Constable Dee Collins said:“I am really pleased with the report, which reflects the positive approach West Yorkshire Police takes to ensuring everyone in the organisation realises the importance of treating their own colleagues and the public fairly and with respect.”
The area's Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Burns-Williamson added: “In really challenging times this is a very positive report and a great reflection on the work being done internally and externally to ensure our communities are safer and feel safer which is the overall vision set out in the Police and Crime Plan.”
The inspection also assessed the force's leadership.
Last month the force was also praised as “good” for how efficiently it keeps people safe and reduces crime.
It is yet to be graded this time on effectiveness.
All other police forces in Yorkshire were rated as “good” overall.
Markstrom stopped 19 shots for Vancouver (14-13-4).
"They had three guys up on the forecheck," Markstrom said of Perreault's second goal. "I don't know how, but it was a poor decision by me and I wasn't good today and I take full responsibility."
Markstrom also let in a surprising goal 88 seconds into the first period, squeezing his pads on Kulikov's point shot, but the puck slid into the net behind him.
The Canucks have lost three straight in regulation for the first time this season.
Vancouver was missing top-line forwards Bo Horvat (broken foot) and Sven Baertschi (fractured jaw), but players weren't using that as an excuse.
"Every team has injuries," said forward Thomas Vanek, who had four shots on goal. "When I have the scoring chances that I had tonight, I've got to put them away.
"It doesn't matter who's in and who's out, I've got to find a better job of putting one of those in there and get some momentum back."
Winnipeg was without defenceman Dustin Byfuglien, who was put on injured reserve with a lower-body injury suffered in last Saturday's 4-3 overtime loss to Tampa Bay. Head coach Paul Maurice said he didn't expect him back on the ice until after Christmas. Rookie Tucker Poolman took his roster spot.
Jacob Trouba got Byfuglien's spot on the power play.
The teams were tied 1-1 after the first period and Winnipeg led 3-1 after two
Winnipeg got its second power play at 2:55 of the middle period after Sam Gagner was called for holding and Perreault fired in his goal from the slot exactly two minutes later.
The Jets capitalized on their next power play when, 37 seconds after Nic Dowd went off for hooking, Tyler Myers' blast produced a long rebound to Ehlers at the top of the circle that made it 3-1 at 14:09.
Morrissey scored his fourth goal of the season with a redirection on a 3-on-1 with Adam Lowry and Andrew Copp at 11:38 and Perreault finished it off with the 100th of his nine-year career.
Vancouver was 0 for 2 on the power play and Winnipeg 1 for 3.
The Canucks host Nashville on Wednesday, while Winnipeg is home to Chicago on Thursday.
By Judy Owen, The Canadian Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Joakim Noah's absence from the New York Knicks will continue indefinitely.
A team official says Friday that Noah and the Knicks have mutually agreed that he will not be back with the club until further notice.
Noah left the team last week after a dispute with coach Jeff Hornacek. He's already missed a pair of games this week.
The veteran center hasn't reclaimed a rotation spot after missing the start of the season while serving the remainder of a 20-game suspension. That suspension began last season for violating terms of the anti-drug agreement.
The Knicks could try to find a trade for him before next Thursday's deadline. However, a deal will be difficult because he has two more seasons remaining on the $72-million contract he signed in the summer of 2016.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A view of the scene where GEM TV founder Saeed Karimian was shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey April 29, 2017 in this still image taken from video. Video taken April 29, 2017. DHA/Handout via Reuters TV
A view of a burnt jeep abandoned by the suspects after GEM TV founder Saeed Karimian was shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey April 29, 2017 in this still image taken from video. DHA/Handout via Reuters TV
A view of the scene where GEM TV founder Saeed Karimian was shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey April 29, 2017 in this still image taken from video. DHA/Handout via Reuters TV
A forensics investigator photographs the victim's car at the scene where GEM TV founder Saeed Karimian was shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey April 29, 2017 in this still image taken from video. Video taken April 29, 2017. DHA/Handout via Reuters TV
ISTANBUL The head of an Iranian satellite television network who last year was sentenced in absentia to six years in prison by a Tehran court was shot dead in Istanbul together with a business partner, Turkey's Dogan news agency said on Sunday.
GEM TV founder Saeed Karimian and an associate were driving in Istanbul's Maslak neighbourhood after 8 p.m. (1700 GMT) on Saturday when their car was blocked by a jeep and shots were fired, Dogan said.
Karimian was found dead by emergency services arriving at the scene, Dogan said. His associate was taken to hospital but could not be revived.
Dogan described both victims as being of Iranian origin. The Hurriyet Daily News identified Karimian as a British national and his associate as a Kuwaiti.
Two masked shooters got out of the jeep before opening fire, Hurriyet said.
The jeep was later found abandoned and burned. Istanbul police declined to comment on the shooting when contacted by Reuters.
Dogan quoted the mayor of Istanbul's Sariyer district as saying initial police findings suggested the shooting may have prompted by a financial disagreement involving Karimian.
GEM TV is known for entertainment satellite channels that dub foreign films and Western television programmes into Farsi for Iranians. It also produces movies and TV series.
But in Iran, where the government tries to instil Islamic values by strictly regulating popular culture, the satellite broadcaster's programming has angered authorities, who view it as part of a cultural "soft war" waged by the West.
Last year a Revolutionary Court in Tehran tried Karimian in absentia and sentenced him to six years in jail on charges of "acting against national security" and "propaganda against the state".
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay; Additional reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Ros Russell)
LONDON, March 28 Live coverage of European markets now available on cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
Summary:
**European stock futures open higher
**Major Tesco shareholders oppose $4.7 bln Booker takeover
**Credit Suisse to decide 'as soon as possible' on capital raising
**Airport retailer Dufry seen gaining on report of stake sale
**Tourists return to Egypt, Turkey - Thomas Cook (Reporting by Helen Reid)
STOCKHOLM May 3 Geely-owned Volvo Car Group said its sales rose 10.5 percent year-on year in April as its United States business returned to growth and China sales rose sharply.
* Volvo Cars reports global retail sales growth of 10.5 pct in April.
* Says total sales for the month amounted to 46,895 cars, compared to 42,434 cars a year earlier.
* Says growth for the first four months of 2017 amounted to 8.0 pct.
* Says firm demand for the new 90 series cars remains an important factor in Volvo's positive sales performance, while the original XC60 remains the best-selling model overall.
* Saw sharpest growth in Asia Pacific, up 29.5 pct, with China, Volvo's largest market, up 38.3 pct.
* Says Americas region returned to growth in April, with sales up 14 pct yr/yr. Sales in the United States rose 15.4 pct, after a string of monthly declines.
* Says sales in the EMEA region increased by 3.7 pct. (Reporting by Johannes Hellstrom)
SEOUL, April 28 A top foreign policy adviser to South Korean presidential front runner Moon Jae-in said on Friday that U.S. President Donald Trump's suggestion Seoul pay for the THAAD advanced U.S. missile defense system would be an "impossible option".
In an exclusive interview, Trump told Reuters on Thursday that he wants South Korea to pay for the $1 billion Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system.
"Even if we purchase THAAD, its main operation would be in the hands of the United States," said Kim Ki-jung, a foreign policy adviser to Moon and professor at Seoul's Yonsei University.
"So purchasing it would be an impossible option. That was our topic when we were considering the options,"
(Reporting by James Pearson; Editing by Michael Perry)
MILWAUKEE — Sami Niku had a goal and two assists as the Manitoba Moose won their fifth straight game, downing the Milwaukee Admirals 5-1 on Saturday in American Hockey League action.
Brody Sutter, Nic Petan, JC Lipon and Brendan Lemieux also scored for the Moose (31-10-5) while Eric Comrie stopped 39 shots for the win.
Emil Pettersson found the back of the net for the Admirals (21-20-4), who are on a six-game slide. Anders Lindback kicked out 32-of-37 shots in defeat.
Manitoba went 1 for 6 on the power play while Milwaukee failed to score on three chances with the man advantage.
USD 428 staff will be mailing student-mileage vouchers for reimbursement on Friday to families with children in grades K-12 who live outside of the city limits and two and a half miles or more from their designated school (by way of the shortest route).
Patrons receiving vouchers in the mail need to return their signed vouchers to the USD 428 District Education Center, 201 S. Patton Rd., by April 30. The rate of reimbursement will be determined later.
Families new to the program may fill out student-mileage applications and vouchers from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on May 2 or May 3 at the District Education Center. Qualified patrons completing mileage vouchers will be mailed payment based on exact mileage to and from the designed school (one trip to school and one trip from school daily) after the July board of education meeting.
Questions regarding student-mileage reimbursement may be directed to Kelsey Menges, transportation secretary, 620-793-1500.
April 13 China Everbright Ltd
* Company entered into a facility letter
* Pursuant to deal an independent third party bank has agreed to grant a revolving and term loan of up to HK$1.5 billion
* Under facility letter, it will be an event of default if China Everbright Holdings co ceases to be single largest shareholder of co Source text (bit.ly/2oCfkqp) Further company coverage:
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 Fitch said on Friday South Africa's President Jacob Zuma's cabinet shake-up heightened political risk and signalled policy change, an outcome that risks the country's sovereign investment-grade credit ratings.
Zuma's midnight sacking of Pravin Gordhan as finance minister shook South African markets, undermining his authority and threatening to split the African National Congress (ANC) that has governed since the end of apartheid.
Zuma appointed Malusi Gigaba, who was home affairs minister, to head the Treasury.
Africa's most industrialised economy faces the risk of being downgraded to junk status owing to weak economic growth after it got a reprieve last year. The economy grew by 0.3 percent in 2016 versus 1.3 percent in the previous year.
Fitch rates South African debt one level above "junk" status.
"The cabinet reshuffle will heighten tensions within the ANC and increase political instability as the party focuses on its policy conference in June and leadership contest in December," Fitch said in a statement.
"These developments, together with relevant policy announcements from the new cabinet, could result in Fitch reviewing its ratings on the South Africa sovereign." (Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by James Macharia)
Topeka – Governor Jeff Colyer today announced a number of personnel changes for the senior staff of cabinet and subcabinet agencies. Colyer also announced several changes to his governor's office staff.
Larry Campbell, Olathe Representative for District 26, will join the Budget Office as Chief Budget Officer. The position will allow the governor's office to increase its focus on performance-based budgeting. Campbell's position as K-12 budget chair will be an asset to the Colyer Administration as they work with the legislature to find a workable solution to the education funding issue that will take center stage this session.
Shawn Sullivan, who had served as Budget Director, has been named Chief Operating Officer, where he will handle complex issues that touch multiple agencies, such as Medicaid eligibility.
Phil Whitmer is leaving the Office of Information Technology and Donna Shelite will step in as as Interim Chief Information Technology Officer.
Other changes include:
KDHE
Jeff Anderson will serve as Acting Secretary after the departure of Susan Mosier*
Jon Hamdorf will serve as Medicaid Director. He had served as interim Medicaid Director since the departure of Michael Randol.
Greg Lakin has been named Chief Medical Officer.*
John Mitchell, Director of Environment, is leaving the agency
Leo Henning will serve as the Interim Director of Environment
DCF
Acting Secretary Gina Meier-Hummel has replaced former Secretary Phyllis Gilmore*
Kathe Decker will replace former Chief of Staff, Jeff Kahrs
Susan Gile is now serving as Deputy Secretary for Family Services
David Kurt is now serving as East Regional Director
Patricia Long will serve as Prevention and Protection Services Director
Commerce
Interim Secretary Nick Jordan will depart the agency
Bob North will serve as Interim Secretary
Stan Alrech, Executive Director of Workforce and Innovation is leaving the agency
Diane DeBacker is now Executive Director for Business and Education Innovation*
*Previously announced
Governor's Office Staffing Changes
In addition to the above changes, Governor Colyer's office also outlined changes to the structure and makeup of his senior staff.
Karla Werth joins the Governor's office as Director of Constituent Services. Karla previous served in that role for the Graves Administration.
Kendall Marr, who joined Colyer's office as communications director in September, will now serve as chief communications officer. In the new role, Marr will take on increased responsibilities in coordinating and managing state agency communications staff.
Andrew Wiens will serve as Chief Policy Officer. He replaced Brandon Smith.
David Soffer also will join the governor's office as special assistant to the governor. Peter Barstad will join as policy analyst. Mary Sabatini has been brought on as assistant to the chief of staff.
Governor's Office Senior Staff
Jon Hummell- Chief of Staff
Brant Laue- Chief Counsel
Andrew Wiens- Chief Policy Officer
Tim Shallenburger- Legislative Affairs Director
Kendall Marr- Chief Communications Officer
Kara Fulmer- Press Secretary
Clay Barker- Special Assistant to the Governor
Karla Werth- Director of Constituent Services
Galway Bay fm newsroom – More time has been allowed for a Greenway Enhancement Project at NUI Galway in Newcastle.
The college applied for an extension of planning permission for the N6 underpass and approach roads near the Quincentenary Bridge.
The works at the NUIG campus will include the formation of a new vehicle, cycle, pedestrian underpass along the N6 road.
The development will include a riverside walkway as part of the city's Greenways initiative.
City planners have granted an unconditional extension of time for the project, which must now be completed within five years.
March 31 (Reuters) -
* Fitch affirms Russia at 'BBB-'; outlook stable
* Fitch on Russia - expects that central bank will achieve its inflation target of 4% by mid-2017
* Fitch says Russia implemented a coherent and credible policy response to sharp fall in oil prices
* Fitch says expects Russia's public finances to remain strong versus 'BBB' peers, despite execution risks to fiscal strategy
* Fitch on Russia - expects current account surplus to rise modestly over forecast period to an average of 3% of GDP in 2017-2018, from 1.7% in 2016
* Fitch on Russia - assumes that EU and US sanctions remain in place over medium term, but are not tightened significantly
* Fitch says according to Fitch's estimates, Russia has directed RUB3.2 Trillion (3.7% Of 2016's estimated GDP) towards supporting banking sector since 2014 Source text for Eikon:
KWAGO in partnership with Film Police Reviews (FPR) is set to launch Mas maganda yung book! on March 23, 6 p.m. A monthly film screening of movies based on books, the gathering aims to let people appreciate the written word in a different medium, as well as encourage critical discussions about film adaptations.
“We're not really saying that the book is better than the films we're going to screen. The event's name is more of a tease — a joke. It's a playful prompt for people to think on their own and break down things they consume,” Kwago founder Czyka Tumaliuan clarified.
“One of Kwago's mission is to foster a culture where people are more conscious about the things they expose their minds and selves too,” Ms. Tumaliuan continued.
The movie night opens with Tyang Karyel's exhibit Tyanganized DVDs where the contemporary Filipina artist creates “trash drawings” of books turned into movies and places them inside cheap Blu-ray Disc plastics, making them seem like pirated commodities from China.
Kickstarting the series is Ghost World by Terry Zwigoff, which was nominated at the Academy Awards for Best Adapted Screenplay in 2002.
“FPR would be there to add to the discussion rather than lead it. Criticism is about analysis, and when it comes to analysis, there can be multiple interpretations. So a critic may be there to impart significant insights, but one must not be closed off to ideas coming from the crowd,” Film Police Reviews cofounder Tristan Zinampan emphasized.
Free shots will be available for people who spot the differences between the book and the movie.
Entrance to the event is free.
For details, follow the event page: bit.ly/masmagandayungbook.
Maha Ragaay is seen near a photo of Jesus as she prepares a meal for breaking fast at her home in the Cairo suburb of Maadi, Egypt, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Maha Ragaay eats with her family and friendes as they break their fast near a picture of Jesus, in her home in the Cairo suburb of Maadi, Egypt, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Maha Ragaay prays and lights a candle in front of a wooden figure of Jesus on a cross in her home at the Cairo suburb of Maadi, Egypt, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
ALEXANDRIA, Egypt Members of Egypt's Christian minority flocked to traditional services this Easter weekend in sombre mood following attacks last Sunday that killed 45 people, and security was especially tight at the two churches hit by the bombers.
Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks on Palm Sunday targeting Egypt's nearly 2,000-year-old Coptic Christian community and has warned of more attacks to come. The militants are waging an insurgency against security forces in Egypt's Sinai peninsula.
In the Mediterranean port city of Alexandria, worshippers passed through a metal detector at the entrance to Saint Mark's Cathedral, historic seat of the Coptic Pope and one of the two sites attacked last Sunday.
Rafiq Bishry, head of the church's organisational committee, said he was surprised that so many people had come to the services that mark the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus Christ despite the increased security risks.
"This is a clear message to the whole world that we are not afraid," he told Reuters Television.
Coptic Pope Tawadros had been leading the mass at the cathedral at the time of the explosion but was not injured.
On Saturday, a soldier with a heavy machine gun watched from the top of an armoured vehicle near the cathedral.
At the other bombed church, St. George's, in the Nile Delta city of Tanta, north of Cairo, masked soldiers with body armour and rifles stood by as worshippers were searched and also made to pass through metal detectors.
Islamic State has stepped up assaults on Egyptian Christians and now claims to have killed 80 people in three church bombings since December, including the Palm Sunday attacks.
Maha Ragaay, a Coptic Christian teacher who lives in Cairo, said she had avoided watching television on Palm Sunday, afraid of seeing the bloody images broadcast after the bombings.
"I do not want (these attacks) to happen again, but I don't feel that we're doing anything to stop this," she said, lighting a candle in front of a small statue of the crucified Christ as she celebrated Easter with family and friends at home.
Ragaay said she would be marking Easter in a state of mourning for those who had lost their lives.
Following the attacks, the government introduced a three-month state of emergency which gives it sweeping powers to act against what it calls enemies of the state.
Copts make up about 10 percent of the 92-million population of mostly Muslim Egypt and are the region's largest Christian denomination.
(Additional reporting by Mohamed Zaki in Cairo; Writing by Giles Elgood; Editing by Gareth Jones)
(Adds details, quote)
By Chijioke Ohuocha
LAGOS, March 31 South Africa's Tiger Brands is still interested in investing in Nigeria despite pulling out of a flour milling business it acquired that never turned a profit, local conglomerate UAC said on Friday.
UAC's chief executive Larry Ettah said its partnership with the food company was paying dividends and in recent conversations the South African firm had said Nigeria remained important as it looked to expand abroad.
Tiger bought 49 percent of UAC's food business in 2010 but since then it has had to sell its 65.7 percent stake in its loss making Nigerian flour division for $1 to Dangote Industries Ltd, owned by Africa's richest man Aliko Dangote, having bought it for $200 million in 2012.
"We have had conversations with our partners ... and they made us understand that Nigeria is still important to them," Ettah told an analysts' call discussing its full-year earnings.
The joint venture company UAC Foods Limited posted a pretax profit of 1.14 billion naira last year, down from 1.43 billion naira, though Ettah said the company "was still paying dividends".
Shares in UAC, which have lost 23 percent so far this year, closed flat on Friday at 13.65 naira. They fell 19 percent last year. The group posted a 0.52 percent rise in pretax profit and declared a dividend of 1 naira per share.
Ettah said frequent input cost rises was pressuring margins in the food business and the weak economy had also affected consumer demand.
No one at Tiger was immediately available for comment.
Africa's biggest economy is in recession for the first time in quarter of a century and also battling a currency crisis brought on by low prices for oil, its main export, that has hammered foreign reserves and created chronic dollar shortages, frustrating businesses.
Tiger Brands, South Africa's biggest consumer foods maker, has had some management changes, Ettah told the call, which has led to a review of its strategy and that in their communications "they still see Nigeria as an opportunity."
Tiger Brands has said its other businesses in Nigeria, UAC Foods and Deli Foods, would not be affected after it sold off the flour business. (Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
South Africa speedster Kagiso Rabada has been allowed to play international cricket with immediate effect, he will be available for selection when South Africa face Australia in the third Test match on March 26.
Rabada has been found not guilty of the charge of making inappropriate and deliberate physical contact with a player following a hearing before the Right Honourable Michael Heron QC on Monday.
However, the 22-year-old has been found guilty of conduct that is contrary to the spirit of the game, an offence under Article 2.1.1 of the Code. He has been handed one demerit point and has been charged 25% of the match fees.
This brings the player's demerit points to a cumulated total of 7 and he is free to play with immediate effect.
April 28 Royal Bank Of Scotland Group Plc
* RBS says on analyst call that change in administration in U.S. means there is lack of counterparty to engage with on mortgage mis-selling talks
* RBS says on analyst call that there is no reason to think it won't resolve mortgage mis-selling case with U.S. Justice department by year-end Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Anjuli Davies)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BEIJING The nuclear energy industry needs an annual investment of $80 billion in order to meet climate change goals, the director of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said on Friday.
Dohee Hahn told a nuclear industry conference that between 10 and 20 reactors will need to be built every year through 2030, if the global temperature rise is to be held within 2 degrees.
The agency estimates that total global nuclear capacity needs to reach 862 gigawatts by 2040, up from 376 gigawatts in 2014, in order to meet the goals set in the Paris agreement.
(Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By Francis Anthony T. Valentin
Special Features Assistant Editor
THE FIRST TOWER of Botanika Nature Residences, the crown jewel of the luxury property brand Filigree, is now ready for occupancy. This premium 13-storey low-density condominium lies in an exclusive and quiet section of Filinvest City, a 244-hectare master-planned community in Muntinlupa City.
“We are extremely pleased to welcome residents as they finally make Botanika their home,” said Catherine A. Ilagan, head of Filigree. “Botanika by Filigree is a bespoke residential condominium masterpiece that we are most proud of. That we were able to finish it on time and to exacting standards is but a testament of our unyielding commitment to investors and unit owners.”
Botanika is Filigree's most upscale offering yet, aimed at the most discriminating and affluent urbanites who value privacy and luxury. To create this tower of opulence, Filigree sought the services of some of the most respected firms in architecture and design. They include Leandro V. Locsin Partners and Architecture International, which joined forces in designing the building; AECOM Philippines, which was responsible for the landscaping; and Miaja Design Group, which worked on the interiors of the common areas.
The units are generous by most standards, ranging in size from 123 to 343 square meters. They come in different configurations: two-bedroom suites, three-bedroom flats, three-bedroom garden bi-level units, five-bedroom garden bi-level units, and grand penthouse units. A typical floor contains only 10 units. As a low-density structure, it gives the impression of living in a village with single-detached homes than in a condominium, which typically evokes small living space.
And unlike almost all condominiums, Botanika has a broad and curved shape inspired by the leaf. At a welcome party held by Filigree at the atrium of Botanika last March 8, Leandro “Andy” Locsin, Jr., administrator and design consultant of Leandro V. Locsin Partners — a company named after his father, a National Artist of the Philippines for Architecture — pointed out the distinct benefits the shape offers.
“It provides a tremendous amount of privacy,” he said. In the coming years, two towers will be erected next to the recently completed one, but no one will face each other. Furthermore, Mr. Locsin said, “It encourages air flow.”
Not only is Botanika breezy, it is also green. In fact, it is a BERDE-certified (Building for Ecologically Responsive Design Excellence) with a 3-star rating for design structure. BERDE is a program, under which a national building rating system was developed, created by the Philippine Green Building Council to “facilitate green building projects in the country, inspire confidence in the industry, and build trust in the industry.”
Filigree's flagship project has resort-like amenities, too. There are tiered pools for both adults and kids, canopied veranda, sunbathing deck, bathing room and an outdoor play area with tree houses. Residents who are members of The Palms Country Club are provided private access from Botanika to the club.
Since Botanika is within Filinvest City, it is only a short drive away from schools (De La Salle Zobel, Paref Southridge School, San Beda College Alabang), leisure centers (Festival Alabang, Westgate Center) and many other establishments.
The husband of murdered MP JO Cox has led the tributes to the former miner who tried to save his wife and ended up suffering serious injuries himself.
Bernard Kenny, 79, died on Monday morning confirmed his son Phil Kenny last night.
Brendan Cox, tweeted this morning: "Bernard Kenny was a hero, he personified the best of our country; risking his own safety to help others.
"Our thoughts & love are with his family."
Tracy Brabin, who was elected MP for Batley and Spen after the death of Mrs Cox, earlier added: "My heartfelt condolences go out to Bernard's family at this sad time.
"I hope they will take comfort in the fact that Bernard will forever be remembered as a true hero, both as a member of the miners' rescue team and as a constituent of Batley and Spen who risked his life to protect Jo Cox.
"Bernard was brave and selfless, we will never forget him."
Mr Kenny was awarded the George Medal for his bravery this June, and said he was "honoured to receive such an award".
On that fateful day in June last year, Mr Kenny was waiting for his wife outside Birstall librarywhen he saw Mrs Cox being attacked.
He tried to intervene and was stabbed in the stomach.
After the attack, more than 80,000 people signed an online petition calling for Mr Kenny to be awarded the George Cross for his bravery.
He was a miner for 40 years and is a former member of the Gomersal Mines Rescue team which tried to save victims of the Lofthouse mine disaster in 1973.
Thomas Mair was given a whole life sentence for the murder of Mrs Cox, and was also found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to Mr Kenny and possession of a gun and dagger.
Russian President Vladimir Putin leaves after a meeting with Finnish President Sauli Niinisto as part of the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
ARKHANGELSK, Russia President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Western criticism of how Russia had handled anti-government protesters at the weekend was a politically-motivated attempt to interfere in his country's domestic affairs.
Speaking at an Arctic forum in northern Russia, Putin, who is expected to seek a fourth presidential term next year, also said his political opponents were trying to channel public discontent about corruption for their own "mercenary" needs.
"We know well that this tool was used at the start of the so-called Arab Spring, what this led to, and what bloodshed happened in the region," Putin said, in his first comments on the weekend street protests.
Thousands of people took part in anti-corruption rallies across Russia on Sunday and dozens of them were arrested or fined.[ID:nL5N1H30FK] [ID:nL5N1H43L2]
The United States and the European Union called on the Russian authorities to free detainees.
Putin condemned their calls on Thursday.
"Such appeals to Russia are purely political aimed at applying pressure on the country's domestic political life," he said.
"Everybody should abide by the law and everyone who breaks the law should be punished in accordance with Russian legislation."
The authorities refused to grant protesters formal permission to hold their rallies in most cities meaning that the demonstrations were, in their eyes, illegal.
Opposition activists disagreed however and cited the Russian constitution which they said gives people the right to gather peacefully without the authorities' approval.
(Reporting by Oksana Kobzeva and Nastya Lyrchikova; Writing by Maria Tsvetkova; Editing by Vladimir Soldatkin/Andrew Osborn)
This week, Rivers Cuomo revealed a few details about the next Weezer album, out May 25th.
Following a line of colour-coded records, the “Black Album” will sound a bit, or a lot different than Weezer releases in the last few years. Cuomo said: “It's real challenging for me. I don't gravitate towards super dark music. There's always got to be something triumphant about it in the end. So, I've been struggling trying to figure out how I can do a ‘Black Album' as a writer.”
This comes just a few months after Rivers Cuomo said the new effort would lean “a lot more modern and electronic and not '90s sounding.”
April 12 China Oil & Gas Group Ltd:
* China Oil & Gas-issuance Of US$350,000,000 4.625 pct Senior Notes Due 2022
* On 11 April 2017, co and subsidiary guarantors entered into purchase agreement with Deutsche Bank and Morgan Stanley in connection with notes issue
* Gross proceeds of notes issue, before deduction of underwriting commissions and other estimated expenses, will amount to US$350 million
* Intends to use net proceeds from notes issue to repay certain existing indebtedness including 2013 notes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro (2nd R) shakes hands with Venezuela's Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez (L) as he arrives to an event in San Felix, Venezuela April 11, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Demonstrators clash with riot police while ralling against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro's government in Caracas. REUTERS/Christian Veron
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro (2nd L) arrives to an event in San Felix, Venezuela April 11, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
SAN FELIX, Venezuela/CARACAS Angry Venezuelans threw objects at President Nicolas Maduro during a rally on Tuesday, as protests mount against the unpopular leftist leader amid a brutal economic crisis and what critics say is his lurch into dictatorship.
State television footage showed a crowd mobbing the vehicle that Maduro was standing on as he waved goodbye at the end of a military event in San Felix, in the south-eastern state of Bolivar. Amid the commotion, people threw objects at Maduro, who was wearing a traditional Venezuelan suit and a yellow-blue-red presidential sash, while his bodyguards scrambled.
The state broadcaster then halted transmission.
In a separate video shared on social media, voices yelling "Damn you!" were heard as the vehicle apparently transporting Maduro, a former bus driver and union leader, tried to make its way through the crowd.
Five males, aged 15, 17, 18, 19 and 20, were arrested for throwing "sharp objects" against Maduro's vehicle, according to a report by a local National Guard division seen by Reuters on Tuesday night.
Further details were not immediately available. The Information Ministry did not respond to a request for information, although Socialist Party officials tweeted that Maduro had been received by a cheering crowd in San Felix.
However, the opposition, which has been protesting in the last two weeks to demand early elections, pounced on the incident as evidence that Maduro is deeply despised amid food shortages and spiralling inflation.
"The DICTATOR only needs to leave Miraflores (presidential palace) to see how the people repudiate him!" opposition lawmaker Francisco Sucre, from the state of Bolivar, said on Twitter amid a flurry of commentary on social media.
"They cannot give a standing ovation to the man responsible for the worst humanitarian crisis in our history!" Sucre added.
The incident drew immediate parallels with last year, when authorities briefly rounded up more than 30 people on Margarita island for heckling Maduro, a rare sight given that the president's appearances typically are carefully choreographed and show only cheering supporters wearing red shirts.
Videos published by activists at the time showed scores of people banging pots and pans and jeering Maduro during a visit to inspect state housing projects. Authorities later accused opponents of "manipulating" videos.
TWO DEATHS
Venezuela's opposition on Tuesday pilloried what it says is repression during anti-Maduro protests after authorities confirmed a second death in unrest in the last week.
The state prosecutor's office said in a statement on Tuesday that a 20-year old man had been fatally shot in the neck on Monday night at a protest in the city of Valencia. Opposition lawmakers said the man, Daniel Queliz, was killed by security forces while he was protesting.
His death comes on the heels of the killing of 19-year-old Jairo Ortiz on the outskirts of Caracas on Thursday in the area of an opposition protest. A police officer has been arrested.
After years of protesting with little results, street action had ebbed until a Supreme Court decision in late March to assume the functions of the opposition-led congress sparked outcry, with condemnation at home and abroad.
The court quickly overturned the most controversial part of its decision. News that the national comptroller on Friday had banned high-profile opposition leader Henrique Capriles from office for 15 years drew broad criticism, too.
Venezuelans have been suffering food and medicine shortages for months, leading many to skip meals or go without crucial treatment.
Opposition leaders announced another round of protests in Venezuela's more than 300 municipalities for Thursday, saying scattered demonstrations would stretch security forces thin.
Maduro says that under a veneer of pacifism, the opposition is actually encouraging violent protests in a bid to topple his government.
State officials via social media have shown images and videos of demonstrators vandalising public property and throwing rocks at police.
"Who is taking responsibility for damage to public property and persons?" Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino said on Twitter, posting pictures of demonstrators kicking police officers and breaking into an office of the Supreme Court. "What is their agenda? Terrorism, chaos, death?"
Most of the protesters are peaceful and say street action is their only option after authorities last year blocked a recall referendum to remove Maduro. Local elections, due last year, have yet to be called.
Still, many Venezuelans are pessimistic that street protests will yield any change, while others abstain out of fear of violence or because they are too busy searching for food.
(Additional reporting by Brian Ellsworth and Diego Ore; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Leslie Adler)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
April 5 Space Hellas SA:
* Says it successfully completed construction of new data center division of informatics and telecommunications
* Says the data center, has an area of approximately 160 m2 and the budget reached 969,000 euros ($1.04 million)
Source text: bit.ly/2n9Otm5
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9360 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 28 Bank Of Communications Co Ltd
* FY net interest income RMB 134,871 million versus RMB 144,172 million a year ago
* FY net profit RMB 67,210 million versus RMB 66,528 million a year ago
* As at Dec 31, capital adequacy ratio was 14.02 percent versus 13.49 percent a year ago
* "Commercial banks will face with huge pressures and great challenges in operations and management"
* Group's increase in total assets is expected to be not lower than 5% in 2017
* FY net interest spread and net interest margin decreased by 31 and 34 basis points on a year-on-year basis to 1.75% and 1.88% respectively Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Kim Kardashian West will meet with officials, including senior adviser Jared Kushner, at the White House on Wednesday to discuss prison reform, a person familiar with the plans says.
It's not clear if Kardashian West will meet with President Donald Trump.
The entrepreneur and reality television star has advocated for a pardon for a low-level drug offender named Alice Marie Johnson, who has served more than 20 years in prison.
Prison reform has been a key issue for Kushner. Earlier this month, the White House-backed First Step Act, which would expand programs for prisoners and allow for more home confinement, was approved by the House Judiciary Committee.
Kardashian West has said she supported Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election, but her husband, Kanye West, has signaled his support for Trump.
In 2016, West met with the President-elect at Trump Tower in New York. And last month, after releasing a photograph wearing a “Make America Great Again” cap, West released a song defending his praise of the President.
Kardashian West's White House visit was earlier reported by Vanity Fair.
38.897676 -77.036530
TOKYO Activity in Japan's services sector expanded at a slightly slower pace in April as new business growth slowed, a private survey found on Tuesday - a sign that the broader economy could be losing some momentum.
The Markit/Nikkei Japan Services Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) fell TO 52.2 from 52.9 in March on a seasonally adjusted basis.
The index remained above the 50 threshold, which separates expansion from contraction, for the seventh consecutive month.
"A slightly softer trend in new business suggests that Q2 overall may not be quite as strong as the first quarter, but with jobs being created and confidence in the future sustained, the fundamentals for ongoing expansion remain in place," said Paul Smith, senior economist at IHS Markit, which compiles the index.
The index for new business fell to 52.2 from 52.8 in March, while the business expectations index eased slightly to 55.0 from 55.4 in that month.
Services account for around two-thirds of Japan's gross domestic product, so expansion in the sector would support overall economic growth.
Japan's economy is seeing a modest recovery, although the improvement has been highly dependent on a rebound in exports.
Japanese manufacturing activity expanded at a stronger pace in April as export orders increased, a revised survey showed on Monday, suggesting firms' output remains on track to rise thanks to overseas demand.
The Final Markit/Nikkei Japan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) was 52.7, slightly below a preliminary 52.8 but still above the 52.4 notched in the previous month.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Eric Meijer)
FILE PHOTO: Jemima Sumgong (KEN) of Kenya celebrates after winning the 2016 Rio Olympics Women's Marathon in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on August 14, 2016. REUTERS/Johannes Eisele/Pool/File Photo
LONDON Jemima Sumgong, who last year became the first Kenyan woman to win Olympic gold in the marathon, has tested positive for the banned blood-booster EPO in an out-of-competition test carried out by the IAAF, the sport's governing body said on Thursday.
“The IAAF can confirm that an anti-doping rule violation case concerning Jemima Sumgong (Kenya) has commenced this week, the International Association of Athletics Federations said in a statement.
"The athlete tested positive for EPO (Erythropoietin) following a no-notice test conducted by the IAAF in Kenya.
"This was part of an enhanced IAAF out-of-competition testing programme dedicated to elite marathon runners which is supported by the Abbott World Marathon Majors group."
If Sumgong's B sample is confirmed as positive and she is subsequently banned it will be a massive blow for African distance powerhouse Kenya, where her Rio victory was greeted with near-delirium after such a long and inexplicable barren spell over the classic distance at the Olympics.
Kenya took silver in the women's marathon at the three previous Games and a bronze in 2000 having failed to medal before that after the race was introduced to the Games in 1984.
Sumgong, 32, had a stellar 2016, winning the London Marathon in April then claiming the elusive Olympic gold in Rio despite being disturbed by a protester on the course.
Sumgong's former compatriot Eunice Jepkirui, who switched allegiance to Bahrain in 2013, took silver.
Eliud Kipchoge won the men's race to complete a Kenyan double.
Thursday's news comes in the wake of a four-year ban handed to Kenya's multi-marathon champion Rita Jeptoo, Sumgong's former training partner, after she tested positive for EPO in 2014.
Kenya's middle and long distance success has been marred by doping cases involving elite athletes. Officials estimate the number of positive tests at about 50 in the past four years.
The latest cases will be seen by observers as evidence of how the IAAF is making progress in the region after previous official criticism of anti-doping regimes in Kenya and Ethiopia.
Both countries have in the past been deemed non-compliant with the World Anti-Doping Agency's (WADA) code.
(Reporting by Mitch Phillips; Editing by Ken Ferris)
× Eric Cantor praises injured Capitol Police officers who kept him safe
RICHMOND, Va. — Krystal Griner and David Bailey were the Capitol Police officers shot and injured during Wednesday morning's attack on the Republican Congressional baseball team in Alexandria, Virginia, according to House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Both Griner and Bailey were members of former House majority leader Eric Cantor's security detail.
The Henrico native, who served in Congress from 2001 to 2014, praised the officers who helped keep him safe.
“Both David Bailey and Krystal Griner are trained professionals who assume the obligation of dignitary protection in a serious and consistent manner,” Cantor said. “I was honored to have them serve in my security detail when I was a majority leader. Their acts of bravery and heroism demonstrated this morning during the horrible attack in Alexandria are consistent with the individuals I know who never tired of being on alert no matter the threat.”
The conditions of the Capitol Police officers have not yet been released. They were two of the people injured when alleged shooter James Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire during Republicans' early-morning practice ahead of a charity baseball game. President Donald Trump said the alleged gunman had been killed.
Rep. Steve Scalise, a congressional staffer, and a lobbyist were also shot.
Scalise, the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip, appeared to have been shot in the hip, Rep. Mo Brooks told CNN. A congressional staffer, Zach Barth, was also injured. Matt Mika, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods who sometimes practices with the team, was also identified as one of the victims, and Sen. Jeff Flake said Mika was the most seriously injured. House Speaker Paul Ryan also identified two members of the Capitol Police who were injured, Krystal Griner and David Bailey.
As of Wednesday afternoon, Scalise was in critical condition, according to MedStar Washington Hospital Center. A statement from Scalise's office released earlier Wednesday morning said Scalise was undergoing surgery.
Lawmakers who were there described a chaotic scene, with many members of the congressional GOP baseball team huddled in a dugout while Capitol police who were part of Scalise's security detail and local Alexandria police engaged in a shoot-out with Hodgkinson. Congressional and law enforcement sources described it as a “deliberate attack.”
Later, House Republican and Democratic leaders called for unity and praised the police, while Trump in an address from the White House said that the prayers of the nation and world are with Scalise.
“Congressman Scalise is a friend, and a very good friend,” Trump said. “He's a patriot. And he's a fighter. He will recover from this assault — and Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation, and frankly the entire world. America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting.”
Members practicing for traditional baseball game
Members of Congress were practicing for a game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park. Rep. Martha McSally, R-Arizona, said the game will still go on as scheduled. The annual game has been played since 1909, and McSally said lawmakers applauded the announcement at an all-members meeting.
In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team's coaches, said one of his staff members, legislative correspondent Zack Barth, was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. Williams tweeted Barth was “receiving medical attention but is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery.”
The Capitol Police officers who were injured are “in good condition and have not suffered any life-threatening injuries at this point,” Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa said at a news conference.
Lawmakers describe a terrifying scene
Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they've practiced for years, when suddenly shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.
Members described Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base, where he had been playing, and lying there until the shooter was neutralized, at which point some of them ran to assist him and apply pressure to the wound until he could be evacuated. Once they were able, Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Scalise was coherent the whole time, Flake said.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN “it would have been a massacre” without the Capitol Hill Police officers present.
“Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police,” Paul said on CNN. “It would have been a massacre without them.”
“We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with,” Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks said.
Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.
“Fifty (shots) would be an understatement, I'm quite sure,” Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire.
Brooks said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn't say anything.
“The gun was a semiautomatic,” Brooks said, adding that he was sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind. “It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter.”
Shooter identified
Hodgkinson's Facebook page is largely political, his profile picture is a caricature of Bernie Sanders as Uncle Sam.
The Facebook feed is filled with anti-Trump sentiments such as “Trump is guilty and should go to prison for treason.”
He also “liked” a political cartoon that suggested Scalise should be fired. On March 22, he posted “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co.”
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said both in a statement and on the Senate floor that he had learned the shooter volunteered on his presidential campaign — and that he condemned the shooting “in the strongest possible terms.”
“I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign,” Sanders said.
“I am sickened by this despicable act. Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms,” he said. “Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values.”
Capitol Hill increases security, cancels events
The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill, where security was increased and regular proceedings were canceled or postponed.
Ryan condemned the shooting and praised the Capitol police on the House floor later Wednesday.
“We are united. We are united in our shock. We are united in our anguish. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Ryan said, drawing a bipartisan standing ovation.
He also said he'd seen an image of members of the Democratic congressional baseball team huddled in prayer after learning of the shooting.
“Every day we come here to test and to challenge each other. We feel so deeply about the things that we fight for and the things that we believe in. At times, our emotions can clearly get the best of us. We are all imperfect. But we do not shed our humanity when we enter this chamber. For all the noise and all the fury, we are one family,” Ryan said.
The House decided to not hold any votes on legislation Wednesday, and many hearings were delayed. The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation.
Capitol Hill Police notified congressional offices that the security presence on the Hill would be increased “out of an abundance of caution.”
Members of Congress targeted in the past by violence
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords in January 2011. Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a “Congress On Your Corner” event at a Tucson grocery store. Giffords, who authorities said was the main target of the shooting, survived the attack but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured.
Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
CNN's Phil Mattingly, Dana Bash, Deirdre Walsh, Eugene Scott, Peter Morris, Karl deVries and Noa Yadidi contributed to this report.
For Kylie Jenner, Coachella weekend means one thing: three whole days to bring out the brightest wigs in her rainbow hair closet. We'd thought Kylie had worn every shade under the sun, from multicolored highlights to mint green. But this weekend, the star out-Kylied herself with a shade that she's never worn before: the most fluorescent shade of neon yellow we've seen yet.
The 19-year-old beauty mogul turned to her longtime wig guru, Tokyo Stylez, to create two wigs for her weekend in the desert. First up? Her highlighter-hued angled bob, which she paired with a strappy gold mini dress. And as if her wig wasn't already bright enough to see in the dark, she made sure you couldn't miss it by equipping it with glow-in-the-dark capabilities.
Ky-lighter 🎾 | @manicpanicnyc #electricbanana + #electriclizard A post shared by Touched By Tokyo – Hairstylist (@tokyostylez) on Apr 15, 2017 at 3:38pm PDT
RELATED PHOTOS: Every Single Hair Color Kylie Jenner Has Ever Worn
FROM COINAGE: The Real Cost of Going to Coachella
Stylez, who has created nearly every bright wig in her collection, revealed the two shades that he used to create the look: Manic Panic Semi-Permanent Hair Color Cream in Electric Lizard and Electric Banana, each of which cost just a little over $10. Meaning you, too, can score her vibrant look without breaking the bank.
RELATED PHOTOS: 50+ of the hottest, coolest and craziest celebrity outfits at Coachella!
😈 @kyliejenner 😈 #touchedbytokyo A post shared by Touched By Tokyo – Hairstylist (@tokyostylez) on Apr 15, 2017 at 4:23pm PDT
For day two of the weekend, Jenner toned things down with a rich purple shade, which she paired with an animal print two-piece outfit.
Would you try Kylie's neon hue? What's your favorite shade that she's worn? Sound off below.
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Sinolink Worldwide Holdings Ltd :
* ‍ON DEC 8 CO, ZHONGAN TECHNOLOGY CO FORMED JV CO TO INVEST OPPORTUNITIES IN FINTECH & INSURETECH
* ‍CO & ZHONGAN TECHNOLOGY TO CONTRIBUTE RMB60 MILLION & RMB50 MILLION IN CASH IN JV CO; CO TO ADDITIONALLY CONTRIBUTE RMB620 MILLION
* ‍UPON COMPLETION, CO AND ZHONGAN TECHNOLOGY WILL OWN 49 PCT AND 51 PCT OF VOTING INTERESTS IN JVCO, RESPECTIVELY​
* ‍CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION OF RMB620 MILLION IN CASH TO JVCO IS IN CONSIDERATION FOR REDEEMABLE PREFERENCE SHARES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRISBANE, Australia — Australian basketball legend Luc Longley Wednesday blamed the Philippines coach for a shocking on-court brawl in their World Cup qualifier, alleging he incited his players to act violently.
He also hit out at Filipino players for taking “gangster selfies” after the ugly clash.
The brutal melee in Manila involving players, fans and officials on Monday left the Australian team fearing for their safety, and they sought embassy help to fast-track their departure from the country.
They arrived home on Wednesday morning and assistant coach Longley, the first Australian to play in the NBA, where he spent 10 seasons, said the violence was the worst he had ever seen on court.
“I've never seen anything like that, not even on YouTube. I do believe that their coach Chot Reyes incited them to come out and thug us,” said Longley, who won three NBA championships alongside Michael Jordan at the Chicago Bulls.
“I think there's video evidence of that. Then he substituted a thug out there, who took three or four cheap swings at ‘Bubbles' (Chris Goulding).”
Thirteen players were ejected after the all-in fight between the Gilas Pilipinas and the Boomers in the third quarter, which was hashtagged #basketbrawl as footage and condemnation went viral.
What was already a bad-tempered game erupted in the third quarter when Philippine player Roger Pogoy knocked Goulding to the ground and Daniel Kickert retaliated by flattening Pogoy with a flying elbow.
Longley, who rushed to the aid of Goulding as he was set upon by a dozen Filipino players and officials, claimed Reyes was “embarrassed” by how his team was playing and urged them to hit back at the Boomers.
He pointed to footage of an angry Reyes during a time-out telling his players to “hit somebody.”
“He wouldn't look me in the eye at the end of the game when I shook his hand, and I think he was embarrassed and… if you listen to his diatribe after the game, I think it verifies it,” said Longley in Brisbane.
“I'm upset with him more than anybody, and to let his team take selfies, gangster selfies on the line after an event like that, that shows total lack of control or respect.”
Basketball's governing body FIBA has opened disciplinary proceedings against both teams.
Basketball Australia chief Anthony Moore has said his side accept responsibility for their part in the brawl while the Philippines federation offered apologies to fans and the basketball community, but not Australia.
Kickert, whose retaliatory elbow sparked the fight, said he regretted his actions, with a long suspension likely.
“I regret those things, but I'm going to let FIBA do everything they need to do, to take the time, go through the process and come to the answers that they see fit and bring down the sanctions,” he said. — AFP
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
Being overweight may impact not only your health but your future child's development as well, a new study suggests.
Children of obese parents may be at risk for developmental delays, says the study, published in the Journal of Pediatrics.
In the United States, an estimated one in five women is obese when they get pregnant, registering a body mass index above 30. The healthy average is between 18.5 and 24.9.
But few studies have looked at the father's weight, even though 20% to 30% of US adults — both male and female — are obese.
A team from the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development set out to learn more.
“Our study is one of the few that also includes information about fathers, and our results suggest that dad's weight also has significant influence on child development,” said lead researcher Dr. Edwina Yeung, an investigator at the institute.
Effects differ based on the heavier parent
The researchers looked at 4,821 children from 4 months old to the age of 3, between 2008 and 2010, and found specific effects on children, depending on which parent is obese.
Compared with normal or underweight mothers, children of obese mothers were more likely to have difficulty using small muscles, such as those in their fingers or hands.
Paternal obesity was associated with increased risk of failing at personal-social activities, such as feeding themselves, playing and undressing themselves. Those born to extremely obese couples also were more likely to fail problem-solving tests.
Pinpointing progress
The researchers used data from the ongoing Upstate KIDS study, which follows over 6,000 children born in New York state.
It aims to track the growth, motor and social development of children and its correlation with infertility treatments, obesity, rising maternal age and pregnancy complications.
Parents are asked to regularly complete the Ages and Stages Questionnaire for their children.
“The questionnaire is a screening tool. It's an indicator of whether a child is on track for behaviors appropriate to his or her age,” Yeung explained.
The tool was designed to pinpoint development progress and catch delays in children up to the age of 6.
Yeung's team looked at reports recorded by parents at 4, 8, 12, 18, 24, 30 and 36 months. According to Yeung, although parents are self-reporting information, the potential for bias is small, as questions are straightforward (PDF).
“The fine motor skills part, for example, asks such questions as whether the child can turn the pages of a book or whether he or she can stack blocks,” she explained.
Mothers also completed a questionnaire about health status and lifestyle at enrollment to determine both parents' height and weight before pregnancy.
According to the study authors, factors associated with obesity — such as lower income and education, smoking and alcohol use — were taken into to consideration when analyzing the results.
Weight at delivery was taken from electronic birth certificates.
Cause remains unclear
It is not unclear exactly why parental obesity might increase developmental delays in children.
“Our study wasn't designed to prove cause and effect. At this point, we only have correlations between parents' BMI and children's scores on a screening questionnaire,” Yeung stressed.
However, the authors note that studies on animals show that obesity during pregnancy may promote inflammation, which can affect the fetal brain.
“Obesity is correlated with a rise in inflammation and in hormones that regulate body fat and metabolism. One theory is that these hormones might influence the development of the baby's brain,” Yeung said.
Other theories are that high blood sugar or a shortage of certain nutrients might influence brain development.
The study offers less information on the potential effects of paternal obesity on child development, but the authors cite previous research hypothesizing that obesity could affect the expression of genes in sperm.
Scott Johnson, a professor in developmental psychology at the University of California, Los Angeles, was fascinated by team's results.
“The authors pose some interesting possible mechanisms by which maternal and paternal obesity could be responsible for the outcomes they reported,” Johnson said.
He thinks the theories that maternal obesity poses a risk to a fetus' development are sound but says much more research is required.
“It wasn't clear to me how that general property induces specific deficits in fine motor skills,” Johnson said.
The effects of obesity in male sperm are also not sufficiently explained, but the developmental psychology expert says it is not impossible.
“It's not a crazy idea. It has been speculated for some time that there may be distinct paternal genetic contributions to autism risk, for example,” he said.
What's next?
“Overall, the study has some important findings and an intriguing set of possible explanations,” Johnson concluded.
However, at this point, nothing can be confirmed.
“It's really important to stress that these results need to be confirmed by other studies,” Yeung agreed.
But that is not easy, as recruiting families and collecting and analyzing the data could take years. If the team's results are confirmed, physicians who work with young children might take parents' weight into account when screening for development.
In the end, it's one more reason to keep an eye on your waistline.
“We know that obesity greatly increases the risk for such conditions as heart disease, diabetes and stroke. For anyone, male or female, pregnant or not, it makes sense to attain a healthy weight,” Yeung said.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TAIPEI Taiwan's presidential office on Friday said it had no plans "at this stage" to hold a telephone call with U.S. President Donald Trump, and understood that the United States had priorities in handling Asia-Pacific regional affairs.
The response came after Trump brushed aside the idea of such a phone call, following a comment by Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen that she would not rule one out, in separate interviews with Reuters on Thursday.
"Based on the good mutual trust and understanding between Taiwan and the United States, we understand the United States has priorities in handling regional affairs," Presidential Office spokesman Alex Huang said in a statement.
"At this stage, we don't have such a plan."
The government would pursue Taiwan's best interests, Huang added.
(Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
PRETORIA, March 30 Below are comments from South African Reserve Bank Governor Lesetja Kganyago on Thursday as he announced the central bank's latest decision on its benchmark repo rate.
RAND "While most measures of emerging market risk have narrowed over recent months, those for South Africa have widened again over the past few days. The rand has also been underpinned by favourable terms of trade trends."
GROWTH "The domestic growth outlook remains weak following the negative growth recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016."
"Low growth in gross fixed capital formation remains a downside risk to growth in the short term."
INFLATION
"Overall the MPC accesses the risk to inflation outlook to be moderately on the upside mainly due to the high degree of exchange rate uncertainty."
"Since the previous MPC meeting the inflation outlook has improved. However, the risk to the inflation forecast has been affected by the reaction of the exchange rate to the current elevated levels of political uncertainty."
DECISION
"The MPC is concerned that increased political uncertainty could impact negatively on private sector investment and household consumption expenditure, and further undermine employment growth. The risks to the growth outlook are therefore assessed to be on the downside." (Reporting by TJ Strydom and Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by James Macharia)
Syria's main opposition High Negotiations Committee (HNC) leader Nasr al-Hariri attends a round of negotiation with Deputy UN Special Envoy for Syria Ramzy Ezzeldin Ramzy (not pictured), during the Intra Syria talks at the European headquarters of the United Nations in... REUTERS/Salvatore Di Nolfi/Pool
GENEVA Negotiators from Syria's government and opposition traded insults on Friday, calling each other "terrorists" and "adolescents" after an eight-day round of peace talks in Geneva.
The two sides do not meet but negotiate via U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura, saving their liveliest invective for the TV cameras after each meeting with him.
Opposition negotiator Nasr al-Hariri said the "terrorist regime" of President Bashar al-Assad had refused to discuss political transition during the talks and said Assad was a war criminal who must step down in the name of peace.
"They are solely discussing their empty rhetoric about countering terrorism," Hariri told reporters, vowing there could be "no peace without justice."
"War crimes and crimes against humanity must not be an option for negotiations. From now, venues must be found for transitional justice to ensure holding the perpetrators accountable," he said.
Hariri said he was looking for a negotiating partner who put the interests of the Syrian people first, while his opposite number, the government's chief negotiator, Bashar al Ja'afari, said he only wanted to negotiate with someone "patriotic".
Ja'afari mocked the opposition delegation as "adolescents" who thought they were appearing on a television talent show such as "Arab Idol" or "The Voice", and were under the illusion that government would simply hand over the keys to the country.
"In fact they are tools, they are mercenaries in the hands of their lords, their operators, and it seems they have not received instructions from them, except instructions to continue supporting terrorism and to create havoc in these rounds."
Ja'afari said his delegation had given de Mistura documents on all aspects of talks - on elections, constitution, reformed governance and countering terrorism - but the opposition had not responded.
Despite the volley of insults, de Mistura said both sides were keen to return for further talks even if he was "not seeing this immediately developing into a peace agreement."
"There are real challenges on the ground, we are seeing them in front of our eyes. But let's be frank, no one walked out in spite of them," the mediator said.
The Geneva talks, which began fitfully last year before being drowned out by the escalating war, were originally backed by the United States and Russia. While Russia is widely seen as holding the balance of power, the United States has backed away from its previous overt support for the rebels.
On Thursday, U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley said the priority was no longer "getting Assad out".
Hariri said the United States remained a friend and there had been no "dramatic change", with the U.S. priority being to fight terrorism and limit also the influence of Iran.
Ja'afari said Haley was new and needed time to "digest and metabolise" the reality of the Geneva talks and complementary ceasefire talks in Astana.
"The future of Syrians will be determined only by the Syrians, not by the U.S. or any other ambassador," he said.
(Editing by Hugh Lawson and Richard Lough)
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission logo adorns an office door at the SEC headquarters in Washington, June 24, 2011. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
A federal appeals court on Wednesday rejected the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's request that it reconsider a ruling holding that its in-house administrative judges are not constitutionally appointed.
The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver declined to rehear the case of Colorado businessman David Bandimere, which led to a major setback for the SEC amid attacks by defendants who question its administrative court system's fairness.
While a majority of judges voted against having the full court hear the case, two dissented, including Circuit Judge Carlos Lucero, who said the case presents "numerous questions of constitutional importance."
Lucero said the three-judge panel's December ruling "presents a threat of disruption throughout our government" and could affect other agencies that, like the SEC, utilize administrative law judges.
"That the Supreme Court may ultimately review this case does not relieve us of our independent obligation to rehear it," he wrote.
The decision came after the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in February said that it would rehear a case in which a three-judge panel last year upheld the SEC's use of in-house judges.
The Supreme Court often reviews matters where circuit courts are split.
Bandimere's lawyer, David Zisser, said he was pleased with the decision. Representatives for the SEC did not respond to requests for comment.
Administrative law judges are independent from the agencies where they work. Their employing agency can seek their removal, but the Merit Systems Protection Board must review such a move.
Following the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law's passage, the SEC relied increasingly on its own judges to oversee cases. Critics call the fast-tracked in-house court unfair to defendants, some of whom have challenged the system in court.
The SEC accused Bandimere of acting as an unregistered broker from 2006 to 2010 in making sales of securities in two entities that enabled Ponzi schemes. He denied wrongdoing.
Administrative Law Judge Cameron Elliot in 2013 found Bandimere liable for violating securities laws, barred him from associating with any broker, dealer or investment adviser and ordered him to pay nearly $1.03 million.
In December's ruling, U.S. Circuit Judge Scott Matheson said Elliot and the SEC's other administrative judges held their offices in violation of the U.S. Constitution's appointments clause.
Matheson said the SEC's judges were not employees but "inferior officers" who had not, as required, been appointed by the president, a court or a department head.
The case is Bandimere v. U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 15-9586.
(Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
SPENDING power and inflation remain the leading concerns of Filipinos, and the government rated poorly in terms of controlling the latter, but majorities approved of the administration's handling on many other issues, according to the findings of the Pulse Asia survey.
The polling firm's Ulat ng Bayan survey, conducted between March 23 and 28, identified the top concerns of Filipinos as the need to increase salaries (cited by 50% of respondents), inflation (45%), poverty reduction (35%), job creation (32%), and reducing crime (27%).
Other concerns were fighting corruption and promoting peace (tied at 22%), reducing taxes (15%), protecting overseas workers (13%), enforcing the rule of law and protecting the environment (tied at 10%).
The fewest respondents cited as their leading concern terrorism (4%) and Charter change (3%).
“Public concern about the need to increase the pay of workers and protect the welfare of (Overseas Filipino Workers) become more pronounced between December 2017 and March 2018 while levels of concern about fighting corruption in government and enforcing the rule of law decline during the same period,” Pulse Asia said.
Meanwhile, majorities approved the government's handling of: calamity relief (86%), the protection of overseas workers (84%), fighting crime (81%), promoting peace (71%), enforcing the rule of law (71%), protecting the environment (71%), increasing worker pay (68%), fighting corruption (70%), creating more jobs (67%), defending national territorial integrity (67%) and reducing poverty (53%).
Only a minority approved of the government's handling of inflation (39%), and Pulse Asia noted a 12 percentage point increase in the level of disapproval from the last survey.
Inflation hit 4.3% in March, according to the Philippine Statistics Authority (PSA).
Sought for comment, Presidential Spokesperson Harry L. Roque, Jr. said the issues cited in the survey were the administration's own concerns as well.
“A more comfortable life is what we want to provide to our fellow Filipinos. So what our citizens want lines ups with what President Rodrigo R. Duterte wants to achieve,” he said in Filipino. — Camille A. Aguinaldo
Steven Mnuchin, U.S. Treasury Secretary, laughs during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
BEVERLY HILLS U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Monday that economic growth of three percent is achievable in the next two years as the Trump administration sets out to dramatically cut taxes.
Speaking at the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, almost a week after he helped unveil plans to cut taxes for many people and corporations to 15 percent, Mnuchin said tax reform and regulatory relief will help spur economic growth.
Mnuchin's comments also come days after government data showed tepid economic growth of 0.7 percent for the last three months.
"The tax plan is our version of a jobs bill," Mnuchin said in an onstage interview with journalist Maria Bartoromo.
Although the stock market has reacted positively to Trump's election - with the S&P 500 index up 11 percent since November - critics of the tax plan have said it is ambitious and lacks details.
In a light-hearted moment, Mnuchin quipped that many at the conference had him to thank for the surge in bank stocks that have helped lift their portfolios, bringing laughter from the audience.
But with few fresh details about Trump's plans and an uncertain time frame, some at the conference expressed concern that the generally optimistic atmosphere might begin to fade.
"I'm concerned that if we don't see tax or healthcare reform by the end of the year, markets will start to doubt the administration's ability to deliver it," said Scott Minerd, global chief investment officer at Guggenheim Partners.
Mnuchin said he has been working with congressional leaders to push tax reform and he hopes for bi-partisan support. Mnuchin told CNBC on the sidelines of the conference that the tax proposal was purposely vague so that the administration could work with legislators to craft something that will pass Congress.
The Trump administration has invited many business leaders into the White House and is listening closely to their concerns and hopes on tax changes, he added.
David Solomon, president and co-chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs, said the great sense of optimism early in Trump's tenure may be fading some.
"This quarter it feels like conviction for tax and regulatory reform is more muted."
Solomon's predecessor at Goldman, Gary Cohn, joined the Trump administration as director of the National Economic Council and one of his primary goals has been to work on tax reform.
One concern associated with the Trump tax plan is how the government plans to pay for it. Mnuchin said that there are plenty of other ways to off set the revenue that would be lost through reduced tax receipts. He did not offer many specifics.
Indeed many at the conference, including investment managers whose businesses could benefit dramatically from the cut in taxes, were cheering the new administration and its can-do attitude which also includes plans to tackle health care reform.
Prospects for growth look to be better around the world, several said.
Yet there were also some rumblings of concern that ambitious projects would not be completed and that tensions around the world with other governments would increase.
Mohamed El-Erian, chief economic adviser at Allianz, said that optimism is off the charts according to the stock market but geopolitical issues are a real concern.
(Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss and Olivia Oran; Editing by Bernard Orr)
April 10 Capital First Ltd
* Capital Firstto consider and approve the private placement of rated, listed, secured/ unsecured/ perpetual, redeemable, non‐convertible securities Source text: [Capital First Limited has informed the Exchange that the meeting of the Debenture Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on April 13, 2017 inter alia to consider and approve the Private Placement of Rated, Listed, Secured/ Unsecured/ Perpetual, Redeemable, Non‐Convertible securities in the nature of Debentures to be listed on the Debt Market segment of National Stock Exchange of India Limited.] Further company coverage:
TORONTO — Canadian mining stocks helped give the main Toronto stock index some lift in late-morning trading, while U.S. stocks were mixed.
The S&P/TSX composite index was up 15.94 points to 16,112.01, after 90 minutes of trading.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.02 points to 24,321.14. The S&P 500 index was up 2.05 points to 2,653.55 and the Nasdaq composite index was up 11.79 points to 6,851.87.
The Canadian dollar was trading at 77.82 cents US, up from an average price of 77.76 cents US on Friday.
HHS: Congressional visits to migrants wasting resources
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration says lawmakers' visits to migrant children in federal shelters are wasting staff resources that could be used to help connect kids and parents.
But Democrats say lawmakers should be granted immediate access to shelters housing about 12,000 migrant children, including about 2,000 who have been separated from their parents as a result of President Donald Trump's "zero tolerance" policy at the border.
In a letter Tuesday to leaders of the Senate and House judiciary committees, the Health and Human Services Department says nearly 500 work hours have been devoted to arranging visits for more than 70 lawmakers.
The letter says, "Many of these hours would otherwise have been spent ... verifying parental relationships."
HHS is asking lawmakers to submit visit requests two weeks in advance.
PRESIDENT Rodrigo Duterte said on Thursday he had fired two Malacañang officials over alleged corruption.
The President made the revelation in remarks at the World Trade Center in Pasay City, without going into details.
Advertisements
“I promised you corruption, I will stop it. I will stop it. I just fired two employees from Malacañang,” Duterte said, without naming names.
“I [have]fired Cabinet members this early. Either you really stay clean, or you have to have a clean house here. No corruption ako diyan (over there),” he added.
This was not the first time Duterte bared his firing of government officials in public.
In March, Peter Laviña, Duterte's campaign spokesman, was sacked as administrator of the National Irrigation Administration (NIA) amid accusations he demanded commissions from contractors.
Laviña's exit was followed by Duterte's decision to remove Interior Secretary Ismael Sueno because of corruption allegations over the purchase of fire trucks from an Austrian firm.
Sueno claimed he was not corrupt and said the President could have been fed wrong information.
The President later sacked Cabinet Undersecretary Maia Chiara Halmen Reina Valdez for overruling National Food Authority Administrator Jason Aquino's decision to suspend rice importations.
In May, Duterte fired Dangerous Drugs Board Chairman Benjamin Reyes for supposedly contradicting the government's official data on drug addicts.
Recently, the President fired Sugar Regulatory Administration chief Anna Rosario Paner for hiring consultants for as much as P200,000 monthly.
Duterte won the presidency on a platform of eradicating corruption in government and ending the country's illegal drug problem.
He has repeatedly said that he would fire government officials even with just a “whiff” of corruption.
The President himself is facing an Ombudsman investigation over his and his family's wealth, but insists he did not hide his assets from the public.
Duterte this week formed an anti-corruption commission with broad powers to go after his appointees and other erring government officials.
HONG KONG Zhengzhou Coal Mining Machinery Group Co Ltd (ZMJ) (0564.HK) has teamed up with private equity firm China Renaissance Capital Investment (CRCI) to buy Robert Bosch's starters and generators business SG Holding for 545 million euros ($595 million).
ZMJ, which produces auto components and coal mining machinery, said in a statement to the Hong Kong stock exchange on Tuesday that it valued SG's technology and research capability, its customer base and established global sales network.
The deal is expected to help SG expand its footprint in China, the world's largest automotive market.
ZMJ estimated that not more than 440 million euros will be funded through internal resources of ZJM and CRCI while the remainder would be funded through external bank financing.
Robert Bosch is a multinational engineering and electronics company and controller of SG Group. CRCI manages investment funds incorporated in the Cayman Islands that invests in businesses focused on greater China.
(Corrects acronym for Zhengzhou Coal to ZMJ from ZJM.)
(Reporting by Anne Marie Roantree; editing by Susan Thomas)
When Ashton Kutcher isn't entertaining audiences, he's fighting against human trafficking — and he's got the figures to prove he's making a difference.
The 40-year-old actor's nonprofit organization, Thorn: Digital Defenders of Children, assisted law enforcement in identifying 5,894 child sex trafficking victims and rescuing 103 children from “situations where their sexual abuse was recorded and distributed” last year, according to the organization's own 2017 impact report. His ex-wife Demi Moore is a co-founder.
The nonprofit builds technology to defend children from sexual abuse. It also created a Technology Task Force — a group of more than 25 technology companies (including Google, Facebook and Microsoft) that work on software to fight child sexual exploitation.
Its data claimed that Thorn also helped disrupt 6,608 perpetrators, encouraged over 140,000 individuals seeking child sexual abuse material to get help and educated 3.5 million teens through its Stop Sextortion campaign.
RELATED: How Shay Mitchell Teamed Up with Ashton Kutcher to Fight Sexual Harassment Online
Kutcher started the organization, previously known as DNA Foundation, with Moore in 2009 to deter the sexual exploitation of children.
In March, the actor spoke with 48 Hours about his advocacy work, admitting, “I have a hard time talking about this issue without being emotional.”
“What we do at our core is we build technology to help fight sexual exploitation of children,” Kutcher explained. “You can roll up your sleeves and go try to be like a hero and go save one person, or you can build a tool that allows one person to save a lot of people.”
Ashton Kutcher Leigh Vogel/Getty
Kutcher testified in front of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in Feb. 2017, giving a 15-minute speech on modern day slavery meant to compel Congress to act to end the horrors faced by women and children around the globe.
“I'm here today to defend the right to pursue happiness. It's a simple notion: ‘the right to pursue happiness,' ” he said. “It's bestowed upon all of us by our constitution. Every citizen of this country has the right to pursue it. And I believe that it is incumbent on us as citizens of this nation, as Americans, to bestow that right upon others, upon each other, and upon the rest of the world. But the right to pursue happiness for so many is stripped away — it's raped, it's abused, it's taken by force, fraud, or coercion. It is sold for the momentary happiness of another.”
He also spoke of the criticism he's gotten from others — or as he referred to them, “trolls,” — who tell him to “stick to [his] day job.” He rebutted these critiques by saying that his work with Thorn is his day job. He then told a harrowing story about seeing a child, the same age as his daughter, Wyatt (with wife Mila Kunis), who is now 3-years-old, being raped by an adult man.
“I've seen video content of a child that's the same age as mine being raped by an American man who was a sex tourist in Cambodia, and this child was so conditioned by her environment that she thought she was engaging in play,” he said.
“I've been on the other end of a phone call from my team, asking for my help because we had received a call from the Department of Homeland Security, telling us that a 7-year-old girl was being sexually abused and that content was being spread around the dark web and she had been being abused and they'd watched her for three years, and they could not find the perpetrator, asking us for help.”
“We were the last line of defense—an actor and his foundation were the potential last line of defense. That's my day job, and I'm sticking to it.”
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
Indianapolis Colts coach Chuck Pagano says Andrew Luck is "making progress" as he continues to undergo rehab in Europe.
Pagano made the announcement Monday. He says the Colts have been in touch with Luck through email and text messages.
Luck has not played since having surgery in January on his throwing shoulder after playing the entire 2016 season with a partially torn labrum.
It looked like Luck might return after returning to practice in October. But when the pain lingered, Luck sought additional opinions and eventually Indianapolis put him on season-ending injured reserve in November.
March 30 E-Lead Electronic Co Ltd:
* Says it was ordered to pay T$166 million as compensation of infringement of Copyright Law to CUB ELECPARTS INC.
* Says it will file an appeal for the judgment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/OxV4Fr
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
NY Forecast
NY Forecast for Friday, July 6, 2018
_____
City/Town;Weather Condition;High Temp (F);Low Temp (F);Wind Direction;Wind Speed (MPH);Humidity (%);Chance of Precip. (%);UV Index
Albany;A t-storm around;90;72;S;7;65%;77%;10
Binghamton;A stray p.m. t-storm;82;67;SSW;9;79%;78%;9
Buffalo;A thunderstorm;85;68;SW;9;74%;81%;9
Central Park;Humid with some sun;88;75;SSW;3;72%;39%;11
Dansville;A p.m. t-storm;88;66;SW;7;68%;80%;9
Dunkirk;A thunderstorm;84;67;SW;7;77%;82%;9
East Hampton;Partly sunny, humid;81;73;SSW;7;88%;44%;10
Elmira;A stray p.m. t-storm;88;69;SSW;7;78%;73%;8
Farmingdale;Partly sunny, humid;84;74;SSW;10;80%;33%;11
Fort Drum;A t-storm around;88;64;SSW;10;73%;81%;10
Fulton;A stray p.m. t-storm;88;64;SSW;7;66%;80%;9
Glen Falls;A stray p.m. t-storm;88;71;SSW;8;77%;78%;10
Islip;Humid with some sun;84;74;SSW;9;79%;31%;11
Ithaca;A stray p.m. t-storm;85;66;SSW;9;78%;78%;9
Jamestown;A t-storm or two;82;61;SW;7;85%;85%;9
Massena;A t-storm around;92;69;SW;9;67%;76%;10
Montauk;Humid with some sun;81;73;SSW;5;87%;26%;10
Montgomery;Humid with some sun;90;73;SSW;7;71%;67%;10
Monticello;A t-storm around;85;70;SW;6;76%;78%;9
New York;Humid with some sun;88;75;SSW;8;72%;38%;11
New York Jfk;Clouds and sun;85;75;SSW;11;83%;36%;11
New York Lga;Clouds and sun;89;75;SSW;10;67%;38%;11
Newburgh;Partial sunshine;89;74;S;6;75%;70%;10
Niagara Falls;A morning t-storm;89;68;WSW;9;67%;81%;8
Ogdensburg;A t-storm around;91;67;SW;9;64%;78%;10
Penn (Yan);A t-storm around;86;66;SSW;8;74%;78%;7
Plattsburgh;A t-storm around;90;69;S;8;65%;76%;10
Poughkeepsie;Humid with some sun;89;71;S;6;70%;70%;10
Rochester;A t-storm around;89;69;SW;7;72%;77%;8
Rome;A stray p.m. t-storm;87;68;S;7;77%;82%;10
Saranac Lake;A t-storm around;87;64;SW;8;67%;77%;10
Shirley;Partly sunny, humid;83;74;SSW;8;82%;44%;10
Syracuse;A t-storm around;87;66;SSW;10;77%;80%;10
Watertown;A t-storm around;86;65;SSW;9;75%;74%;9
Wellsville;A stray p.m. t-storm;84;69;SW;7;73%;78%;8
Westhampton Beach;Partly sunny, humid;83;73;SSW;8;79%;44%;10
White Plains;Humid with some sun;86;73;SSW;7;74%;36%;11
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Putin says Russia's key interest rate should not be changed too sharply
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday it was important that the central bank did not change Russia's key interest rate too sharply.
LOS ANGELES — Ross Stripling struck out nine over seven strong innings, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-2 on Wednesday night.
Stripling did not even join the Dodgers' rotation until April 30 as he worked out of the bullpen for the first month of the season. His place among the Dodgers' starters seems secure now with 28 strikeouts and two earned runs allowed over his last three outings.
Stripling (3-1), who gave up a run and four hits, has won each of his last three starts and lowered his ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as he recorded his team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. His two hits moved him into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, his sixth of the season and second in two games.
Max Muncy also hit a home run for the Dodgers, his seventh, just two batters before Kemp also went deep against Eflin.
The Dodgers will send Clayton Kershaw, coming off the disabled list, to the mound Thursday as they attempt to win their fourth consecutive series. The Dodgers had not won more than two consecutive series before this current run.
Kershaw is making his first start in nearly a month after being sidelined with left biceps tendonitis.
Stripling got his chance to start after a bevy of injuries in the rotation. In addition to Kershaw, Rich Hill (blister), Hyun-Jin Ryu (groin) and Kenta Maeda (hip) are all currently on the DL.
Stripling gave up four runs over four innings in a start at Arizona on April 30, but since then he has not given up more than two earned runs in any outing. He even helped himself on offence in this game, delivering an RBI single in the fifth inning. It was just his second career RBI after also recording one in 2016.
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Sun Hydraulics Corp:
* SUN HYDRAULICS ANNOUNCES PRICING OF PUBLIC OFFERING OF COMMON STOCK
* SUN HYDRAULICS - ‍PRICING OF UNDERWRITTEN PUBLIC OFFERING WHICH HAS BEEN UPSIZED TO 4.4 MILLION SHARES OF ITS COMMON STOCK AT A PRICE TO PUBLIC OF $57.50​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
After two full days of backlash over his initial response to a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, that claimed the lives of three people, President Donald Trump gave a full-throated condemnation of the “racism” that led to “the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone.”
“Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” the president said Monday afternoon in a previously unscheduled press conference. “We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under the Constitution. Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.”
The president's comments come as he faces widespread criticism for not going far enough in his initial response to condemn white nationalists for the violence that erupted during Saturday's rally.
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence — on many sides, on many sides,” Trump said on Saturday, hours after the rally turned violent.
Before turning to the events in Charlottesville, Trump began his Monday remarks by boasting that the stock market continues to hit record highs and that unemployment is at a low since he took office. He went on to say that the Department of Justice “has opened a civil rights investigation” into the deadly car attack that killed “one innocent person and wounded 20 others.”
Trump did not acknowledge that his initial response blamed “many sides” for the violence, simply saying: “As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence.”
According to a pool report, the president declined to answer any shouted questions following his press conference, including several about whether he regretted waiting until now to denounce racism.
Until Monday's press conference, the president had stayed largely silent amid the growing backlash. On Monday morning, he took to Twitter to lash out at an African-American pharma mogul who resigned from the president's manufacturing council to protest Trump's response to the events in Charlottesville.
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!” Trump tweeted on Monday.
RELATED VIDEO: Exclusive: Natasha Stoynoff Speaks Out: ‘I Don't Want Women to Feel Afraid'
On Saturday, violence broke out at a pre-planned “Unite the Right” rally as the white supremacist protesters clashed with counter-protesters who were demonstrating against the event. A 20-year-old man identified as James Alex Fields Jr. is accused of ramming his car into a group of protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
On Monday, Trump mentioned by name Heyer and the two Virginia state troopers, Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Berke M. M. Bates, who were killed Saturday afternoon in a helicopter crash as they were responding to the rally.
“Her death fills us with grief,” Trump said of Heyer.
North Korea leader Kim Jong-un has finished reviewing a plan to fire four missiles off Guam, and has opted to wait to see what the “foolish Yankees” do next.
The comments, published in state media Tuesday, came hours after US Secretary of Defense James Mattis warned that if North Korea fired on US territory it would be “game on.”
Speaking at the Pentagon Monday, Mattis told reporters, “you don't shoot at people in this world unless you want to bear the consequences.”
Speaking Tuesday, South Korea President Moon Jae-in appeared to downplay Mattis' comments, pointing out the US would need its approval before launching any attack on North Korea.
“Military action on the Korean peninsula can only be decided by South Korea and no one else can decide to take military action without the consent of South Korea,” said Moon in televised comments.
“The government, putting everything on the line, will block war by all means,” he added.
The US and North Korea have been engaged in increasingly threatening rhetoric since last Tuesday when US bombers flew over the Korean peninsula, and US President Donald Trump threatened Pyongyang with “fire and fury” in response to an assessment that it had miniaturized a nuclear warhead.
North Korea says it needs the weapons to deter any US-led attempts at regime change, while the United States sees a rogue state with nuclear weapons as a threat to global security.
Senior Trump administration officials have said that the US is not interested in regime change, and has no desire to “inflict harm on the long-suffering North Korean people.”
President Trump is due to discuss the crisis with Japanese Prime Minister Abe in a phone call later Monday Washington time.
The next step?
Amid the heated rhetoric last week, North Korean state media said Kim had ordered senior generals to finalize a plan to fire four missiles less than 25 miles off Guam by mid-August.
Guam is home to two US military bases and is known as the “tip of the spear” when it comes to US forces in the Pacific Ocean. It's of strategic importance to the US and is the closest US territory to the Korean peninsula.
The KCNA report Tuesday said Kim had “examined the (strike) plan for a long time and discussed it with the commanding officers in real earnest.”
The statement then appears put the onus to act on Trump, saying Kim would “watch a little more the foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees.”
The report is assumed to be referring to the US joint military drills with South Korea, known as the Ulchi-Freedom Guardian, which are scheduled to start August 21.
The annual military drills antagonize North Korea, as Pyongyang believes they are preparations for an invasion. Seoul and Washington say the exercises are defensive in nature.
“If the planned fire of power demonstration is carried out as the US is going more reckless, it will be the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks,” the report said.
The US and South Korean have confirmed the drills will go ahead as planned.
Life on Guam
For residents of Guam life on the island appears to be moving ahead as normal. The idyllic beaches and ocean-front hotels are still packed with tourists.
Officials have expressed confidence that the US military and its multi-layered missile defense system that operates throughout Asia will protect them.
Mattis said Monday that Washington would be able to determine “within moments” after launch whether or not a North Korean missile was headed for US territory, including Guam. He later added that the US would “take it out” if the missile was determined to be headed for any US territory.
But he also made clear that while the military was poised to protect Guam from the North Korean military threat, a declaration of war was a decision that remains with Trump and Congress.
“War is up to the President, perhaps up to the Congress, the bottom line is we will defend the country from an attack, for us that's war, that's a wartime situation,” he said.
“We will defend the country from any attack, at any time, from any quarter. Yes, that means for a lot of young troops they're going to be in a wartime situation, welcome to reality. But it's not declaring war, it's not that I'm over here Dr. Strangelove doing things like that,” he added.
HAMILTON, New Zealand — The Canadian men's sevens squad fell 14-12 to No. 4 Argentina on Saturday in the Challenge Trophy semifinal at the New Zealand leg of the World Rugby Sevens Series.
Luke Bradley and Justin Douglas had tries for Canada, while Nathan Hirayama scored a conversion.
Bradley put Canada ahead in the fourth minute only for Luciano Gonzalez to respond a minute later for Argentina.
Maximo Provenzano gave Argentina its first lead in the seventh, while Felipe del Mestre had two conversions. Douglas scored a late try to make it close.
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump did their best to show a united front as his scandal surrounding porn star Stormy Daniels continued to brew.
The couple flew to New Hampshire together Monday afternoon to speak about the opioid crisis and walked to Marine One with their arms around each other's waists.
While speaking at the Manchester Community College in Manchester, New Hampshire, Trump, 71, shared a few nice words for his wife, 47, according to a White House pool report.
“Thank you to our First Lady, Melania, who has been so incredible. Thank you. And we are blessed to have you as our First Lady. Really are,” the president reportedly said.
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump
Melania introduced her husband at the event, but seemingly refrained from praising him in her remarks.
“Thank you to the Manchester Community College for having us today,” she said, according to the pool report. “And now, I would like to introduce my husband, President Donald Trump.”
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump at the Manchester Community College
During their return to the White House that same evening, Trump and Melania stepped off of the plane holding hands.
Their appearance together comes as Trump's lawyer threatened to sue Daniels for allegedly violating a nondisclosure agreement 20 times, according to The Washington Post.
President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump with their arms around each other heading toward Marine One
Michael Cohen, Trump's personal attorney, claimed he had the right to sue Daniels — whose real name is Stephanie Clifford — for $20 million in damages in court documents filed Friday, according to the newspaper.
The Wall Street Journal reported that Cohen arranged a $130,000 payment to Daniels a month before the 2016 election so she'd keep quiet about an alleged sexual encounter she had with Trump in July 2006 — less than four months after Trump's wife, Melania, gave birth to their son, Barron, now 11.
Cohen and the White House have denied the allegation of an affair, with a Trump official telling the Wall Street Journal in January: “These are old, recycled reports, which were published and strongly denied prior to the election.”
Cohen initially denied paying Daniels, but later admitted to it calling it a “private transaction” and said it didn't violate any campaign finance laws. A recent Wall Street Journal report said Cohen later complained to friends that he hadn't been reimbursed for the payment.
Daniels is still fighting to tell her story. The New York Times reported this month that Daniels' lawyer sent a letter to Cohen offering to return the $130,000 payment in exchange for dissolving a so-called “hush agreement.”
She is set to appear on 60 Minutes this Sunday with contributor Anderson Cooper.
By Urvashi Goenka March 30 Southeast Asian stock markets moved sideways on Thursday in thin trading in the absence of market-moving macroeconomic triggers, while Vietnam rose to its highest in more than nine years. The start of the UK's historical negotiations to leave the European Union had little impact on Southeast Asia, but MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan edged down 0.3 percent. "Brexit has been widely discussed ever since it first surfaced, but if you look at the boarder Southeast Asia market, it has a limited fundamental impact," said Taye Shim, head of research at Jakarta-based Mirae Asset Sekuritas. He added it was very unlikely that any positive data from the United States to support more interest rate hikes would make Asian investors uncomfortable since the Federal Reserve had already clarified its policy stance. "Broadly I think it's more of a mixed sentiment between profit-taking and what kind of next upside catalyst do we have," Shim said. Vietnam gained as much as 0.7 percent, touching its highest since February 2008, boosted by gains in financials and consumer staples. Philippine shares rose as much as 0.5 percent, supported by industrials and consumer discretionary stocks, with Jollibee Foods Corp and Manila Electric Co gaining as much 3.5 percent and 2.2 percent, respectively. Thai index was up as much as 0.2 percent, with materials and real estate leading the gains. Port operator Bangpakong Terminal Pcl gained as much as 14.3 percent, while CIMB Thai Bank Pcl rose 5.2 percent, and were among the top performers on the index. Singapore shares fell as much as 0.5 percent, hurt by the industrial sector, with Jardine Matheson Holdings and Jardine Cycle and Carriage Ltd falling as much as 2.7 percent and 1.3 percent, respectively. Financials and consumer discretionary sectors accounted for most of the losses on the Malaysian index, dragging it down as much as 0.2 percent. Resort operator Genting Malaysia Bhd fell as much as 2.3 percent, while Malayan Banking Bhd fell 0.9 percent. Indonesian shares fell as much as 0.4 percent, retreating from a record high hit in the previous session, hurt by consumer discretionary stocks. An index of the 45 most liquid stocks fell 0.7 percent. "For Indonesia, the next big catalyst would be the fourth-quarter, full-year earnings," said Shim. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: CHANGE AT 0455 Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3173.94 3184.57 -0.33 Bangkok 1576.06 1574.97 0.07 Manila 7333.15 7324 0.12 Jakarta 5563.556 5592.51 -0.52 Kuala Lumpur 1746.93 1750.41 -0.20 Ho Chi Minh 725.3 720.47 0.67 Change this year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3173.94 2880.76 10.18 Bangkok 1576.06 1542.94 2.15 Manila 7333.15 6840.64 7.20 Jakarta 5563.556 5296.711 5.04 Kuala Lumpur 1746.93 1641.73 6.41 Ho Chi Minh 725.3 664.87 9.08 (Reporting by Urvashi Goenka in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Sindhu Chandrasekaran; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
FILE – In this Nov. 11, 2016, file photo, Conor McGregor stands on a scale during the weigh-in event for his fight against Eddie Alvarez in UFC 205 mixed martial arts at Madison Square Garden in New York. Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday, June 14, 2017, he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26. Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
Nobody truly knows whether Floyd Mayweather's boxing match with Conor McGregor will turn out to be a unique spectacle or an overhyped debacle.
The only certainty is that the next 2½ months of hype will be a masterpiece of fight promotion from two of the best ever to play that game.
Mayweather and McGregor revealed their plan Wednesday to fight Aug. 26 in Las Vegas . In an appropriate move for a fight that grew into reality after two years of verbal jousting and several months of social-media skewering, the two titans of their respective sports confirmed the news on their Instagram accounts.
And in another preview of what everyone should expect during their summer of promotion, McGregor's post included his photo opposite Floyd Mayweather Sr., the boxer's 64-year-old father, with a straight-faced caption: “THE FIGHT IS ON.”
Few athletes in recent sports history have sold their sports better than the imperious Mayweather and the loquacious McGregor.
FILE – In this Sept. 12, 2014, file photo, Floyd Mayweather Jr. poses on the scale during a weigh in for a fight against Marcos Maidana in Las Vegas. Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday, June 14, 2017, he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26. Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. (AP Photo/John Locher, File)
Both fighters have spent years crafting outlandish public personae characterized by a few common themes: cartoonish arrogance, a fetishistic obsession with money and an eagerness to make reckless pronouncements about their opponents, their opponents' fans — and, increasingly, each other.
They'll use those gifts to ratchet up the hype during a hot summer culminating in their desert showdown. Along the way, they might even sell the skeptical portion of the public on a fight that — as even its promoters acknowledge — could turn out to be a colossal mismatch.
Mayweather apparently learned about McGregor's verbal skills even before his fighting acumen, according to Mayweather adviser Leonard Ellerbe.
McGregor rapidly rose from obscurity to multi-division UFC dominance only because he coupled his mixed martial arts skills with attention-grabbing soundbites.
“This kid, he's been making a lot of noise,” Ellerbe said Wednesday, recalling the reason that he first introduced Mayweather to video of McGregor's punching power.
Mayweather and McGregor have traded innumerable shots online and through the media while this fight evolved from a preposterous barroom fantasy discussion into a real thing.
McGregor even talked about it back in 2015, when he told Esquire that he would “kill (Mayweather) in less than 30 seconds” and affirmed his interest in the bout while appearing on Conan O'Brien's talk show.
McGregor ignited the hype in May 2016 by posting a mock-up of a fight poster on Twitter. Mayweather responded three weeks later with his own less polished version of a poster , and the unbeaten champion claimed he had started the rumors of a McGregor bout.
With little to lose and immeasurable wealth and fame to gain, McGregor used his public platform in promoting his UFC bouts last year to take repeated jabs at the 40-year-old Mayweather's age, declining skills and unwillingness to end his retirement.
McGregor turns 29 next month, making him decidedly middle-aged in pro sports, yet he takes humorous delight in painting himself as a raw youngster going against a grizzled old-timer .
As recently as December, Ellerbe said a Mayweather-McGregor fight would never happen because the UFC's top brass wouldn't allow it. UFC President Dana White also acknowledges he was once lukewarm about the possibility, believing Mayweather wouldn't risk his legacy.
And then in January, McGregor posted a cartoon on Instagram in which he stood over a flattened Mayweather, holding both fighters' championship belts aloft. As a bonus, McGregor's caption read: “Call me CJ Watson!” in a biting reference to the former NBA guard who had a relationship with Josie Harris, the mother of Mayweather's children.
Mayweather replied eight days later with an Instagram post of an infographic comparing the fighters' net worth. In the caption, Mayweather instructed McGregor: “Before you ask for $25 million, be worth more than $25 million.”
Vegas sports books introduced a betting line on the bout in February.
Mayweather had clearly warmed to the idea of fighting McGregor by March, when he told fans in Britain that he would come out of his latest retirement to take on the challenge. That same month, McGregor showed up in a fur coat at fellow Irishman Michael Conlan's boxing debut at Madison Square Garden and harangued the assembled media with a rant punctuated by his latest catchphrase: “I am boxing!”
After posting a video on April 20 in which he shadowboxed and insulted Mayweather's courage, McGregor took a brief break from his social media pursuit of Mayweather after his first son was born in May .
Mayweather went back to his usual retirement métier: Posting photos of himself surrounded by the trappings of outlandish wealth .
And then the megafight was on , after remarkably simple negotiations among the UFC, Mayweather Promotions and Showtime.
A national press tour is expected to kick off soon. Mayweather and McGregor will spend the summer showing off their promotional gifts for a fight that started as a social media argument — and became the main event of the year.
Latney had read a 2016 article in the Journal of Avian Medicine and Surgery that chronicled one of the very few success stories: It involved a macaw that lived for 2 ½ years after the amputation of a leg. (The animal died of an unrelated problem.) So Latney knew that surviving was certainly possible, although a large bird's ability to thrive with such a handicap was uncertain. And if cases of large birds living with one leg are scarce, examples of them successfully adapting to a prosthesis are even rarer, she said.
Nevertheless, Latney decided that Pete's intelligence and his composed, mature personality made him a good candidate for a prosthesis. Resting his stump on a prosthesis for even a few hours a day would be beneficial to the long-term health of his remaining leg and foot. And his beak was already showing signs of wear because he was using it to steady himself by grabbing the bars of his cage.
"When Dr. Latney suggested they would like to give [a prosthesis] a try - we were all in," Spalding, 57, said.
Latney turned to Jonathan Wood, a staff veterinarian in neurology and neurosurgery, who had experience using 3-D-printed models for teaching and planning surgeries. Wood, in turn, brought in the University of Pennsylvania School of Design's Fabrication Lab to make the prosthesis.
It hasn't been an easy fix. Spalding and Gehringer have left Pete in Latney's care at Penn Vet for a few days at a time so she and Wood can figure out what works best for the bird.
The first prototype resembled a bird's foot, but it couldn't support Pete's weight. Later models, made from extruded polymer resin, were based on designs that were more stable and functional, and they looked more like a boot. The next challenge was to figure out how to securely and comfortably keep the prosthesis attached to Pete's stump.
Latney had a lightbulb idea that required a needle, thread and a trip to Home Depot. She attached a magnet to a piece of foam that she put inside the prosthesis, and she sewed another magnet to a soft fabric sleeve or harness - they call it a "flight suit" - that she created to cover Pete's stump. The question was how Pete would handle the contraption.
At a recent appointment, Latney kissed Pete on the top of his head and massaged the stump of his leg to release any tension before she began putting the flight suit on him. As Pete briefly flapped his wings and fussed, a vet tech stepped in to hold him while Latney adjusted the harness.
"Everything I'm doing is because he's letting me," she said.
Ultimately, Pete put his weight on the prosthesis, stood that way for more than an hour and even tried to take a step with it. The magnets and sleeve didn't hold together when the bird moved the boot, but Latney considered it a win.
"Pete is onboard with the idea of it, and that's the biggest hurdle," she told Gehringer and Spalding.
The couple said Pete's bond with Latney is nearly as impressive as the bird's progress.
"The way Dr. Latney handles Pete is absolutely amazing. No fear, [just] respect - and my sense is that's reciprocated from Pete's perspective," said Spalding, who typically communicates with Pete through whistles and other noises, but not when the bird is with Latney. During those appointments, Spalding said, he lets Pete focus on the fitting.
The right solution for Pete might take a few more months to perfect. While Pete goes back home with Spalding and Gehringer, Latney and Wood will be fine-tuning the prosthesis and attachment system, and also creating a second prosthetic that the bird might use to walk.
"He's making big strides quite quickly," Latney said. "All of this makes me very happy."
The Washington Post
March 31 Ralph Lauren Corp:
* Ralph Lauren Corp - on March 31, 2017, co entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Ralph Lauren, effective as of April 2, 2017
* Ralph Lauren Corp- new employment agreement has a term that ends on April 2, 2022,replaces Lauren's current employment agreement, dated June 26, 2012
* Ralph Lauren - under new employment agreement, Lauren will continue to serve as chief creative officer of co, executive chairman of board - sec filing
* Ralph Lauren Corp says Ralph Lauren annual base salary will continue to be $1.75 million
* Ralph Lauren Corp says Ralph Lauren will continue to have a target bonus opportunity in amount of $6 million for each fiscal year Source text (bit.ly/2oiT0Ta) Further company coverage:
SHANGHAI, April 28 CITIC Securities Co Ltd , China's biggest brokerage, reported on Friday a 40.2 percent rise in first-quarter net profit to 2.3 billion yuan ($333.63 million) due to net interest income and fair value gains.
The subdued markets last year meant brokerages' net profits sank, leaving bankers anticipating job cuts and large cuts in bonuses.
In 2016 CITIC posted its lowest annual profit in three years and plans to cut the operating costs of its international arm CLSA by 25 percent to 30 percent.
Brokerages will be relying on bond issues, IPOs as well as mergers and acquisitions to buoy their profits this year, according to analysts. ($1 = 6.8938 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Engen Tham and Matthew Miller; Editing by Stephen Coates)
FRIEDRICHSHAFEN, Germany, March 30 The auto supplier industry will see further megamergers in the wake of ZF's acquisition of TRW and Intel's acquisition of Mobileye, ZF Chief Executive Stefan Sommer said on Thursday.
The complexity of self-driving cars is forcing high tech software and semiconductor companies to team up with auto suppliers and manufacturers, a dynamic that is likely to spur more takeovers and acquisitions going forward, ZF's CEO said.
"If you look at all of these megamergers, they have a clear deal rationale. As this is the case, and we still have companies that collaborate, and could still collaborate, I am expecting more megamergers," Sommer told journalists gathered at the company's annual results press conference in Friedrichshafen, Germany on Thursday. (Reporting by Edward Taylor; Editing by Harro ten Wolde)
There's something all three of Kate Middleton‘s royal baby debuts have in common (and it's not just that she looked impeccable mere hours after giving birth). It's that she chose to wear the same dress designer for each hospital departure outfit.
Every time Kate and Prince William stepped out of the Lindo Wing at St. Mary's Hospital in London to introduce their newborns to the world, she has sported a Jenny Packham dress.
On Monday she stepped out with her third child, a boy, wearing a red dress from the British designer featuring a white Peter Pan collar (there are still similar styles available here) which paid tribute to the similar design Princess Diana wore when introducing Prince Harry.
Shutterstock (2); Getty
Kate also chose Jenny Packham during Princess Charlotte's reveal wearing a yellow floral-print frock in 2015 and in 2013 she chose a baby blue polka dot number to debut Prince George to the public (also in tribute to Princess Diana's outfit when she presented William to the world in 1982).
So why does she keep returning to the British fashion designer? For one, the designs are all stylish with comfortable silhouettes and flowy fabrics, a must for someone who has just given birth. All three dresses also showed off a hint of Kate's post-baby bump, something she's never shied away from after birth.
RELATED: See the New Royal Baby Prince from Every Angle!
Plus, baby reveals aren't the only time Kate pulls out her Jenny Packham pieces. She also turns to the British designer for many public outings, including for her first post-pregnancy event after the birth of Prince George in 2013 when she lefts jaws on the red carpet in a sparkly sequin gown.
She's worn Jenny Packham to her first state banquet, an Olympic concert, film premieres and royal tours in Japan and India. But one of the most memorable Packham moments is the forest green gown she keeps in her closet and has already worn for three separate occasions!
Can't get enough of PEOPLE's Royals coverage? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest updates on Kate Middleton, Meghan Markle and more!
Most recently, she wore the designer this year to the BAFTAs wearing a deep green cap-sleeve gown, with empire waistline to accentuate her baby bump.
Kate Middleton Maternity Style Trend Recap: Non-Maternity Pieces, Jewel Tones, and Recycled Outfits!
In an interview with WWD in 2014, Packham said she usually refrains from discussing her celebrity clients, but she does work directly with Middleton. “It's always quite a collaboration,” Packham shared.
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks fell in volatile trading while the dollar pared losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected interest rate hike and announced it would begin cutting its huge holdings of bonds this year.
April 10Zhejiang Jingsheng Mechanical & Electrical Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 110 percent to 140 percent, or to be 53.9 million yuan to 61.7 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (25.7 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/gkopbI
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Ohio representative denied recent accusations that he knowingly ignored alleged sexual abuse at Ohio State University while he was an assistant wrestling coach in the 1990s.
Tuesday night, Jordan denied the allegations in an interview saying, “it's not true.”
“I never knew about any type of abuse. If I did, I would have done something about it. And look, if there are people who are abused, then that's terrible, and we want justice to happen.”
Jordan worked as an assistant wrestling coach for the Buckeyes from 1987-1995 and has been accused by several former Ohio State wrestlers of lying about his knowledge related to alleged sexual misconduct by former wrestling team physician Dr. Richard Strauss.
Strauss, who served as the Ohio State wrestling team's doctor from the mid-1970s to the late 1990s, died in 2005.
Ohio State's investigation into Strauss began on April 5. and has now expanded beyond the university's wrestling team, including determining whether anyone at Ohio State knew about the allegations and should have reported them.
Jordan was elected to the House of Representatives in 2006.
He is the co-founder of the House Freedom Caucus and could have been a top candidate to replace a retiring Paul Ryan, as House Speaker.
However, it is unclear how this scandal will affect his candidacy for the position.
The post Conservative Rep. Jim Jordan denies he ignored alleged sex abuse appeared first on 850 WFTL.
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN, Wisconsin, June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
A combination picture shows the locked door of neighbourhood mosques in Kashgar, Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, China, March 23 to 24, 2017. Many smaller neighbourhood mosques have been closed by the authorities in favour of larger more centralised places of worship, locals and an analyst said. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
An ethnic Uighur woman stands in the door of a bakery in the old town of Kashgar, Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, China, March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
The locked door of a neighbourhood mosque is seen in Kashgar, Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, China, March 23, 2017. Many smaller neighbourhood mosques have been closed by the authorities in favour of larger more centralised places of worship, locals and an analyst said. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
The locked door of a neighbourhood mosque is seen in Kashgar, Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, China, March 23, 2017. Many smaller neighbourhood mosques have been closed by the authorities in favour of larger more centralised places of worship, locals and an analyst said. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
KASHGAR/HOTAN, China Three times a day, alarms ring out through the streets of China's ancient Silk Road city of Kashgar, and shopkeepers rush out of their stores swinging government-issued wooden clubs.
In mandatory anti-terror drills conducted under police supervision and witnessed by Reuters on a recent visit, they fight off imaginary knife-wielding assailants. Armoured paramilitary and police vehicles circle with sirens blaring.
China says it faces a serious threat from Islamist extremists in this far Western Xinjiang region. Beijing accuses separatists among the Muslim Uighur ethnic minority there of stirring up tensions with the ethnic Han Chinese majority and plotting attacks elsewhere in China.
A historic trading post, Kashgar is also central to China's One Belt, One Road (OBOR) Initiative, President Xi Jinping's signature foreign and economic policy involving massive infrastructure spending linking China to Asia, the Middle East and beyond.
China's worst fears are that a large-scale attack would blight this year's diplomatic setpiece, an OBOR summit attended by world leaders planned for Beijing in May.
State media say the drills, and other measures such as a network of thousands of new street-corner police posts, are aimed making everyone feel safer.
But many residents say the drills are just part of an oppressive security operation that has been ramped up in Kashgar and other cities in Xinjiang's Uighur heartland in recent months.
As well as taking part in drills, shopkeepers must, at their own expense, install password-activated security doors, "panic buttons" and cameras that film not just the street outside but also inside their stores, sending a direct video feed to police.
For Uighurs like the owner of an online multimedia company facing one of Kashgar's main streets it is not about security, but mass surveillance.
"We have no privacy," said the business owner who, like almost everyone Reuters spoke to in Kashgar, did not want to give his name. "They want to see what you're up to."
A Chinese security source, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters the new security measures in Xinjiang were not politically motivated, but based on fresh developments and intelligence. He declined to elaborate.
The Xinjiang government and the State Council Information Office, which doubles as the Communist Party spokesman's office, did not respond to requests for comment.
China routinely denies pursuing repressive policies in Xinjiang, and points to the vast sums it spends on economic development in the resource-rich region. Xinjiang's gross domestic product last year rose 7.6 per cent, above the national average.
RELIGIOUS RE-EDUCATION
Since ethnic riots in the regional capital Urumqi in 2009, Xinjiang has been plagued by bouts of deadly violence.
The incidence of attacks reported in state media have actually declined markedly, both in frequency and scale, since a spate of bombings and mass stabbings in Xinjiang and southwestern Yunnan Province in 2014.
But Chinese state media say the threat remains high and the Communist Party has vowed to continue what it terms its own "war on terror" against spreading Islamist extremism.
In Xinjiang, this can also be seen at weekly flag-raising ceremonies that Uighurs, a Turkic-speaking people who formed the majority in Xinjiang before an influx of Han Chinese, are required to attend to denounce religious extremism and pledge fealty under the Chinese flag.
At one such event witnessed by Reuters in Hotan, a former Silk Road oasis town 500 km (300 miles) southeast of Kashgar, more than 1,000 people filed onto an open-air basketball court where Party officials checked their names against an attendance list and inspected their dress and appearance.
"Best you take this off or I'll send you to re-education," said one female official, pulling back the black hijab worn by a middle-aged Uighur woman to expose her forehead and hair.
Hotan authorities offer 2,000 yuan ($290) rewards for those who report "face coverings and robes, youth with long beards, or other popular religious customs that have been radicalized", as part of a wider incentive system that rewards actionable intelligence on imminent attacks.
Xinjiang lawmakers this week approved legislation extending a prohibition on "abnormal" beards and the wearing of veils in public places across the whole region. The new rules come into force on Saturday.
This month a video purportedly released by the Islamic State group showed Uighur fighters training in Iraq and vowing that blood would "flow in rivers" in China.
"GRID-STYLE" SURVEILLANCE
The architect of the anti-terror drills and other new measures in Xinjiang is Chen Quanguo, appointed Communist Party boss in the region in August in what analysts said was an implicit endorsement of his hard-line management of ethnic strife in neighbouring Tibet.
Chen has made his mark swiftly, culminating last month in what state media described as mass "anti-terror" rallies across Xinjiang's four largest cities involving tens of thousands of paramilitary troops and police.
One of Chen's most visible initiatives has been to build thousands of what the authorities call "convenience police stations" across Xinjiang and hire some 30,000 new officers to man them.
They are present on almost every intersection in Kashgar, typically just hundreds of metres apart, in what Chen calls a "grid-style social management" system he pioneered in Tibet.
Local state media have praised the initiative as a new benchmark in community-based policing. Critics, including Uighur and rights groups, say the real purpose of the convenience police stations is to spy on the population.
Citizens are encouraged to use the stations to charge their mobile phones, have a cup of tea or shelter from the elements.
"I don't know anyone who has been in there," said one Han Chinese taxi driver, who only wanted to be identified by his surname Huang, suggesting few have taken up on the offer to huddle beside the riot police and soldiers that occupy the stations.
But Huang, reflecting the region's simmering ethnic tensions, added that the increased security made him feel safer.
"Some people think it's too much, that it's just a few Uighurs," he said. "But if they chop your family, then you'll know."
ECONOMY OR SECURITY?
James Leibold, an expert on Chinese ethnic policy at La Trobe University in Melbourne, said the focus on security runs counter to Beijing's goal of using the OBOR initiative to boost Xinjiang's economy and improve its integration with the rest of China, because it would disrupt the flow of people and ideas.
"Those two are just fundamentally at odds," he said.
Spending on security in Xinjiang is rising, jumping nearly 20 percent in 2016 to more than 30 billion yuan ($4.35 billion), according to state media.
That can be seen in the metal detectors and airport-style security checks in place at major public areas, including Kashgar's ancient Id Kah mosque, bazaars, malls and hotels.
Police spot document checks are carried out on pedestrians, with mobile phones inspected for extremist videos or use of banned chat applications like Telegram, WhatsApp and Twitter. Mobile internet speeds have been slowed from 4G to 3G.
"There's maybe 5,000 people making trouble, but the rest of us, 10 million of us, pay the price," one Uighur man in Kashgar told Reuters.
Reuters was tailed closely by local police in Kashgar. A reporter returning to his hotel at 1 a.m. found officers waiting in the lobby.
When asked about the reason for the security one of the officers said Kashgar's preparations for OBOR were of paramount importance.
"When you see military and police vehicles patrolling the street in your country, what do you think it's for?" he said. "It's for safety. Kashgar will be a hub for travel. Everything must be good."
(For a graphic on China's Xinjiang crackdown, click tmsnrt.rs/2nQrQm4)
(Reporting by Philip Wen; Editing by Alex Richardson)
April 6 PPG Industries Inc:
* PPG acquires remaining interest in IVC joint venture in Asia
* PPG Industries Inc - financial terms were not disclosed.
* PPG Industries Inc- additionally, all joint-venture employees, of whom there are fewer than 10, will become PPG employees
* PPG Industries-purchased remaining 50 percent ownership interest in Asian JV comprising IVC SDN BHD and IVC-operations PTE from JV partner, Omni-Plus System PTE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Employee hurt in explosion at Missouri pyrotechnics company
PLEASANT HOPE, Mo. (AP) — An employee was seriously injured after an explosion inside a Missouri pyrotechnics company.
KSPR-TV reports that firefighters responded Tuesday to a call at the AM Pyrotechnics plant, a wholesale retailer that provides pyrotechnics for big fireworks shows.
Fire Protection District Fire Chief Jake Agee says they received a report of a loud explosion in the area. When they arrived, multiple explosions started inside the building. Firefighters say several workers had left the building before the fire but that one person was still inside.
Agee says the woman was extracted from the building with serious injuries and flown to a hospital.
He said, "Now we're just kind of working to keep everybody back and keep everything safe."
Agee says several fire departments responded to the blaze that is now under investigation.
BRIEF-Italian bad loan manager doBank says filed for Milan bourse listing
* Shares to be offered in IPO will be sold by 97.81 percent shareholder Avio, which is indirectly controlled by Fortress Investment Group and Eurocastle Investment Limited Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Norbord Inc:
* NORBORD REPORTS RECORD 2017 EARNINGS; DECLARES QUARTERLY DIVIDEND
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.41
* “DEMAND IN ALL OUR CORE MARKETS REMAINS STRONG”
* IN NORTH AMERICA, EXPECT NEW HOME CONSTRUCTION ACTIVITY AND OTHER OSB END USES TO SUPPORT FURTHER DEMAND GROWTH
* ‍ FUNDAMENTALS IN KEY MARKETS REMAIN FAVOURABLE AND LOOK FORWARD TO FURTHER GROWTH FROM ALL SEGMENTS OF BUSINESS​
* REPORTED Q4 AND FULL-YEAR 2017 INCOME TAX EXPENSE INCLUDES NON-RECURRING $35 MILLION NET RECOVERY
* EUROPEAN BUSINESS IS “POISED FOR IMPROVED EARNINGS” NEXT YEAR AS OSB SUBSTITUTION FOR PLYWOOD DRIVES ACCELERATED DEMAND GROWTH
* ‍ PRODUCTION FROM EXPANDED INVERNESS MILL WILL NOT INCREASE MARKEDLY FROM 2017​
* NORBORD‘S 2018 CAPITAL EXPENDITURE BUDGET IS $175 MILLION FOR PROJECTS
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $1.26, REVENUE VIEW $617.7 MILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* ‍ BELIEVE WILL SEE FURTHER PRICE MOMENTUM IN 2018 IN RELATION TO EXPANDED INVERNESS MILL​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
(Adds details, background, byline)
By Aaron Ross
DAKAR, Dec 10 (Reuters) - The Congolese lower house of parliament has adopted a new mining code that will increase taxes and royalties, two members of parliament and an aide to the speaker said.
The code had originally been proposed in 2015, but was shelved because of fierce objections from mining companies, which complained that it would put off investment. It now goes to the Senate for another vote.
Two lawmakers, Alain Lubamba and Juvenal Munubo, and Adam Chalwe, an aide to parliament speaker Aubin Minakund, confirmed the bill's passage late on Friday, saying only relatively minor changes had been made.
Congo is Africa's largest copper producer, a significant gold miner and one of the world's leading sources of cobalt, increasingly sought after for use in electric car batteries.
The government suspended consideration of the revised code in March 2016 because companies had objected that its increased royalties and would make their projects unprofitable at current low commodity prices.
In the earlier version of the bill, Copper royalties increase to 3.5 percent from 2 percent. Gold royalties go up to 3.5 percent from 2.5 percent. It was not clear whether or not these had changed.
Major investors in Congo's mining sector include Glencore , Randgold Resources and China Molybdenum .
Low commodity prices since 2015 have left the government desperately short of cash and caused the franc currency to collapse. Mining and oil accounts for about 95 percent of export revenues.
Lubamba said changes to the bill included an increase of the state's minimum unpaid share of new mining projects from 5 percent to 10 percent and an amendment that, for large-scale mines, a Congolese investor must also hold at least 10 percent of shares. (Writing by Tim Cocks; Editing by Toby Chopra)
NEW YORK BlackRock Inc (BLK.N), the world's largest asset manager, on Wednesday said Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO.O) Chief Executive Chuck Robbins has been nominated to serve on its board of directors.
Robbins will join the board as an independent director, if elected by shareholders, following BlackRock's May 25 annual meeting, the company said in a statement.
He brings technology expertise to a company trying to steer an industry that is being remade both by technology and investors' move to lower-cost products such as index funds.
Murry Gerber, an existing BlackRock board member and former chief executive of EQT Corp (EQT.N), will become the lead independent director, according to a person familiar with the matter.
Former PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC.N) Chief Executive Thomas O'Brien, who had been the lead independent director, will not stand for reelection. Nor will former Merrill Lynch & Co Chief Executive David Komansky.
PNC is a major BlackRock shareholder and its current chief executive, William Demchak, sits on BlackRock's board.
BlackRock CEO Larry Fink has placed an unusual emphasis on highly sophisticated technology for a company in his industry, for instance promoting Aladdin, an operating system for money managers that the company maintains, licenses to its rivals and also uses itself.
Fink, who is also chairman of the company's board, is also attempting to reengineer the company's funds by relying more on computers and data-mining to pick stocks.
Other asset managers are taking notice, investing in engineering talent and in "robo-advice" tools that manage investors' money automatically. T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW.O) said on Wednesday it would open a new Technology Development Center in New York.
"Throughout his career, Chuck has helped global corporations navigate a world being reshaped by technological advancement," Fink said in a statement.
"At BlackRock, technology is rapidly transforming how we invest, measure risk, distribute our products, and run our operations."
BlackRock managed $5 trillion at the end of 2016.
Robbins is a veteran at the network equipment maker, a totem of the dotcom stock boom at the turn of this century. He took over from longtime Chief Executive John Chambers in 2015.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Chris Reese and James Dalgleish)
April 5 Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd
* Says co considering proposal for assets monetization
* Says proceeds for asset monetization can be used for debt reduction Source text - (bit.ly/2nINyp1) Further company coverage:
This Saturday 7th October will see almost 4,000 runners, joggers and walkers descend on the City of The Tribes for the annual Run Galway Bay which starts and finishes at Nimmo's Pier, the Claddagh Galway. The event which has gone from strength to strength has been sold out for weeks with participants coming from all over the world for this fast, flat and fun route along the stunning shores of Galway Bay.
Making History
For the first time ever on Irish soil, a team of Irish Cross country skiers will complete the marathon on roller skies. The four athletes will travel from Waterford, USA, Sweden and Norway. The team most notably includes Ireland's Thomas Maloney Westgaard, the 22 year old with Galway heritage is favoured to represent Ireland in the Winter Olympic Games in Pyeong Chang in South Korea in February 2018.
A team of over 850 people will participate in memory and honour of Manuela Riedo who was tragically murdered in Galway 10 years ago. The sea of green will take to the start line at 10:45am on Saturday with the aim of raising €100,000 for a variety of projects across the country. The event will mark the 10th anniversary and final event of the Manuela Riedo Foundation. Manuela's parents have travelled from Switzerland and we are honoured to have them at the event to present the finisher medals to the team.
Run Galway Bay' has a reputation for being a friendly and fun race in a superb location so it's no surprise that two major Corporate brands have selected Run Galway Bay as their race of choice this year for their staff team building day. Eir will have 260 participants from across Ireland participating and Crown Paints with their International parent company Hempel will also have over 200 participants from across the world arriving to enjoy all that Galway City and Run Galway Bay have to offer.
Also participating in the event are a team of 40 staff from TG4 including their Director General Alan Esslemon. TG4 are marking their 21st year in business by raising funds for Cancer Care West who are also the official partner to the event with €5 from every general entry being donated to the charity.
International event with local influence
Speaking about the popularity of the event Race Director Ray O'Connor said, ‘We are delighted with the response to this year's race, it's been sold out for weeks and is growing year on year with many of the participants returning to Galway to chase a PB (Personal Best time). With 18 nations represented this year Run Galway Bay will have an international feel but will retain that unique Galway & Irish influence. We are delighted to continue to increase the female participation at Run Galway Bay, this year 55% of the starters are female, a trend that has continued to rise steadily in recent years. I'm looking forward to a superb day on Saturday and hoping that the weather gods deliver race perfect conditions.'
The day of running gets underway at 8:30am with the full marathon, the 10k will start at 10:30am and half marathon at 12:15pm. Roads will be closed Westbound only from 8am -2:30pm along the race route of Grattan Rd and Salthill Prom for the duration of the event.
With such a large entry into this year's event participants and spectators are advised to arrive early to the race start line at Nimmos Pier. The winner of the Marathon and 10K are expected by 11:05 am with the winner of the Half Marathon expected by 1:20pm. For more information on the event go to www.rungalwaybay.com
GARFIELD, N.J. -- (UPDATE) Authorities said they were still working late Tuesday to identify the next of kin of a young boy who was struck and killed by a box truck in Garfield while riding a bicycle earlier in the day.
Police Capt. Darren Sucorowski said the "tragedy in our community" occurred at 1:17 p.m. on Lanza Avenue near Pleasant Avenue.
Garfield police were investigating, assisted by the Bergen County Prosecutor's Office and the Bergen County Sheriff's Office, whose Bureau of Criminal Identification collected evidence, he said.
Meanwhile, Schools Supt. Nicholas Perrapato "advised me that he will begin making arrangements to provide for grief counselors to be on hand tomorrow [Wednesday] morning for our school children," Sucorowski said.
"I would like all of the media to consider the privacy of our young victim, the grieving family and friends, the driver and the people of the neighborhood where this tragedy occurred," the captain said. "Our thoughts and prayers are with all of them.
"We would ask that anyone who may have been in the area of Lanza and Pleasant Avenue at the time of this accident and may be able to provide even the smallest amount of information, please contact Lt. Michael Marsh of the Garfield Police Department Operations Division at (973) 478-8500, ext. 4154 .
"This investigation is in its early stages and there can be no further information given at this time," Sucorowski said.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
April 5 BNP Paribas SA on Wednesday named chief executives for its wealth management businesses in Asia Pacific, Switzerland and emerging markets as well as Luxembourg & international Europe markets.
The French bank named Pierre Vrielinck CEO of its wealth management business in the Asia Pacific region. Vrielinck will replace Mignonne Cheng, who will continue as chairman.
The bank also named Hubert Musseau CEO of its wealth management business in Switzerland and emerging markets. BNP Paribas appointed Francois Dacquin as CEO of Luxembourg and international Europe market.
Dacquin joined the bank in 1993 and moved to the wealth management division in 2001. Musseau joined the division in 2005.
All the appointments will be effective from April 5. (Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru)
PLUS: Marcia Clark says the O.J. Simpson murder case “will never stop being painful”
Come back every weekday at 8:30 a.m. EST to watch People Now streaming live from the Meredith offices in New York City, and rebroadcast at 11:30 a.m. EST. Get the absolute latest in celebrity news, real-life people stories & the best of fashion and food.
Want even more? Watch clips from yesterday's People Now.
April 12 Australian shares edged lower on Wednesday, snapping three straight sessions of gains, due to a sell-off in some telecom companies and rising geopolitical risks in the Middle East and Asia.
The S&P/ASX 200 index slipped 0.2 percent, or 11.874 points, to 5,917.4 by 0250 GMT. The benchmark closed 0.3 percent up on Tuesday.
Shares of Telstra Corp dropped as much as 8.6 percent to its lowest level since 2012, after rival TPG Telecom Ltd won an auction for mobile phone airspace that will pave the way for the firm to bring services to 80 percent of the population.
Telstra was not allowed to bid in the government auction because of its dominant market position. TPG stocks were suspended ahead of the announcement and will not resume trading until April 18.
"Those that want to take up (TPG's) offer are not able to hedge themselves in TPG as the stock is still suspended," said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets.
"So another way to get into the offer would be to sell off another major telecom stock. Part of the pressure on Telstra today is coming from investors lightening up in the sector."
Telecom services provider Vocus Group Ltd also plummeted as much as 5.9 percent to more than a three-year low.
"There isn't a direct correlation between the stocks but rather elements of a proxy hedge in selling Telstra and Vocus," McCarthy added.
Healthcare stocks were another drag, with CSL Ltd losing over 1 percent and Mayne Pharma Group Ltd dropping to almost a three-week low.
Stocks were also under pressure from rising geopolitical tensions over U.S. relations with Russia and North Korea, sending investors to safer assets. Gold hit a five-month high.
St. Barbara Ltd extended gains for an eighth straight session, hitting a six-month high. Newcrest Mining Ltd and Evolution Mining Ltd rose 2 percent and 1.3 percent, respectively.
Financials were largely subdued with two of the "Big Four" banks flat. ANZ edged up 0.5 percent and Westpac Banking slipped 0.3 percent.
"If we look at the financial sector, it's somewhat below its previous high mark. There's an element of 'catch up' that we're seeing from the banks today with regards to their support to the index," said McCarthy.
In New Zealand, the benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index was down 0.1 percent, or 4.38 points, to 7,250 points, touching a one-week low.
Materials and industrials led the losses.
The country's largest building firm Fletcher Building Ltd was the biggest loser, falling nearly 2 percent. For more individual stocks activity click on (Reporting by Christina Martin in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Ambar Warrick; Editing by Randy Fabi)
The Easter bunny was generous this year!
Tons of celebrity families turned out on social media over the weekend to share their best Easter Sunday photos, posing as a group and snapping adorable moments of their little ones on the hunt for eggs.
“Happy Easter! Love, The Lacheys 💗🐰#LacheyPartyOf5,” Vanessa Lachey captioned a photo of herself, Nick Lachey and their kids Phoenix Robert, 3 months, Brooklyn Elisabeth, 2, and Camden John, 4½.
Cash Warren took a bit of a different approach, sharing a photo of his 5½-year-old daughter Haven Garner with wife Jessica Alba looking for eggs, “Here's visual proof that I'm a parent who cheats to get their kid ahead. Whatever.” (A shadow of Warren's hand can be seen pointing in the direction Haven is wandering!)
From the cute and traditional to the downright hilarious, scroll down to see some of our favorite celebrity-family social media moments from Easter 2017.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED VIDEO: Tina Lawson Shares Sweet Easter Post With Daughter Beyoncé & Kelly Rowland
Happy Easter! Love, The Lacheys 💗🐰#LacheyPartyOf5 A post shared by Vanessa Lachey (@vanessalachey) on Apr 16, 2017 at 7:29pm PDT
Happy Easter from Batel Lu! Her bunny best friend is from @petittresor A post shared by Jenna Jameson (@jennacantlose) on Apr 16, 2017 at 10:48am PDT
Happy Easter! 🐣 A post shared by Holly Madison (@hollymadison) on Apr 16, 2017 at 11:56am PDT
Happy Easter to all of you and your loved ones. #easter @giadavegas and @cromwellvegas A post shared by Nick Carter (@nickcarter) on Apr 16, 2017 at 12:40pm PDT
Here's visual proof that I'm a parent who cheats to get their kid ahead. Whatever. A post shared by Cash Warren (@cash_warren) on Apr 16, 2017 at 4:53pm PDT
Easter family pic and Asher's giving us 'blue steel' 😙💙 A post shared by Desiree (Hartsock) Siegfried (@desireesiegfried) on Apr 16, 2017 at 3:51pm PDT
Happy Easter from our home to yours. #HeIsRisen 🙌🏻⛪️🌞🐣🐰🌷💞 A post shared by Hillary Scott (@hillaryscottla) on Apr 16, 2017 at 11:52am PDT
Pretty pumped on the #easterbunny 🐰🌸💕 #happyeaster #cousins A post shared by haylieduff (@haylieduff) on Apr 16, 2017 at 9:52am PDT
Happy Easter 🐰🐣 A post shared by Alyssa Milano (@milano_alyssa) on Apr 16, 2017 at 2:00pm PDT
Happy Easter! 🐰🐰This was the best we could get out of them. Bubby on his way to nakedness as always and all Viv can focus on is getting her eggs all open she got from church 😂🐰 A post shared by Jessie James Decker (@jessiejamesdecker) on Apr 16, 2017 at 10:07am PDT
Happy Easter from me and my sugar crazed little bunny. 😂 A post shared by Busy Philipps (@busyphilipps) on Apr 16, 2017 at 2:14pm PDT
Happy Easter 🐰🐰🐰#grateful #tribeof5 😇 A post shared by Molly Sims (@mollybsims) on Apr 16, 2017 at 2:17pm PDT
Happy Easter!! ❤ A post shared by D A P H N E O Z (@daphneoz) on Apr 16, 2017 at 8:05pm PDT
Happy Easter from the Chatham family! I hope all of you had a special day with family and friends. We had a blast! Check out my insta-story for all of our fun! 🐰 🐣 XO Wes, Jenn, Nash & Rhett A post shared by Jenn Brown | TV Host (@jennbrowntv) on Apr 16, 2017 at 7:43pm PDT
Easter Bunny came! A post shared by Jenn Brown | TV Host (@jennbrowntv) on Apr 16, 2017 at 8:42am PDT
Bunnies everywhere! A post shared by Jenn Brown | TV Host (@jennbrowntv) on Apr 16, 2017 at 9:02am PDT
Easter with #demkids #moments #rocandroe #easter #family 🐣🐥🌈🦋🐰💖 @nickcannon A post shared by Mariah Carey (@mariahcarey) on Apr 15, 2017 at 3:48pm PDT
🐰 H A P P Y E A S T E R 🐰 A post shared by @odetteannable on Apr 16, 2017 at 7:17pm PDT
@adoravillegas on Easter with mom @rachelereillyvillegas and dad at 👵 & 👴 's. Don't eat the 🍳. 😂 A post shared by Brendon Villegas (@brendonvbb12) on Apr 17, 2017 at 8:59am PDT
#HappyEaster #joy #gratitude #love 🐰🙏🏼💗 A post shared by Courtney Hansen (@courtney_hansen) on Apr 16, 2017 at 6:18pm PDT
I think the egg hunt was a hit. 🐣 Happy Easter from Georgia James! A post shared by Christine Lakin (@yolakin) on Apr 16, 2017 at 6:03pm PDT
Happy Easter. A post shared by Halle Berry (@halleberry) on Apr 16, 2017 at 10:05am PDT
Happy Easter 🐣🐇🐰 A post shared by Denise Richards (@deniserichards) on Apr 16, 2017 at 4:42pm PDT
Family Easter pic photo bombed by my horse Bellaco! Hope all those celebrating are having as gorgeous and joyful an Easter as the Kelley clan! #thoseheavenlydays #badlandsranch #happyeaster 🐰🌷❤️ A post shared by Katherine Heigl (@katherineheigl) on Apr 16, 2017 at 4:10pm PDT
A post shared by Kelly Rowland (@kellyrowland) on Apr 16, 2017 at 3:35pm PDT
A beautiful Sunday mass to celebrate our Lords resurrection! A post shared by Ali landry (@alilandry) on Apr 16, 2017 at 3:28pm PDT
Happy Easter from our family to yours! #happyeaster A post shared by Beverley Mitchell (@beverleymitchell) on Apr 16, 2017 at 3:05pm PDT
Happy Easter from the Lowes! A post shared by Sean Lowe (@seanloweksu) on Apr 16, 2017 at 10:45am PDT
Happy Easter!!! 🐇 hope you find the golden egg! 💛🐣🌷#Easter A post shared by Ali Sweeney (@alisweeney) on Apr 16, 2017 at 1:25pm PDT
Happy Easter Sunday everyone! #babyChmerkovskiy ⚓️ #tfutfutfu A post shared by @maksimc on Apr 16, 2017 at 1:29pm PDT
Happy Easter from my family to yours A post shared by Justin Moore (@justincolemoore) on Apr 16, 2017 at 12:41pm PDT
Happy Easter, from my family! #heisrisen A post shared by tameramowrytwo (@tameramowrytwo) on Apr 16, 2017 at 3:25pm PDT
That's a Happy Easter A post shared by P!NK (@pink) on Apr 16, 2017 at 7:38am PDT
Want some candy? A post shared by Wiz Khalifa (@wizkhalifa) on Apr 16, 2017 at 6:14pm PDT
Easter 2018 will pose quite the challenge for these families to top this year's moments. Maybe there will be some newborn babies dressed like chicks inside “eggs”? You never know.
Two of the Duggar sons are taking Counting On audiences behind the scenes to showcase what wasn't seen on Jinger Vuolo's wedding day!
In a clip from the TLC reality series, Jackson and Justin's home video footage was recorded and edited together to give viewers a glimpse into the celebratory day from the siblings' perspective.
“Why are there so many buttons?” Jakckson records his sister Jennifer asking the camera as she watches Jinger have her wedding gown buttoned up ahead of the ceremony. “Jinger's dress is humongous. ”
On Nov. 5, Jinger tied the knot with former pro soccer player Jeremy Vuolo in front of nearly 1,000 guests at the Cathedral of the Ozarks at John Brown University in Siloam Springs.
Before the ceremony, Justin and Jackson both record cousin Michael — who tossed soccer ball confetti down the aisle as a nod to Jeremy's past days playing the sport — about being the ring bearer.
“Are you happy to be in the wedding?” Justin asks Michael, who says “yes.”
Asked if he would want to get married someday, Michael sweetly shrugs that he isn't sure; but if he does get married in the future, he says it would be in a different chapel because “It's very small.”
“And then you've gotta pick 100 bridesmaids and 100 groomsmaids,” Michael adorably explains.
Jackson also interviewed Jessa (Duggar) Seewald on Jinger's big day, and she revealed that she learned something new ahead of the ceremony,
“I am very excited to be the matron of honor. I didn't know that's what I was until somebody told me. I thought I was a maid of honor, but no, I'm a matron of honor because I'm married,” says Jessa.”So, that's exciting.”
FROM COINAGE: 9 Healthy Kitchen Staples That Cost Less Than $1 Per Serving
Jessa also tells her younger brother that three of the sisters “get to fluff the train because it's massive. So me, Jana and Jill are all doing it together.”
Finally, Jackson captured the bride-to-be ahead of her nuptials.
“Super excited,” Jinger tells him of how she's feeling in the moment. “Can't believe it. It's amazing, Jackson.”
Tune-in to new episodes of Counting On which begin airing this summer on TLC.
BRASILIA May 2 The Brazilian government on Tuesday called the plan for a constituent assembly announced by the president of neighboring Venezuela a "coup" to change the country's political rules to his liking.
"President Nicholas Maduro's proposal for a constituent assembly is a coup d'état. It is another break with democracy, violating the country's constitution," Brazilian Foreign Minister Aloysio Nunes said in a statement posted on Facebook.
Nunes said social organizations controlled by Maduro would elect the constituents and draw up a constitution "as he wants it." (Reporting by Anthony Boadle; Editing by Peter Cooney)
New York has $525K available for tree-planting projects
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — New York state has $525,000 in grants available for tree-planting projects.
The Trees for Tributaries Program is designed to support streamside tree- or shrub-planting projects. The goal of the state Department of Environmental Conservation program is to improve wildlife habitats, water quality and storm resiliency.
Grants from $11,000 to $100,000 will be distributed to municipalities, academic institutions and not-for-profits.
Applications are due by Sept. 7.
"He comes off as very laid-back and he is, but he's also constantly thinking, and he notices ev-ery-thing," said Crawford, 51. "He always has his finger on the pulse of what the next cool thing is going to be."
Not that you can tell from his California drawl, but Rande Gerber was born in Queens and grew up on the south shore of Long Island.
Scouted by Ford Models on the streets of Manhattan when he was 16, he alternated between classes at the University of Arizona, where he studied television production, and flying internationally for shoots with quintessential '80s brands like Sassoon and Benetton.
In those vintage modelling shots, Gerber epitomized the male beauty ideals of the era: a blow-dried beefcake, lounging on the range in double denim, or sweatlessly working out in scoop-cut tank tops.
His life-changing break came after college, after he had retired from modelling and was brokering commercial real estate in Manhattan as an agent for Edward S. Gordon in the early 1990s. One of his clients, hotelier Ian Schrager, asked him to find a bar tenant for the Paramount Hotel in Times Square, which would become one of the prototypes of the designer boutique hotel.
After passing on several options, Schrager proposed an unusual idea. "One day he said to me, 'Why don't you just do it yourself?'" Gerber said.
The Whiskey opened in 1991 and was an instant hit, drawing celebrities and offering a sophisticated alternative to the throbbing mega-clubs of the time, with its Philippe Starck design, high-priced cocktails, mood lighting and ambient music.
"Rande had a graciousness about him, and he was graceful as a person," Schrager said. "He was a bright, articulate guy, sociable, likable. And, running a bar — it's not rocket science. I thought he could do it."
Gerber replicated the formula (which he described as "candlelit; the right incense burning, the right music playing") for a string of Schrager's other hotels, including the Morgans Hotel on Madison Avenue and the Mondrian in Los Angeles.
His hospitality company, the Gerber Group, which he operated in partnership with his brothers, Scott and Kenny, would open 37 bars and restaurants in 17 cities, including a network of Whiskey spinoffs with W Hotels, as well as a mini-chain of cafés inside Emporio Armani stores.
The sleek esthetic of low-slung sofas, clever design and mellow electronica music would soon become a '90s cultural cliché, replicated by many budget imitators with "Wayne's World" thrift-store couches and fire-hazard candelabra right out of "The Phantom of the Opera."
Also on fire during this period: Gerber and Crawford. The two met in 1991 at the wedding of Michael Gruber, Crawford's agent at the time and a childhood friend of Gerber's. "She was dating Richard," Gerber said, referring to Richard Gere, Crawford's former husband.
They stayed in touch over the phone and reconnected in Los Angeles in 1995, a few months after Crawford and Gere got divorced. "They split up and we connected," Gerber said. The couple married in 1998.
Also in their social orbit was Clooney, who patronized Gerber's bars and was also a client of Gruber's. Clooney and Gerber would go on to build neighbouring beach houses in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
That's also how the tequila got started, at least according to the official Casamigos story: It was a fluke created by two buddies who enjoyed drinking tequila in their "house of friends." (Michael Meldman, the developer for their beach houses, later joined as the third partner.)
(
Slowly, their "hobby" took off, and paid off handsomely when Diageo decided it want in. The deal to buy Casamigos included $700 million in cash, plus as much as another $300 million depending on sales.
Gerber plans to funnel some of those riches into a startup incubator, based in the Malibu celebrity hang pad that serves as his office. He rattled off some of the pitches he has received in his new role as a venture capitalist: "different app ideas, a coffee company, a milk delivery company."
"There are a lot of good ideas, some crazy ideas, and some that are not so good," he said.
Schrager said of his former protégé: "He's a model for 'hard work pays off.' He was a kid from Queens, and he went on to marry a beautiful woman and have a beautiful family and great success. And it's always nice when a nice guy does good."
In the Gerber household, Sunday night home-baked pizza is a family tradition, as is jumping into the pool whenever one of the brood comes home from a far-flung assignment.
But such homey get-togethers are becoming harder to organize now that family members have their own work schedules and their own teams of publicists, stylists, managers and other gatekeepers whose job is to control and monetize their very lucrative time.
"Those kids have every reason in the world to be screwed up," said Clooney, who has known them since birth. "They're beautiful kids, and they were born into fame and wealth. But Cindy and Rande were very aware of raising kids in Malibu and how that can go horribly wrong. So they've been really hands-on parents."
The Gerbers can sound a little corny, and that's because they are. Nothing confounds a celebrity profile like a happy family. They are four golden figures that, even viewed up close, seem to be constantly dissolving into a Malibu sunset.
New York Times News Service
John Cena and Nikki Bella may have called it quits after six years together, but that doesn't mean he's out of her life forever.
Nikki Bella's twin sister Brie told PEOPLE that her family is still in contact with Cena nearly two weeks after the split announcement.
“We've already exchanged like 5 text messages,” she said while discussing the importance of children's vaccinations in celebration of World Immunization Week, co-hosted by Rotary International and Red Nose Day. “I will always love John as a brother, and I will always look at him like that.”
Cena, 40, and Nikki, 34, announced the end of their engagement on April 15, a year after he proposed during WrestleMania 33. The couple was scheduled to marry on May 5.
Slaven Vlasic/Getty
And while Brie is focusing on supporting her sister, she doesn't want to turn her back on Cena, either.
“If one day our relationship fades than so it does, but as of right now I want to be there for him as much as I'm there for my sister. And Nicole respects that,” she said. “He will always be family.”
“It's like losing a family member,” she added of the breakup. “It's really hard. John has been a part of our lives for six years.”
RELATED VIDEO: Why Nikki Bella Broke Off Her Engagement to John Cena: She ‘Doesn't Need a Pity Husband'
Their relationship — as well as their differing stances on marriage and kids — have been documented on the hit E! reality shows Total Divas and Total Bellas. Brie says the upcoming season of Total Bellas will delve deep into the factors of the split.
“You'll see a lot of very intimate conversations and a lot of where my sister is at today and the decision she made,” sshe said. “I just applaud John and Nicole for that because it takes a lot of courage.”
Nikki made her first public appearance without her engagement ring over the weekend at the Nirvana Food and Wine Festival in Arizona, where the twins hosted a rosé tasting party in partnership with their wine line, Belle Radici.
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
Shoppers walk past the entrance to the Lemon Grove shopping mall in Sydney, Australia, August 11, 2017, site of a shopfront company at the heart of one of Australia's biggest money laundering scandals.
SYDNEY (Reuters) - In a run-down mall in one of Sydney's biggest Chinese neighborhoods in 2015, 29-year-old Jizhang Lu showed up at the top-floor offices of a meat export company carrying a carrier bag stuffed with hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash.
According to police documents filed in court and reviewed by Reuters, Lu said he made the trip to the shopfront of CC&B International Pty Ltd eight times over three weeks. Each time a CC&B employee would hand him a receipt showing a different company had bought tens of thousands of kilograms of meat.
The cash - as much as A$530,200 ($416,840) at a time - was then deposited at a Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) (CBA.AX) branch, according to the police statement of facts agreed by Lu.
But the apparent purchases were fake, and last year Lu was jailed for two years after pleading guilty to helping launder A$3.2 million of what police allege were proceeds from an unidentified international drug syndicate.
The court records reviewed by Reuters did not name Lu's lawyer. Lu could not immediately be contacted directly because he was in custody.
The police case against Lu is now one of several being cited by financial intelligence agency AUSTRAC in its statement of claim against CBA, the largest civil court action of its kind in Australian corporate history.
AUSTRAC has accused CBA of "serious and systemic" breaches of money-laundering and counter-terrorism financing rules, alleging the country's second biggest mortgage lender failed to detect suspicious transactions nearly 54,000 times. It faces fines potentially amounting to billions of dollars.
CBA has said it will fight the AUSTRAC lawsuit, saying it would never deliberately undertake action that enables any form of crime. CBA said a coding error with new automated teller machines was behind most of the breaches but that it recognized there were "other serious allegations" in AUSTRAC's claim were unrelated to that software problem. It declined to comment specifically about the police case against Lu.
PROCEEDS OF CRIME
AUSTRAC's lawsuit against CBA asserts that, in total, A$17.7 million was deposited at the bank from February to August 2015 on behalf of a company identified in the earlier criminal case as CC&B.
"These funds were the proceeds of a drug importation syndicate and were proceeds of crime, within the meaning of the Criminal Code Act," AUSTRAC's statement of claim says, referring to CC&B only as Company 1.
Lu was identified in AUSTRAC's statement of claim against CBA, which also specified the time and length of Lu's sentence. A subsequent Reuters search of the criminal case against Lu produced the police "facts sheet" which provided further detail of his operation, including the name of CC&B.
The records of Lu's criminal case, provided to Reuters by a communications officer for the court which convicted Lu, showed that he pleaded guilty.
A call to the phone number listed on CC&B's website went unanswered. A Reuters visit to the address where Lu said he dropped off bags of money, at Lemon Grove shopping center, showed no sign of CC&B - other than a mention in an old store guide for shoppers.
Calls over two days to Lemon Grove also went unanswered.
Australian company filings showed CC&B's corporate address as "Sunnyside Accountants". A woman who answered the phone at that firm said CC&B was a former client but that she could give no further information because the organizations had parted ways. Sunnyside hasn't been named in AUSTRAC's suit.
"CAN YOU HELP?"
Lu, a Chinese national on a business visa, described himself as a "net engineer", according to the police document filed in court. He had no involvement in the meat export industry and earned 60,000 yuan ($9,000) a year in his home country, he told police.
Lu said he met another Chinese man while grocery shopping in the Sydney suburb of Chatswood, where CC&B was based.
"After some chatting, he says, 'can you help me do this please?'," Lu told police, according to the document.
Lu agreed to help "because the man asked him", the police statement said, without elaborating.
He told police he didn't understand the receipts because they were written in English.
Australia's Joint Organised Crime Group charged two CC&B employees with dealing in criminal proceeds about the same time as Lu, in August 2015.
The Australian Federal Police could not immediately provide an update on the two CC&B employees identified as being charged.
The police statement said a third CC&B person, company director Ka Chun Leung, was a "potential co-accused" but has left the country. Efforts by Reuters to contact Ka were unsuccessful.
For a graphic on accusations against CBA, tmsnrt.rs/2w03qvi
BRIEF-Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
"It would be a huge accomplishment to win here in front of my home crowd," Watson said. "What a dream that would be, my dad was in the military so now we've got the name of the tournament. It just would mean a lot for my family to honour my late dad."
It's the first tournament for Mickelson since the U.S. Open, when he intentionally violated golf rules by hitting a moving ball on the 13th green in the third round. He later apologized, saying his anger and frustration got the best of him.
The West Virginia stop could see a change when the PGA Tour reveals its full schedule this month for the next FedEx Cup season. The tournament at Sam Snead's former playground in White Sulphur Springs is under contract through 2021.
Watson, for one, wouldn't mind seeing a schedule change. From a business standpoint, he said the Fourth of July holiday always is a hectic time at The Greenbrier, so moving the tournament to later in the year, especially with the area's spectacular fall foliage on display, would give the resort yet another busy week.
"I've always thought that the fall would be great," he said.
Up for grabs this week are four spots in the British Open at Carnoustie starting July 19. Those will go to players not already exempt among the top 12 finishers in West Virginia.
All past winners are in the field. So is Abraham Ancer, who was tied for the lead entering the final round of last week's Quicken Loans National. He finished tied for fourth.
Nineteen-year-old Norman Xiong is playing in his first tournament as a professional. He won the Haskins Award as the nation's top college golfer during his sophomore year at Oregon, earning him an exemption at The Greenbrier.
"It's pretty low-key here, so my mind's pretty settled and I'm just trying to prepare the best I can for the upcoming week," Xiong said. "It's a different stage. It's kind of a new beginning. I don't know too many guys out here. Hopefully soon I can make some friends."
By John Raby, The Associated Press
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Car and truckmaker Daimler on Friday said it was open to consider a broader alliance and a partial listing of its mobility services operations, which include car sharing.
Speaking to analysts, Chief Executive Dieter Zetsche, who is also head of Mercedes-Benz Cars, said he was open to combining his company's mobility services, Car2Go, with that of a rival.
“To the extent that it would be more successful in a partnership, we would consider that”, Zetsche said.
Daimler wants to expand its mobility services which includes the Moovel, MyTaxi and Car2Go business and may tap shareholders to fund the expansion, Chief Financial Officer Bodo Uebber said on Friday.
“We do not exclude that we go for external funding”, Uebber said.
BMW and Daimler are discussing a broader car-sharing and driverless taxi alliance, a source told Reuters last week.
Uebber on Friday declined to comment on the prospects of a combination with BMW's DriveNow mobility services unit.
(Adds Eskom's spokesperson quotes)
JOHANNESBURG, April 9 South Africa's tender for the estimated 1 trillion-rand ($72 billion) expansion of its nuclear power plants will begin in June when state utility Eskom requests proposals from companies bidding for the project, City Press newspaper reported on Sunday.
South Africa, which has Africa's only nuclear power station, wants nuclear power to play the leading role in expanded power generation, easing the country's reliance on an ageing fleet of coal-fired plants. It has asked Eskom to procure an additional 9,600 megawatts (MW) of capacity.
Rebutting the report, National Treasury head of communication Yolisa Tyantsi said a meeting or presentation with Eskom on March 28 "was not on the state of readiness to procure" more nuclear power.
"National Treasury is not in a position to publicly disclose the discussions," she said.
The City Press reported that an internal Eskom document indicates that the country's nuclear programme will get underway.
According to the document, Eskom will issue requests for proposals in June, set the deadline for bids in September and for evaluation in December. The winning bidder will be decided in March 2018, the newspaper said, and the contract will be signed between December 2018 and March 2019.
Eskom's spokesperson Khulu Phasiwe said "nothing at this stage has been decided on, those dates were suggestive dates."
"If everything goes well, we will issue a request for proposals around June," said Phasiwe, adding that the national treasury, department of energy and the department of public enterprises still have to make their own findings.
In February, 27 companies showed preliminary interest in the country's plans to build more nuclear reactors after Eskom in December asked them to provide information on nuclear power costs and financing options. Companies have until April 28 to provide their information.
"I don't see it starting to happen in June. There are steps that need to happen and there is a determination that treasury has to make about affordability, and we are not near that right now," said National Treasury spokesperson Mayihlome Tshwete.
Critics of the plan have raised questions about environmental risks and costs.
"The undeniable fact is that South Africa cannot afford, and does not need, the nuclear deal," Natasha Mazzone, the opposition Democratic Alliance's shadow minister of public enterprises, said in a statement.
"Indeed, international ratings agencies agree and this deal has been repeatedly cited as a cause for great concern and a key factor in downgrades not only for Eskom, but the country as a whole."
Fitch on Friday followed S&P Global Ratings and downgraded South Africa to "junk", citing among other factors differences over the country's nuclear programme, along with President Jacob Zuma's decision to sack Pravin Gordhan as finance minister . ($1 = 13.7525 rand) (Reporting by Nqobile Dludla,; Editing by Larry King and Stephen Powell)
RENO, Nev. (AP) — Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in Southern California to cook “black people food” — not “white people food” — at her rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing her of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told him fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West “safaris” on ATVs at her Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges he was fired in 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. He says Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles west of the Utah line.
Among other things, he says Pickens, who is white, instructed him to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one she referred to as her “bull” or “ox” and another who had “too much personality.” He says she told him they didn't “look like people we have working at the country club” and didn't “fit the image” of the staff she wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of her comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks “reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity,” they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. She dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' nonprofit, Save America's Mustangs.
“It takes a lot to prove these allegations,” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “black people food.”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, she said.
“The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense,” Lane argued in earlier court documents. “This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for ‘black people food' rather than a racial anima against ‘black people' or ‘black people food.'”
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees “not fitting in” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before she hired him for a 5-month stint in Nevada.
“In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like ‘they do not fit the image,'” Williams said in court documents. He added the use of the words “ox” and “bull” implies ownership of property, given “America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners.”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs.”
“Indeed, Appling does not allege that he ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the ‘N-word,'” she wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the “plain meaning of words” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animas.”
“If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect his work environment,” the judge said.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New Zealand concede their analysis of the Sydney Cricket Ground was woefully askew, helping Australia romp to victory in the Twenty20 international tri-series opener.
Expecting a decent batting track which might aid the spinners, the Black Caps were pleased when asked to bat first.
Their mood swiftly turned to horror as towering paceman Billy Stanlake (3-15) struck three times early and they limped to 117-9.
The hosts overcame a poor start of their own, reaching a rain reduced target of 96-3 with 21 balls to spare.
Veteran batsman Ross Taylor admits they simply didn't read the two-paced nature of the track, which made timing difficult, particularly from the ballooning slower deliveries.
"We pride ourselves on assessing the conditions and today we weren't able to do that," he said.
"Clearly there was a little bit in the wicket in those first few overs.
"We weren't able to soak that up and put a competitive score on the board. Every time we lost a wicket we had to try and hold back and take it as deep as possible."
Taylor believes 140 might have stretched the hosts but reaching that score was unfeasible after openers Colin Munro and Martin Guptill fell to the pace of Stanlake and skipper Kane
Williamson exited for a painful eight runs off 21 balls.
Taylor also struggled for timing with his 24, leaving it up to Colin de Grandhomme (38 not out off 24 balls) to provide the only clean hitting.
The allrounder's three sixes all travelled high into the SCG stands, continuing his brutal summer of batting.
Taylor admired the batting of Chris Lynn (44 off 33) and Glenn Maxwell (40no off 24) after Australia were reduced to 10-2.
"They were able to get boundaries. There were a lot of dot balls in between but they were able to release the pressure every now and then."
In-form spinners Mitchell Santner and Ish Sodhi didn't have the desired effect, leaving New Zealand with plenty to ponder ahead of a 10-day break.
Australia face England twice in the next two tri-series matches before the Black Caps host the English in Wellington and Hamilton, bisected by a clash with Australia in Auckland.
LONDON Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) has taken out adverts in British Sunday newspapers stressing a zero-tolerance policy on tax evasion, as the Swiss bank tries to limit any damage to its reputation from raids on three of its offices.
Zurich-based Credit Suisse was pulled into an international tax evasion and money laundering investigation on Thursday when coordinated searches were carried out on its London, Paris and Amsterdam offices.
The ads, which appeared in the Sunday Times, Sunday Telegraph and Observer, stated they were a "response to recent reports about tax probes in various European countries".
Among seven bullet points, Credit Suisse said it "wishes to conduct business with clients that have paid their taxes" and the bank would "continue to work closely with the local authorities in all matters and particularly in this new case".
The raids reopened the thorny issue of tax evasion which has dogged Swiss banks for years as wealthy individuals around the world have used the country's strict bank secrecy laws to hide cash from the tax man.
Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second-biggest bank, in 2014 pleaded guilty and was fined $2.6 billion (2 billion pounds) by U.S. authorities over charges it helped wealthy Americans evade taxes. It has also settled tax dodging cases in Italy and Germany.
(Reporting by Paul Sandle; Writing by Joshua Franklin in Zurich; Editing by Mark Potter)
Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei signs for women at the Islamic Art Museum in Doha, Qatar, April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Tom Finn
Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei takes a selfie with women at the Islamic Art Museum in Doha, Qatar, April 11, 2017. Picture taken April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Tom Finn
DOHA Chinese artist Ai Weiwei called on wealthy Gulf Arab states to take in more Syrians displaced by six years of civil war, saying the surge of refugees fleeing conflict in the Middle East was a "test for humanity".
Ai, often described as China's most high-profile artist and dissident, has won acclaim for artwork highlighting the plight of Middle East refugees fleeing in boats to Europe.
Last year Ai wrapped the giant columns of the Berlin Konzerthaus with 14,000 life jackets brought from the Greek island of Lesbos on whose beaches over a million migrants have entered the European Union.
He has visited camps in Greece, Turkey, Lebanon and Jordan to film a documentary about the refugee crisis.
Speaking after a talk in Doha on Tuesday night at Qatar's Museum of Islamic Art (MIA), Ai said a Gulf Arab policy of not granting Syrians and Iraqis refugee status was short-sighted.
"Many Gulf states refuse refugees. I don't think that's an intelligent act because many refugees even have the same religious background to them and talk the same language," Ai said speaking in the ziggurat-style museum's vast marble lobby.
"I think this only shows very short-sighted politics ... like you're refusing to help out your brothers or your relatives," he said.
Civilians fleeing Syria's nearby war have found scant refuge in the Arab world's richest countries despite several being backers of combatants in Syria's conflict, including Qatar.
Gulf monarchies say they have in fact taken in hundreds of thousands of Syrian citizens since the civil war there began in 2011, including half a million in Saudi Arabia and 100,000 in the United Arab Emirates - just not as refugees.
Like the rest of the expatriates that form a majority in many Gulf States, Syrians have been admitted mainly as temporary guest workers, which generally means they must have jobs lined up before they arrive, or as their family dependants.
Gulf states also say the criticism also overlooks the billions donated to Syrian refugee camps abroad, as well as the delicate demographics of countries where expatriate workers are as numerous as locals or outnumber them.
Ai said the six Gulf Cooperation Council states - Saudi Arabia, Oman, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Bahrain and Qatar - should sign the U.N. convention on refugees which has governed international law on asylum since World War Two.
"(Signing the convention) is not just to help but to testify that a state can understand what humanity is about," he said.
"Because this is really a test of our humanity and willingness to defend those integrities of human life. It doesn't matter how rich you can be or how self-protected - if we cannot meet this challenge I think the future is very dark."
(Reporting by Tom Finn; Editing by Toby Chopra)
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
While being one of the most famous people in the world might seem like a pretty cushy job with the private jets, massive estates, millions of dollars in the bank, and access to all of the finer things in life, it also comes with its share of burdens and responsibilities. For example, the fact that privacy and anonymity become little more than a fond, distant memory and you can pretty much guarantee there won't be a single moment of your existence that will go undocumented by the constant presence of paparazzi. Which means you also always have to look totally picture perfect, from your outfit, to your makeup and hair, and even your nails. A lesson Kris Jenner apparently tried to instill in her two youngest daughters Kendall and Kylie early, obliging them to get manicures every single week.
Over the weekend, Kendall made her first public appearance post-Pepsi controversy at where else but all celebrities' favorite three-day-long bohemian desert bacchanal, Coachella. The model was there to co-host a party with her sister Kylie on behalf of dating app Bumble, set in the midst of a faux winter wonderland, complete with snow, ice bars, and igloos. While there, the sisters did an interview with Elle in which they took over the writer's dating profile, dishing out some sage selfie advice, and, in the end, providing some interesting insights into their own very particular beauty habits.
From Coinage: The Real Cost of Going to Coachella
RELATED PHOTOS: Sister, Sister! Kendall and Kylie's 18 Cutest Moments of All Time
Towards the end of the interview, founder of Fashionista Faran Krentcil compliments Kylie's nails, which have become as much of a personal signature as her infamous pout, asking the question on everyone's mind, “How do you deal with the length?” to which Kendall quickly adds, “I ask her that all the time.”
fresh paint job 🙌🏼 A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Apr 12, 2017 at 4:16pm PDT
Kylie kind of answers her question, explaining that, “Part of it is making sure they're done correctly. I get them done once a week, which isn't normal.” Especially not for the more budget conscious amongst us, but Kendall adds it's actually relatively normal for two people who were raised to do precisely that. “My mom would make us do it,” the model explains, “She would have a nail artist come to the house once a week and she would make us get our nails done. She was like, ‘You are never going to look like you're not put together.' So we were always getting them done. Now I only do them on [a photo shoot] set, to be honest. But Kylie—” Her sister jumps in, “I took her advice!” So the next time you get your acrylic nails sharpened into talons, remember to thank Kris for her stringent beauty regimen rules.
How often do you get your nails done? Are you as fanatical about it as Kris or more laid back like Kendall? Sound off below!
Soon after he arrived in the White House, Trump signed an executive order to enforce the so-called global gag rule, which forbids organizations receiving U.S. funding from providing access to the procedure — or even mentioning it.
The W7 summit coincides with the first in-person meeting of the G7 gender equality advisory council, which includes such high-profile members as Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai, Christine Lagarde, the head of the International Monetary Fund, and billionaire philanthropist Melinda Gates.
It remains unclear how many of the members will be coming to Ottawa, but the event includes a panel discussion with Trudeau on Thursday.
The goal of the advisory council, which will be developing its preliminary recommendations for what they would like to see Trudeau champion around the G7 table, is to make sure gender equality — as well as gender-based analysis — is considered throughout what Canada brings to the summit.
Farrah Khan, an anti-sexual violence educator and advocate who is a member of the G7 advisory council, said the council will spend their time together hammering out their preliminary recommendations, which will go to Trudeau and Status of Women Minister Maryam Monsef for review.
Khan said the timeline is tight, but she sees the endeavour as the beginning of something that will last beyond the meeting in June.
"I think no matter the time that we are given or the space that we're given, I think we are going to take up that space and more and ensure that this (has) a ripple effect," said Khan, the manager of the office of sexual violence support and education at Ryerson University in Toronto.
She also said it is important to remember that a government-organized advisory council is neither the beginning nor the end of the work that each of its members — and the feminist movement in general — has been doing to champion the rights of women and girls around the world.
"This is only one part of the push," she said. "Social movements aren't built by the state."
— Follow @smithjoanna on Twitter
By Joanna Smith, The Canadian Press
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa said on Friday he told President Jacob Zuma that he disagreed with his decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
"I told the President so, that I would not agree with him on his reasoning to remove the minister of finance," Ramaphosa told reporters. (Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg; Writing by Ed Stoddard; Editing by Joe Brock)
Police in Houston arrested a 31-year-old mother Sunday night, alleging she locked herself and her three daughters inside her burning car while saying, “You're going to see Jesus.”
Charging documents obtained by PEOPLE state Ana Ester Segovia faces three counts of aggravated assault of a family member.
Segovia has not entered pleas to the charges, as she remains in the hospital, where she's receiving treatment for burns.
According to the charging documents, Segovia was seen earlier that day at church with her three daughters, whose ages are not mentioned in the documents.
Hours later, outside a car wash, Segovia allegedly revved her engine until it caught fire, and then trying to prevent her three girls from escaping the blaze by locking the car's doors and grabbing the oldest girl's hair as she attempted to flee.
According to Houston media reports, more than 20 people were at the car wash at the time, including its owner, Gerardo Cortez, who spoke to KHOU.
Houston Police Department
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
“She wouldn't let them out of the car,” Cortez told the station. “The older girl tried to escape, but the mother got her back in the car. The second time, she was able to escape and get her younger sisters out, too.”
Part of the incident was caught by nearby surveillance cameras.
Several of the witnesses came to the girls' aid, according to KHOU. It was at that point that Segovia allegedly tried running away with the girls.
But, the station reports, police arrived as she was fleeing, and took her into custody.
None of the children were physically harmed.
It was unclear Tuesday if Segovia had an attorney who could comment on her behalf.
PEOPLE's attempts to reach her family members and friends who spoke to local media were unsuccessful Tuesday morning.
Reuters in a report quoted government sources as saying that the Saudi government had ordered ministries and organizations to review the projects to either scrap or make them more efficient.
The report added that most of the projects that had been targeted were those that had been devised during lavish government spending buoyed by crude oil prices above $100 per barrel.
However, they would no longer be cost-efficient with oil at below $55 per barrel.
Riyadh's Bureau of Capital and Operational Spending Rationalization is now assessing the projects that are under 25 percent complete, the sources told Reuters.
"Some projects could be retendered so they can be executed in partnership with the private sector, possibly through build-operate-transfer (BOT) contracts," one source familiar with the plan told the agency.
"Other projects could be suspended if they do not meet the current economic objectives," the source said.
The finances of Saudi Arabia, the world's second largest crude producer after Russia and largest oil exporter, have been hit by a downturn in oil prices that were above $100 a barrel in 2014, but start to plunge to well below $40 in 2016.
The plunge in global oil prices prompted Riyadh to rein in public spending in a bid to save money. The kingdom's economic measures are being led by Salman's son, Deputy Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman Al Saud.
Earlier last year, the Riyadh regime cancelled financial perks for public sector employees and slashed salaries of ministers and members of the Consultative Assembly of Saudi Arabia, also known as the Shura Council.
It further froze major building projects and made unprecedented cuts to fuel and utilities subsidies.
FILE PHOTO - Chickens are seen at a poultry farm on the outskirt of Hefei, Anhui province, China November 20, 2015. REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo
GENEVA China lost the bulk of a legal challenge against European Union poultry tariff quotas on Tuesday, when a World Trade Organization dispute panel upheld only two small parts of its complaint, both regarding food containing processed duck.
China went to the WTO in 2015 to contest the EU's decision to change its poultry import quotas in 2006 and 2009. In both cases it did not consult China, regarding it as too small a supplier to the EU market, and allocated most of the quotas to Brazil and Thailand.
The WTO panel said China's exports of the duck products had been artificially reduced by health concerns until July 2008, which the EU should have taken into account. But it rejected 13 other Chinese arguments.
In a statement posted on the website of China's Ministry of Commerce late on Tuesday, the ministry welcomed the decision on its duck products but said it regretted the panel's rejection on tariff quotas regarding China's exports of chicken meat.
"China urges the European Union to respect WTO's ruling and rectify the wrong practices on duck products quotas as soon as possible," the statement said, adding that China has in recent years invested 2.8 billion yuan (£328 million) on poultry farm equipment to supply the European market.
Either side can appeal the ruling.
(Reporting by Tom Miles; Additional reporting by Chen Aizhu in Beijing; Editing by Richard Pullin)
April 6 Honeywell International Inc:
* Honeywell - announced a facility infrastructure modernization project at 21 federal aviation administration operated facilities across united states
* Honeywell - project will be funded through an assisting federal facilities with energy conservation technologies grant from department of energy
* Honeywell - project is to be completed by summer of 2018 and is expected to help reduce faa's energy use by more than 6 million killowatt hours per year
* Honeywell - project will be funded also by a $10.8 million energy savings performance contract (espc) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Rotorua-born R&B singer Alayna Powley, 23, who goes by the mononymous name alayna, has always wanted to make music with a certain intimacy, music that peers beneath the surface, according to the UK's Clash magazine.
Her new cut Bliss is online now, dominated by a powerfully under-stated vocal and a sparse arrangement that lets each aspect find its way to the fore.
“I wanted to find a way to articulate the personal, intimate feeling of being completely at ease,” Powley explains. “Bliss​ feels like a sigh, a softening of shoulders and a comfort in a moment with someone. Bliss​ feels like pure, real love.”
Powley is based in Brooklyn, New York.
Original article by Robin Murray, Clash, November 29, 2017.
In no surprise, Los Angeles Rams coach Sean McVay was voted as the NFL's Coach of the Year after leading Los Angeles to an 11-5 record after finished 4-12 the season before.
The question was who would take second behind him.
That was Vikings coach Mike Zimmer who led the Vikings to a 13-3 record despite season-ending injuries to Sam Bradford and Dalvin Cook throughout the season.
McVay earned 35 first-place votes while Zimmer finished with 11.
Coach of the Year results. Somehow Bill Belichick earned a vote. pic.twitter.com/t3QTJdvR8W — Marc Sessler (@MarcSesslerNFL) February 4, 2018
Again, this wasn't necessarily a surprise to anyone.
I asked Mike Zimmer if he will win NFL Coach of the Year Award. “I'm pretty sure I didn't.” Award expected to go to Sean McVay of LA Rams — Chris Tomasson (@christomasson) February 3, 2018
What both coaches did this season, along with Doug Pederson from Philadelphia and Bill Belichick for New England, is pretty remarkable.
In his four seasons as coach of the Vikings, Zimmer has a 39-25 overall record, making the playoffs twice.
April Love Geary is continuing to spread her love for nursing her daughter.
One day after clapping back at a critic of a breastfeeding photo she shared previously, the 23-year-old model posted a throwback snap taken the first time Mia Love, now 8 weeks, “latched onto [her] nipple” — which happened “instantly,” Geary reveals.
“It's such a shame that the world sexualizes a woman's breast so much. Boobs are for babies, not your husband,” wrote Geary. “And to the women who can't have babies/breastfeed/etc, your boobs are yours. Your body is yours. If you can't breastfeed, you are no less than someone who can.”
“Every mothers journey is going to be different but that's what makes our lives so special,” added the new mom, who welcomed her first child with boyfriend Robin Thicke on Feb. 22.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
April Love Geary/Instagram
April Love Geary/Instagram
RELATED: Jenna Jameson Urges Women to #DropTheCover in New Breastfeeding Photo: “This Is My Calling”
Jenna Jameson is a mom who has championed breastfeeding since welcoming her daughter Batel Lu in April 2017, and reached out to Geary in her post's comments to support her in her journey.
“So happy to have you voice helping to normalize breastfeeding!” wrote the former adult film star, 44. “Don't pay attention to the negative people trying to minimize how amazing it is that you are so open and vocal!”
Added Jameson in a reply to another commenter, “Sounds like someone is trying to diminish another because she feels inferior. Don't stress babe … we support you too!”
April Love Geary/Instagram
RELATED VIDEO: Jenna Jameson Showers While Breastfeeding Daughter Batel During “Hard” Day: “This Is Motherhood”
Geary's initial response to criticism came Sunday after English television personality Chanelle Hayes questioned on Twitter why the new mom would post an intimate nursing snap.
“Hey @chanellehayes, maybe the next time you want to criticize me for posting a picture of myself breastfeeding you should really take a look at the pictures you've had taken,” Geary captioned a side-by-side of Hayes' tweet and a photo of the latter posing topless.
“Not that taking nudes are wrong! The naked body is a beautiful thing! But don't be a hypocrite mama 😘,” Geary concluded.
The city of Great Bend will have a new Mayor next year after Mike Allison decided not to seek another term. There will be three candidates on the November ballot and a select group of citizens heard what they had to think Thursday during an invitation only event held at the Stoneridge Country Club.
Brock McPherson, Allene Owen, and Joe Andrasek all took the same questions from Eagle Radio's Cole Reif who was the moderator for the event. All the candidates answered the same 10-questions.
What did they say? You can find out Saturday morning at 10:05 a.m. as 1590 KVGB and 97.7 FM will broadcast that forum in its entirety.
Stoneridge Country Club organized Thursday's event and purchased the air time for the broadcast.
Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow arrives at the EU Council headquarters for as meeting before hand delivering British Prime Minister Theresa May's notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to EU Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels, Belgium March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow arrives at the EU Council headquarters for a meeting before hand delivering British Prime Minister Theresa May's notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to EU Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels, Belgium March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow delivers British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter in notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to EU Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels, Belgium March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
BRUSSELS It's been two centuries since a British emissary arrived in Brussels bearing a dispatch of such historic portent but Sir Tim Barrow, Britain's new envoy to the EU, took it in his diplomatic stride.
The ambassadorial Jaguar in which he rode to the European Council on Wednesday morning bearing Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit notification was certainly more comfortable than the warhorse that brought the Duke of Wellington's messenger to the city bearing news of victory at nearby Waterloo in 1815.
But if word of Napoleon's defeat transformed Europe, so too the modest six pages on Downing Street foolscap by which May sets the clock ticking on a two-year countdown to departure from the European Union bear huge ramifications for the whole continent.
The trigger moment itself lacked great drama.
At 1:25 p.m. (1125 GMT), Barrow proffered the crisp, narrow white envelope to Donald Tusk, who chairs summits of EU leaders. The moment the former Polish prime minister grasped it, the provisions laid down for withdrawal in Article 50 of the Union's Lisbon Treaty were met.
"After nine months, the UK has delivered #Brexit," Tusk tweeted a few minutes later, referring to June's shock referendum vote. By then Barrow had left Tusk's office.
Barrow, a grey-bearded 53-year-old, was once "our man in Moscow" before being parachuted into Brussels in January after the abrupt resignation of his disgruntled predecessor; he had rubbed May's more fervent pro-Brexit allies up the wrong way.
Affable behind closed doors, Barrow has kept his thoughts to himself in front of the cameras in Brussels and made no exception on Wednesday, ensuring the voice of Britain on the great day was that of Theresa May in the House of Commons.
BRIEF ENCOUNTER
His arrival, well-worn black briefcase in hand, was greeted with unwonted media attention. But he strode purposefully across the red carpet saying nothing. With the letter delivery, which eschewed the 21st century diplomatic norms of email, scheduled for lunchtime, Barrow spent his morning on illegal drugs.
At any rate, that was one topic on the routine weekly agenda for the 28 EU national envoys whose meeting he attended. Known by its French acronym Coreper, Barrow will get used to not being invited to all their discussions, now that Brexit is under way.
His encounter with Tusk lasted just a few minutes. A brief chat between the two in Tusk's office, standing in front of two pairs of EU and British flags, was inaudible to the handful of news photographers invited to witness history being made on the top floor of the Council's newly opened Europa Building.
Commissioned in happier times when the EU seemed destined to go on expanding, it was no little irony that the first great moment of history witnessed by the building denizens call "Tusk Tower" should be the unprecedented shrinking of the Union.
The letter, in which May promised constructive negotiation but also pressed home demands for free trade, will join others in the European Union's document archives, to be kept, no doubt, for centuries to come. Deal or no deal, Britain will be out, barring surprises, at midnight after Friday, March 29, 2019.
As Tusk was at pains to note later in remarks to reporters, it was "not a happy day" for most Europeans, including nearly half of Britons. But across the road at a British-style pub, UKIP lawmakers were toasting their victory at a "Brexit Party".
Searching for words to sum up his moment of history, Tusk, a historian by training, seemed at a loss: "What can I add to this?" he asked. "We already miss you. Thank you and goodbye."
(Editing by Andrew Roche)
DAKAR West African countries have detained seven Chinese ships for fishing illegally and the boats' owners could be subject to millions of dollars in fines, environmental group Greenpeace and government officials said.
Inspectors from Guinea, Sierra Leone and Guinea-Bissau boarded the ships off their coasts that they found to be violating regulations on catching protected fish and using nets with small holes to facilitate bigger hauls.
The arrests came after a two-month regional patrol on a Greenpeace ship, the Esperanza, that carried inspectors from the West African countries in a bid to supplement national efforts often hamstrung by budget and technology constraints.
"This is a surprisingly high amount of arrests, especially considering that the vessels knew about our patrols in advance," Greenpeace's Pavel Klinckhamers said on Tuesday.
West Africa has some of the richest waters in the world, but stocks are being depleted as industrial trawlers, some operating illegally, comb the oceans from the seabed to the surface, Greenpeace says.
A study in the journal Frontiers in Marine Science estimated West Africa's annual losses from illegal and unregulated fishing at $2.3 billion.
The Esperanza patrol found 11 vessels in breach of regulations out of 37 stopped, and reported the breaches to local authorities, who towed them back to port.
Some of the ships were released after fines were paid. Others remain under investigation.
Two other foreign vessels were found to be non-compliant, including a European ship with shark fins aboard, and further investigations are under way, Greenpeace said.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said China consistently opposes all forms of illegal fishing, and demands that firms operate legally and protect the maritime environment.
"China hopes that the relevant countries can enforce the law in a civilised manner, handle it in accordance with the law and protect the legal rights of the relevant Chinese companies and their employees," Geng said.
An EU official in Dakar was not immediately available for comment. The EU, which imports around 874 million euros ($954 million) of fish products each year from West Africa, is subject to fishing quotas and pays compensation to local governments. It has also provided funding to crack down on illegal fishing.
Guinea's fishing minister, Andre Loua, confirmed the detentions and added that it needed more money and boats to effectively control illegal fishing.
Sierra Leone Minister of Information Mohamed Bangura said three Chinese vessels had been detained and fines paid, without giving details. A Guinea-Bissau fishing official said fines were still being negotiated for some of the seized vessels.
(Story corrects to refile with Greenpeace correcting number of ships detained to 7.)
(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing, Saliou Samb in Conakry, Umaru Fofana in Freetown and Alberto Dabo in Bissau; editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg and Robin Pomeroy)
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3238, or 75.54 U.S. cents * Loonie touches its strongest since Feb. 28 at C$1.3224 * Bond prices little changed across the yield curve * 10-year yield hits a nearly 5-month low intraday TORONTO, April 13 The Canadian dollar strengthened on Thursday to a fresh six-week high against its U.S. counterpart as oil prices rose and domestic manufacturing sales fell less-than-expected, while the greenback lost ground against a basket of major currencies. The greenback fell after U.S. President Donald Trump said it was getting too strong and that he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low. Prices of oil, one of Canada's major exports, rose after an International Energy Agency report said the market was close to balance. U.S. crude prices were up 0.30 percent at $53.27 a barrel. Canadian manufacturing sales fell 0.2 percent in February after three consecutive months of increases, weighed down by declines in the vehicle assembly sector, data from Statistics Canada showed. The decrease was not as steep as the 0.7 percent decline economists had expected, while sales volumes rose 0.1 percent. "Canadian manufacturing is still on an upward trajectory, and will contribute solidly to GDP growth" said Bill Adams, senior international economist at The PNC Financial Services Group in a research note. At 9:15 a.m. ET (1315 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3238 to the greenback, or 75.54 U.S. cents, stronger than the Bank of Canada's official close on Wednesday of C$1.3273, or 75.34 U.S. cents. The currency's weakest level of the session was C$1.3255, while it touched its strongest since Feb. 28 at C$1.3224. Gains for the loonie came one day after the Bank of Canada turned less dovish, saying it did not even consider cutting interest rates as it left monetary policy unchanged amid signs of strong growth. Canadian government bond prices were little changed across the yield curve, with the two-year flat to yield 0.725 percent and the 10-year edging up 1 Canadian cent to yield 1.505 percent. Still, the 10-year yield touched its lowest intraday since Nov. 17 at 1.494 percent, while U.S. benchmark yields hovered near a five-month trough. Canadian markets will be closed on Friday for the Good Friday holiday. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Bernard Orr)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Finance Minister Charles Sousa said it would be "precarious" to pursue a balanced budget and health-care supports simultaneously, adding that the current measures strike the best compromise.
"We can continue to balance, or we could continue to make these other investments that stimulate economic growth as well," he said. "We're choosing to do that with a moderate deficit next year in order to accommodate all those areas."
The speech made no mention of rising electricity rates that have contributed to historically low popularity rates for Premier Kathleen Wynne and which are expected to be a key issue at the ballot box when voters go to the polls.
At least one opposition party promptly dismissed the Liberals' planned health-care measures as carrots dangled in anticipation of the looming vote.
New Democrat Leader Andrea Horwath likened the plan to her own dental-care platform announced just days ago, which saw her promise to invest $1.2 billion on a dental program that would subsidize care for 4.5 million residents.
"The difference is New Democrats actually believe these things and will implement them upon being elected," Horwath said, adding that the Liberals often change their tune after they've been voted in. "We believe in these things before elections and after elections."
Horwath has said the money for the dental care program, dubbed Ontario Benefits, would be raised through tax increases on corporations and wealthy individuals. She has said her government would run a deficit, but not provided additional details.
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
LONDON Royal London Mutual Insurance Society ROLGPI.UL will turn its Irish business into a regulated subsidiary as a result of Britain's decision to leave the European Union, chief executive Phil Loney said on Thursday.
Financial services firms need a regulated subsidiary in a European Union country to offer their products across the bloc if Britain no longer has access to the single market.
Lloyd's of London said on Thursday it had picked Brussels for its subsidiary. [L5N1H64CD]
"We have a business in the Republic of Ireland. We will be domiciling a subsidiary in Ireland so we can continue to operate," Loney told Reuters by phone.
Also on Thursday, Royal London reported 2016 operating profit of 282 million pounds, up 16 percent.
(Reporting by Carolyn Cohn, editing by Maiya Keidan)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
Senzatela throws 7 shutout innings, Rockies beat Giants 8-1
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-8', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 8', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: David Zalubowski, AP Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Image 1 of 8 Colorado Rockies' Nolan Arenado, center, is congratulated by teammates Charlie Blackmon, left, and DJ LeMahieu after Arenado hit a three-run home run off San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Chris Stratton during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Denver. less Colorado Rockies' Nolan Arenado, center, is congratulated by teammates Charlie Blackmon, left, and DJ LeMahieu after Arenado hit a three-run home run off San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Chris Stratton ... more Photo: David Zalubowski, AP Image 2 of 8 Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Antonio Senzatela delivers a pitch to San Francisco Giants' Gorkys Hernandez during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Denver. Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Antonio Senzatela delivers a pitch to San Francisco Giants' Gorkys Hernandez during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Denver. Photo: David Zalubowski, AP Image 3 of 8 Colorado Rockies' Nolan Arenado runs the bases after hitting a three-run home run off San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Chris Stratton during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Denver. less Colorado Rockies' Nolan Arenado runs the bases after hitting a three-run home run off San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Chris Stratton during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in ... more Photo: David Zalubowski, AP Image 4 of 8 Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Antonio Senzatela points to left fielder Gerardo Parra, who had made the catch at the warning track on a ball hit by San Francisco Giants' Pablo Sandoval during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Denver. less Colorado Rockies starting pitcher Antonio Senzatela points to left fielder Gerardo Parra, who had made the catch at the warning track on a ball hit by San Francisco Giants' Pablo Sandoval during the seventh ... more Photo: David Zalubowski, AP Image 5 of 8 Image 6 of 8 San Francisco Giants relief pitcher Pierce Johnson delivers a pitch to Colorado Rockies' Nolan Arenado during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Denver. San Francisco Giants relief pitcher Pierce Johnson delivers a pitch to Colorado Rockies' Nolan Arenado during the sixth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Denver. Photo: David Zalubowski, AP Image 7 of 8 San Francisco Giants catcher Buster Posey, left, sits in the dugout with starting pitcher Madison Bumgarner in the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Denver. less San Francisco Giants catcher Buster Posey, left, sits in the dugout with starting pitcher Madison Bumgarner in the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday, July 3, ... more Photo: David Zalubowski, AP Image 8 of 8 Senzatela throws 7 shutout innings, Rockies beat Giants 8-1 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
DENVER (AP) — Antonio Senzatela's most important pitch came early.
Senzatela worked out of a first-inning jam en route to throwing seven scoreless innings in his first start of the season, Nolan Arenado hit his National League-leading 22nd home run and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 8-1 on Tuesday night.
Colorado's Charlie Blackmon had three hits, including his first homer since June 20. Trevor Story had an RBI triple for the Rockies, who have won five of their last six games.
D.J. LeMahieu added a run-scoring double for Colorado, which has beaten the Giants in 14 of the past 16 games at Coors Field dating to Sept. 7, 2016.
Senzatela, recalled earlier in the day from Triple-A Albuquerque, struck out four and walked none while limiting the Giants to three hits but two of them came in the first inning. He got out of the two-on, two-out jam by retiring Pablo Sandoval, getting him to pop-out on a 2-0 changeup.
"To get out of that inning with a zero, stranding those runners, was huge," Senzatela said through a translator. "I settled down pretty nicely and I'm glad I gave the team a chance to win."
Arenado said Senzatela's ability to work out of first inning trouble helped set the tone for the rest of the game.
"Getting out of that first inning with no runs was huge," Arenado said. "I feel like sometimes we always give up a run in the first and lately they haven't. He was just great, pounding the zone, throwing strikes getting ahead of guys. It was awesome. Our pitching in general lately has been huge for us and I think that's why lately we have been playing better."
Senzatela started in the spot vacated by struggling Jon Gray, who started for the Rockies in their season opener but was optioned to Albuquerque last weekend.
Senzatela (3-1) made the team out of spring training and began the season in the Rockies' bullpen before being optioned on May 2 to Albuquerque, where he went 3-1 with a 2.15 ERA in eight starts prior to his recall. As a rookie last season, Senzatela had most of his success as a starter, going 10-5 with a 5.03 ERA in 20 starts.
Chris Stratton (8-6) went 5 2/3 innings and allowed eight runs on 11 hits, including Blackmon's solo shot in the first inning as well as Arenado's three-run drive.
"His fastball command wasn't real sharp tonight," Giants manager Bruce Bochy said. "Fastballs missed their spots there. That's usually his forte, he commands it so well. He threw some good fastballs to Arenado and the changeup stayed in the middle. He wasn't real sharp with his command. He threw strikes but he needed to work the edges."
The Giants broke through for a run on Alec Hanson's RBI single in the eighth off reliever MikeDunn.
The Giants were trailing 3-0 when Arenado broke the game open in the fifth with a three-run homer. Stratton walked LeMahieu to start the inning and Blackmon singled before Arenado drove a 3-2 offering over the left-center field wall.
GIANTS NEMESIS
Arenado has driven in 90 runs in 100 career games against the Giants, the second most among active players. Matt Kemp leads with 93 career RBIs against the Giants. Said Arenado: "I think they bring out the best in all of us. They bring out the best in me — three World Series rings and they've always been one of the top tier teams in our division. It's always a tough place to play and I always want to beat them because I always feel like they've beaten us in the past, a lot."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: The team's starting rotation is nearing full strength again. Manager Bruce Bochy said that RHP Johnny Cueto is slated to be reinstated from the 60-day disabled list on Thursday, when he's scheduled to start against the St. Louis Cardinals. Cueto was placed on the DL, retroactive to April 29, because of a right elbow sprain. RHP Jeff Samardzija is slated to start Saturday's game against St. Louis after being reinstated from the 10-day DL. Samardzija went on the DL after leaving a May 30 start against Colorado following one inning due to tightness in his pitching shoulder.
Rockies: RHP Chad Bettis has gone on the 10-day disabled list with a blister on his right middle finger. Bettis left his last start on Sunday against the Los Angeles Dodgers after three innings because of the finger injury. Senzatela was recalled from Albuquerque to fill Bettis' roster spot and started Tuesday against the Giants in the place of RHP Jon Gray, who was optioned Saturday to Albuquerque.
UP NEXT
Giants: LHP Andrew Suarez (3-4, 4.18 ERA) is coming off a strong outing in which he allowed one run on seven hits over six innings in a 2-1 win against Arizona.
Rockies: LHP Tyler Anderson (5-3, 4.23 ERA) has gone 1-3 with a 5.26 ERA in eight previous starts at Coors Field this season.
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
The Government's continuing failure to decide on the future of Portlaoise hospital has been criticised by a senior HSE manager.
The failure to publish a clear plan for the hospital is causing concern and frustration for staff and the public, as well as making it extremely difficult to recruit doctors and nurses, according to Dr Susan O'Reilly, chief executive of the Dublin Midlands Hospital Group, which includes Portlaoise hospital.
The “inherent risk” of relying on locum and other temporary staff is “unsustainable”, Dr O'Reilly warns in a letter to the Department of Health, obtained under the Freedom of Information Acts.
Last year the hospital spent more than €10 million on locum staff, mostly doctors, due to an inability to fill permanent posts.
A draft plan drawn up by the hospital group has been with the department for over a year, with a final draft submitted last December. The unpublished plan is believed to propose major changes to the hospital, including the politically controversial option of ending 24/7 emergency and critical care services.
The department's failure to announce what it intends to do with the plan is the source of growing concern within the hospital group.
The plan was called for by the Health Information and Quality Authority (Hiqa) in May 2015, in a highly critical report into the hospital prompted by a series of baby deaths.
Intensive care unit
Last December a follow-up report by Hiqa found there were continuing safety concerns at the hospital. The safety watchdog found some improvements in maternity standards, but said the intensive care unit did not meet minimum standards.
In her letter to the department Dr O'Reilly says staff, the public and GPs in Portlaoise urgently need to have a sense of the long-term strategic plan for the hospital.
“It is continuously highlighted to me by staff and management that their ability to recruit new staff or replace existing experienced clinical staff who are retiring may well be compromised by the lack of a strategic plan. They cannot answer the very simple question ‘what are the plans for the hospital and the region'?”
She says Portlaoise is struggling to retain nurses and has always struggled to fill physician posts. “There is a risk if no decisions are taken as staff are looking for information and some certainty about the future.”
Patient safety
The department says the plan is being reviewed “in detail”, and patient safety and good quality outcomes will come first in any changes made.
“Any changes will be undertaken in a planned and orderly manner to further improve services for patients, and will take account of existing patient flows and demands in other hospitals, as well as the need to develop particular services at Portlaoise in the context of the overall service configuration in the group.”
April 28Guangdong Shirongzhaoye Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 3.8 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/awRhFi
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
"There is a palpable aura of danger around failures," he said. "It is almost impossible for most people to separate those two meanings."
But that fear of failure can ultimately stifle creativity. "Failure is a necessary consequence of doing something new," Catmull told the crowd at the Lot42 event space. "You have to be open to the things that don't work in order to make progress."
New problems arise continually. Creativity can be the measure of how we respond, he said.
One of the legacies that came from the making of 1995's "Toy Story" — Pixar's first feature and the first feature-length computer-animated film — was the "brain trust," a group that meets every few weeks as a work-in-progress is presented in rough form.
The meetings are designed to allow peers to speak to peers, with the power structure removed from the room. Honesty is a must; equal contributions from all are desired.
Catmull admitted the company doesn't always live up to its own principles. Egos get in the way, and people learn to ignore each other.
But "every once in a while, magic happens," he said. "You feel ego disappear from the room." Attention turns to the problem at hand, and ideas come and go without a sense of personal attachment.
Catmull also shared memories of late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, who bankrolled the spinoff of the Lucasfilm division that became Pixar in 1986.
Early failures changed Jobs, and ultimately changed much of the bad behaviour that still came to characterize him, Catmull said. Jobs left Apple in 1985, a year before he funded Pixar's creation. It was a changed Jobs that made Apple great upon his return to the company in 1997, said Catmull.
Jobs developed the ability to listen, and gained empathy, Catmull said. And when he changed, the people who were with him stayed with him for the rest of his life.
"That part of the story was missed," Catmull said. "Change in him was real, and it was deep."
The True North conference continues at Lot42 on Thursday.
bdavis@therecord.com, Twitter: @DavisRecord
bdavis@therecord.com , Twitter: @DavisRecord
British media reported that samples of the mystery substance had been sent to the Porton Down defence research laboratory for testing.
Prime Minister Theresa May's office said she was being kept updated on the case, "which understandably is being treated with the utmost seriousness."
The emergency services' response echoes that in the case of Sergei Skripal, 67. The former Russian intelligence officer was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap.
He had been living in Salisbury, a cathedral city 150 kilometres southwest of London, when he was struck down along with his 33-year-old daughter Yulia, who was visiting him.
The Skripals' illness initially baffled doctors after they were found unconscious on a park bench in Salisbury. Scientists at Porton Down concluded they had been poisoned with Novichok, a type of nerve agent developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
After spending weeks in critical condition, the Skripals were released from the hospital and taken to an undisclosed location for their protection. Doctors say they don't know what the long-term prognosis is.
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals, a claim Moscow strongly denies. The case sparked a diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West, including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides.
The two Amesbury victims were at Salisbury District Hospital, which also treated the Skripals. Police said the victims are British citizens and live in the area.
Neighbours on Muggleton Road in Amesbury, where Rowley is believed to live, said they did not know the couple well and didn't know what they did for a living. Most residents have only recently moved to the new houses and apartments.
Sam Hobson, a friend of the couple, said he was with them on Saturday, when Sturgess fell ill first. He told Sky News she was "having a fit, foam coming out of her mouth." Rowley collapsed later the same day.
"He was sweating loads, dribbling. ... He was rocking backwards and forwards," Hobson said. "There was no response from him. He didn't even know I was there."
Police cordoned off a home in Amesbury, believed to be Rowley's, and other places the pair visited, including a church, a pharmacy and a park in Salisbury, near where the Skripals were found.
Health officials said there is not believed to be any wider risk to the public, but they continue to watch the situation.
Salisbury and surrounding towns have only recently begun to recover from the frightening weeks at the centre of an international spy drama.
Police from 40 departments in England and Wales returned home in June after months working on the Skripal case, and specially trained workers have spent months decontaminating sites around the city.
The British government has pledged £2.5 million (CAD $4.3 million) to local businesses to make up for lost revenue in the area, which is a gateway to Stonehenge, the ancient stone circle that is a huge tourist destination.
"Amesbury's a lovely place — it's very quiet, uneventful," said resident Rosemary Northing. "So for this to happen, and the media response and the uncertainty, it's unsettling."
Justin Doughty, who lives across the street from the cordoned-off house, said residents want more information from the authorities.
"We don't know, to be honest now, because is it linked to Salisbury or is it drug-related?" he said. "None of us is being told anything by the police, and it would be nice to know something."
President Trump is causing confusion — and fear — after a cryptic comment he made to the press following a military dinner at the White House on Thursday.
After summoning the media to a last-minute photo op with “the world's great military people” on Thursday evening, Trump asked reporters: “You guys know what this represents? Maybe it's the calm before the storm.”
Victoria Beckham's family is showing the love on her 43rd birthday.
Her husband, David Beckham, kicked things off, sharing a throwback photo of her in full Posh Spice getup. “Happy birthday to An amazing mummy, wife and friend,” he captioned. “We love you have a beautiful day x.”
Happy birthday to An amazing mummy , wife and friend .. We Love you Have a beautiful day x @victoriabeckham @brooklynbeckham @cruzbeckham @romeobeckham #@HarperSeven A post shared by David Beckham (@davidbeckham) on Apr 17, 2017 at 9:43am PDT
The kids got in on the celebration too. Beckham posted an adorable clip of her daughter Harper, 5, singing the Happy Birthday song against a purple background, while blowing kisses at the camera. “I love u,” she captioned the video.
🙏🏻 I love u @davidbeckham @brooklynbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham 💕💕💕💕 A post shared by Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Apr 17, 2017 at 9:43am PDT
Her middle son Romeo, 14, shared a sweet message as well. Captioning a selfie of himself and his mom, Romeo wrote, “Mum, I love u so much and hope you have the best day ever!!
Mum, I love u so much and hope you have the best day ever!! You are the most amazing mum and you are perfect In every way. I love how you make me laugh every day and whatever happens you always seem to be happy. I love you to the moon and back xx have the best day ever !! ❤ A post shared by Romeobeckham (@romeobeckham) on Apr 17, 2017 at 10:29am PDT
“You are the most amazing mum and you are perfect in every way. I love how you make me laugh every day and whatever happens you always seem to be happy. I love you to the moon and back xx have the best day ever!!” he added.
From Coinage: See Where 6 Stars Were Before They Were Famous
The youngest of Beckham's boys, Cruz, 12, followed suit, sharing a selfie with his mom and captioning it, “Dear Mum happy birthday you are the best mum ever.”
Dear Mum happy birthday you are the best mum ever @victoriabeckham #bestmumever ❤️❤️😜 A post shared by Cruz Beckham (@cruzbeckham) on Apr 17, 2017 at 9:31am PDT
Speaking about raising her brood, Beckham recently told Elle UK that her husband's support makes all the difference in balancing her busy schedule. “During fashion week, when I'm working, the children will be in New York and he's already planned to take them to museums then out for dinner on Saturday night, so he is very good at that sort of thing — as am I,” she told the magazine.
“That's how you can show your support in a marriage, by saying, ‘You know what, I've got this.' That's what makes a good partnership,” she added.
April 13 Fingerprint Cards AB
* Says Fingerprints' touch sensor featured in Qiku's new smartphone 360 F5
* Says "We're always happy to see new customer devices launched. This product is particularly important as it is the first device based on Spreadtrum platform, with a fingerprint sensor from Fingerprints. Spreadtrum is a major mobile platform supplier, very strong in the low-cost segment", says Ted Hansson, Senior Vice President, Business Line Mobile, at Fingerprints. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Stockholm Newsroom)
The last time I talked to Martyn Ware he was visiting Harrogate working to talk about a possible ambitious art-sound installation.
It never quite came off but I did at least learn at that memorable meeting that, of all the members of synth pop legends Human League, a band Ware co-founded, the one who might not have done anything without that push was its most famous member – Phil Oakey.
I'm talking to Ware again because one of his other legendary incarnations – arty early 80s electronic provocateurs British Electric Foundation – are playing a headline gig at Grassington Festival in North Yorkshire shortly.
The emphasis will be on entertainment from what is a stellar cast, rather than the avant garde, he tells me.
“It's going to be a lot of fun. The rules of the game are that every singer does an electronic version of their biggest hit plus one unusual cover, from Bowie to soul to the Sex Pistols.
“There will be a Prince tribute at the end. We've got a lot of guest singers such as Peter Hook, Jaki Graham, Glen Matlock, Mari Wilson and, of course, Glenn Gregory.”
The latter fronted up popular hitmakers Heaven 17 with Ware after their time together in the thrilling pioneering days of early electronic pop with Human League and BEF.
Ware may have kept on nodding terms with the pop world for nearly four decades now but he hasn't forgotten his experimental roots in the late 1970s when he and his fellow Human League members had the self-belief to imagine the future and create it for themselves - and the world - in industrial Sheffield.
Ware said: “It was the arrogance of youth. It's not knowing what you don't know.
“As well as my art, I do a lot of theatre work and film soundtracks. I still see myself reflected in that 20-year-old.
“I remember Vince Clarke of Erasure, who's a very quiet guy, once said something to me that had a profound impact, “I'm my own biggest fan. I think everything I do is brilliant.”
“I still feel a bit like that. You have to be that way to keep being creative.”
BEF play at the Festival Field Marquee, Grassington on Friday, June 29, 8pm.
May 3 Australian shares are seen opening slightly lower on Wednesday with investors awaiting the conclusion of a two-day U.S. Federal Reserve policy meeting. While the Fed is expected to hold interest rates steady, as it pauses to parse more economic data, it may hint it is on track for an increase in June. The local share price index futures fell 4 points to 5,930, a 20.4-point discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark fell 0.1 percent on Tuesday. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index fell 0.13 percent, or 9.39 points, to 7,413.10 at 2233 GMT. For a summary of overnight action across global markets, double-click on For a digest of the day's business stories in Australian newspapers, double-click on (Reporting by Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru; editing by Diane Craft)
A man in Sweden is charged with raping girls in Canada and two other countries entirely through online contact, in what prosecutors are calling a potentially precedent-setting case.
Bjorn Samstrom, whose trial is underway, is charged with dozens of offences, including "gross rape," involving 27 girls, two of them Canadian, according to one of the prosecutors in the case. The other girls are in the United States and Britain.
The allegations involving the Canadians date back to 2015, when the two girls — one from Ontario, the other from Alberta — were 13, the prosecutor said.
In an interview from Stockholm, Annika Wennerstrom said Samstrom is accused of coercing girls to perform sexual acts in front of webcams by threatening them or their families.
Under Swedish law, rape does not have to involve intercourse, Wennerstrom said. It can be another act considered to be equally violating.
The country's highest court has previously ruled that sexual assault, which is a lesser charge, can be committed through the internet but has yet to convict someone of rape in the same way, she said.
Wennerstrom said the courts have said in other cases that rape could "hypothetically" occur over the internet, but the offences being tried did not meet the threshold.
She believes the crimes Samstrom is accused of committing are "horrific" enough to be considered rape.
"We see them as rape of a different kind," she said. "They are forced to do it, they are threatened to do it, it's painful and it goes on, in some cases, for a long time. They have absolutely no choice and they are terrified."
Police found video recordings of young English-speaking girls while investigating Samstrom in connection with another alleged sex crime involving Swedish complainants, the lawyer said. In some of the footage, they could hear Samstrom's voice or see other information that linked him to the video, she said.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — Officials at the Fleet Science Center announced Monday that they will hold a free event to view the upcoming solar eclipse.
Next Monday's astronomical phenomenon is scheduled to begin in San Diego shortly after 9 a.m. and reach its height at 10:23 a.m.
The eclipse will be total in a 100-mile-wide swath of the country from Oregon to South Carolina, and will be partial in Southern California — 57 percent in San Diego. It will be the first total solar eclipse visible in the United States since 1979.
"The eclipse is an event for all of your senses,'' said Steve Snyder, museum CEO.
"During the eclipse, take the time to look at the world around you,'' Snyder said. "Watch the shadows of the trees for projections of the eclipse. Listen to the sounds around you as the natural world reacts to this event. See if you can feel the change in temperature as the moon begins to block the sun.''
Attendees in front of the Fleet Science Center will find supplies to build a pinhole projector, a solar telescope from the San Diego Astronomy Association and an opportunity to purchase inexpensive solar eclipse glasses made with special filters that allow viewing the eclipse without risking eye damage.
Dr. Lisa Will, the museum's resident astronomer and a San Diego City College professor, will be on hand to discuss the eclipse.
Inside the museum, the "NASA Edge Megacast'' will be displayed in the dome theater from 8:45 a.m. to 12:45 p.m.
The NASA production will show the eclipse from 11 spacecraft, at least three NASA aircraft, more than 50 high-altitude balloons and the astronauts aboard the International Space Station. Each view will offer a unique vantage point for the celestial event.
Museum officials said that when the moon completely blocks the sun the otherwise hidden solar corona will appear, and bright stars and planets also will become visible.
The megacast viewing in the dome theater will be included with museum admission. It will also be shown in the museum lobby.
After next Monday, there won't be a solar eclipse visible in San Diego until 2023.
Kory said the material for the new poetry collection came from Cohen's vast collection of notebooks that he had started transcribing digitally many years ago.
"For a poetry book, it's going to be a long book," said Kory. "It's going to be a significant work. People will really be able to enjoy it."
Cohen wrote the poems "as recent as days before he passed away and as early as probably the 1970s," said Kory, noting the multi-faceted artist was always returning to his older poems to rework them.
"His passing was unexpected. It's not like his mind ever weakened. He was crystal clear, at the top of his game, to the very last moments of his life."
The illustrations that will be in the book come from a collection of self-portraits Cohen did.
"The comic side of Leonard Cohen," said Kory.
"There's this marvellous collection of self-portraits and he says, 'You should publish these as a comic book.' They are absolutely so funny."
McClelland and Stewart publisher Jared Bland said "The Flame" is "full of Leonard Cohen's signature combination of grace, humour, wisdom, and heartbreaking insight into the fragility and beauty of this world we all share."
"It will endure as a testament to his humanity and genius, and delight his millions of fans around the world," said Bland.
Asked if this is absolutely Cohen's final book, Kory quipped: "Well, what does the word 'final' mean?"
"It's his final book insofar as it's a book where he selected all the elements, he worked on all the pages and had their order and so forth," he said. "Anything else, we would have an editor who would have to take existing work from his archives."
By Victoria Ahearn, The Canadian Press
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
Avoid putting off a visit or trip. If you can, make a call and reach out to a dear friend or loved one whom you have wanted to see. Making plans with this person puts a smile on your face. Let others know what your priorities are.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Relax, and allow others to take the lead. A partner might appear to be somewhat distant in the morning, but by the afternoon, he or she will open up. The two of you will be able to work through some difficult feelings together.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Others could be moodier than you originally had anticipated. You might feel as if someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed. Put some space between you and this person, and don't let his or her negativity get to you.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
Reaching an understanding could be difficult. Loosen up and let go of a grudge. You might feel a lot better as a result, and others will like relating to you more. Your words could be misunderstood. Be as clear as possible in order to avoid a squabble.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
No one needs to tell you how much energy emanates from you. Just observe what is happening around you. Don't allow a feeling of insecurity or a lack of funds to stop you from socializing. Make the first move, and refuse to stand on ceremony.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
Your serious tone could cause a loved one some concern. Make an effort to reach out to this person later in the day. You even might decide to buy a token of appreciation to let him or her know that you care. Recognize that you aren't always easy to relate to.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
You might be quite active and assertive, but to someone else it could come across as aggressive. Your supportive efforts toward others will be noticed. Be thoughtful. Open up conversations, and listen to what is being shared.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
Be aware of the costs of continuing as you have been. You might be letting self-discipline go by overindulging a bit. Instead of sitting on irritation or anger, try to voice your feelings in an acceptable way. Do not judge others or yourself too harshly.
BRUSSELS The European Union threatened Hungary with legal action on Wednesday over moves by Prime Minister Viktor Orban that it fears run counter the bloc's values on rights and democracy.
Long exasperated by what it sees as Orban's authoritarian tendencies, Brussels is concerned at new Hungarian laws that it fears curtail freedoms and contradict asylum rules - culminating in criticism of an education bill that could shut down a Budapest university founded by U.S. financier George Soros.
The EU executive's deputy head said Orban's government needed to assuage the bloc's worries by engaging in a political dialogue with the European Commission, which is also trying to persuade Orban's right-wing allies in the Polish government to amend plans for constitutional changes there.
"Taken cumulatively, the overall situation in Hungary is a cause of concern," First Vice President Frans Timmermans told a news conference after the commissioners discussed Hungary at their weekly meeting.
Domestic opponents of the new law, which on Sunday triggered some of the largest demonstrations against Orban's seven-year rule, consider it part of a wider crackdown on dissent and a political drift towards Russia.
Timmermans said the Soros-funded Central European University (CEU) was a "pearl" that must be protected, and the bloc was evaluating the new education law to decide whether to launch an infringement case - a measure that could eventually but only after lengthy negotiations land Hungary in Europe's top court.
The EU executive has "resolved to use all the instruments at our disposal under the Treaties to uphold the values on which our Union is grounded," Timmermans told reporters. "The vision of an open society, of a diverse society is under threat.
Grievances between Brussels, some EU capitals and Budapest go beyond the higher education law, however. Orban's "illiberal" brand of democracy has already earned him a tongue-in-cheek greeting of "Hello Dictator!" from the head of the executive, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.
However, the Commission has a struggle to impose stronger sanctions on Hungary, such as a supervision procedure that could lead to the suspension of Budapest's voting rights in the bloc.
While some in the EU and its political capital want to be harsher on Budapest, others are more restrained. Orban's warm ties with the government in Poland, a post-communist EU peer that joins him in opposing Brussels on issues from migration to energy policy, means he may be shielded from any harsh moves that would need backing from all other EU states.
(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska and Alissa de Carbonnel; Editing by Alastair Macdonald)
Simpson's is a restaurant so English that they even banned the word 'menu' – and while they're still serving Champagne, they're now making a real effort to champion the British alternatives. Octavia Pollock went along to try it out.
Sir Winston Churchill would have approved. Simpson's in the Strand, where he dined regularly from their famous carvery at his corner table, is celebrating sparkling wine that even he, as a devotee of Pol Roger, would have enjoyed: English bubbly.
The classic London restaurant is now serving sparkling wines made by West Sussex vineyard Ridgeview; they celebrated the appearance of these wines during English Wine Week in May, pairing the vineyard's best sparkling wines with dishes drawn from Simpson's ‘Bill of Fare'. It's only fitting that English wine be celebrated in a restaurant whose original Master Cook Thomas Davey celebration of British food stretched even as far as banning the Frenchified word ‘menu'.
The restaurant opened in 1828 as the Grand Cigar Divan, a chess club and coffee house, when the giant silver domes of the table-side carvery were employed to avoid disturbing chess games. Today, they still make a regular appearance, adding a real touch of theatre to a meal.
The domes weren't used during our evening, however. Instead, it was four different classics picked out – oysters, crab, duck and cranachan – to be put together with four varieties of Ridgeview's sparkling wine. The oysters – huge, succulent Jersey rock oysters – were set off by a glass of Blanc de Blancs Brut, a 100% single-estate Chardonnay with notes of lemon and almond.
With the Dorset crab salad, Ridgeview's Cavendish made a fine accompaniment; and finally the tender, juicy Gressingham duck breast, with its crispy toasted rice and poached pear, was given the support it needs from the rich, black-cherry scents of Blanc de Noirs Brut.
Much to my chagrin, I couldn't tuck into the cranachan – it contains just about the only thing I can't eat, rhubarb – but no sooner had I apologised than it was whisked away by our charming waiter and replaced by a exquisite lemon posset with sweet orange pieces, alongside the Rose de Noirs Brut that proved to be a triumphant climax to the meal.
The restaurant's general manager is Anna Lomas the first woman in this gentleman's-own club to hold the position – something all the more surprising (and welcome) when you hear that women were prohibited from the main dining room within living memory. Mrs Lomas has worked with sommelier Ben Humberstone to create something special with these pairings, and their enthusiasm for England's new wave of Champagne-rivalling sparkling wine is clear.
Ridgeview isn't the only English vineyard to feature on Simpson's discerning wine list, incidentally. Other highlights include Coates and Seely, with its Brut Reserve NV evoking apple orchards and sunshine; the refeshing, the palest pink Balfour Brut Rose from the Hush Heath Winery in Kent; and the deliciously dry, elegant Gusbourne Blanc de Blancs 2012, whose sister 2013 vintage won best sparkling Blanc de Blancs in the recent WineGB Awards. And if you really can't find one from that list that tickles your fancy, Ruinart or Krug is still on the menu.
Even if bubbly isn't your thing – and let's face it, if you're going for the famous carvery you'll probably want a nice Claret instead – Simpson's is the sort of place that you really have to experience. It's a true London original.
These hallowed halls, where Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and his creation Sherlock Holmes ate off the chess-patterned plates, have recently been impeccably, and respectfully, refurbished, retaining the old style, but breathing fresh life into the dark panelling and soft leather. The old place has never looked better.
www.simpsonsinthestrand.co.uk
An appeal has been made for help to track down a Hungarian woman and her young son.
Police are trying to trace Barbara Bogdan, 20, originally from Hungary, and her 15-month-old boy Kevin.
They were last seen in Dewsbury on the morning of January 25, then in Wakefield later that day when they took the 12.42pm free bus from Pinderfields Hospital into the city.
Inspector Dorian James said: “We are urging anyone who knows Barbara Bogdan and her son who can help us to find her to please get in contact.
“She is not in any trouble with the police, but we just want to speak to her to make sure her and her son are okay.
“We understand she's had links to the Dewsbury Moor and Batley areas since coming to the UK and believe that she is still in the country.”
Anyone with information is asked to call West Yorkshire Police on 101, quoting log 1216 of January 26.
Corinthians RFC and Shop Street will host a Sleep Out for Simon tonight starting at 6pm in Corinthians and 7pm at Shop Street Galway.
Those involved will experience for one night what many people in Ireland face every day while helping to raise awareness and funds to tackle homelessness.
This year, Simon are aiming to raise €30,000 to fund health and well-being costs for up to 300 clients supported by our prevention, housing and support services.
Providing homeless services is much more than just putting a roof over someone's head. The investment in health-related supports is a vital contributor in helping people turn their lives round.
Galway Simon's Health & Well-Being Team are dedicated to providing each of our clients with specialist support in areas including physical and mental health, addiction, relapse prevention, life skills and access to training, education and employment.
100% of funds raised through this year's event will be used towards the shortfall in funding for these services specifically covering essential counselling, chiropody and dental treatments, as well as the development of a garden allotment project to promote mental health and meaningful use of time.
Amy Lavelle from Simon Galway joined John Mulligan on Over The Line to speak about the Sleepout
Listen to what some of last year's participants had to say about the experience of sleeping out.
# sleepout4simon
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
LONDON — A man who drove a van into worshippers near a London mosque, killing one man and injuring a dozen others, was sentenced Friday to at least 43 years in prison for what a judge called a crime driven by "malevolent hatred."
Judge Bobbie Cheema-Grubb said Darren Osborne's mind was "poisoned" by far-right ideas before the June 2017 attack targeting Muslims and that he had shown no signs of remorse.
"Your mindset became one of malevolent hatred," the judge told the prisoner in the dock at Woolwich Crown Court. "This was a terrorist attack. You intended to kill."
She sentenced Osborne, 48, to life with no chance of parole for 43 years, saying "the court has seen no evidence that the danger you present has lessened."
Much has changed in the two years since the Giant Tiger expansion was launched. Sears Canada failed, liberating more real estate and leaving $2 billion in sales on the table for enterprising competitors to fight over. Haig says a portion of those Sears shoppers have switched to shopping at Giant Tiger. That's the good news.
The bad news is that Dollarama is continuing its relentless expansion across the nation, with more than 1,300 stores and counting. And there's a new kid on the discount block: Miniso. The Chinese retailer debuted in Canada in 2017 with plans to rapidly expand to 500 stores in three years. It doesn't play in all the same categories as Giant Tiger, but it does compete for the novelty buys, where opportunities are rife to make a hefty profit.
Giant Tiger believes it has a competitive advantage in its franchisees, who have a deep knowledge of the communities where their stores are located. If they don't already have retail experience, they work at Giant Tiger to acquire it.
"We've got some store owners that have been in areas for 30 years and probably know 40 per cent of the customers by their first name," Haig says. "We have some store owners that could be elected mayor because they've been that long in the community."
Importantly, company spokesperson Alison Scarlett says, Giant Tiger listens to franchisees and respects their feedback and opinions on the business and their markets.
"Respect is the cornerstone of who we are as a retailer," Scarlett says.
Jamie McLean, a franchisee owner in Hamilton, was at Zellers for 16 years before joining Giant Tiger 10 years ago. By the time he purchased a Giant Tiger franchise in 2016, he'd worked at 30 different stores, building up his relationships with other managers and owners.
He thinks the store size at Giant Tiger is one reason for the high level of customer loyalty the retailer enjoys.
"There is a relationship and a bond with customers that I have never seen in my entire retail career and I have to think it has to do with the size of our footprint and just being able to interact with them. It's just a great thing," McLean said.
Once a year, their best customers at all stores are invited to shop, at a discount and after hours, in a store that has been closed to the general public.
Founder Gordon Reid, who opened the first Giant Tiger store in Ottawa in 1961, remains at the helm as chairperson and CEO. Now in his 80s, he still comes into the office every day and is involved in the strategic decisions and direction of the company. He is media-averse and declined to be interviewed for this story. But it was always his dream to run a discount retail empire.
"What is motivating him? I guess you could say the same thing as Warren Buffett, I think," Haig says.
"Gordon loves it. He lives and breathes Giant Tiger. He's in every day. Don't forget, he built it. It's his baby and he went from one store to 240 plus stores. I think it's amazing that he comes in and has such vim and vigour and gets excited about an item selling, or a store is up x amount per cent," said Haig.
Sally Seston, managing director at Retail Category Consultants, believes Giant Tiger has room to grow in Canada.
"I think they've combined sort of the treasure hunt that you would get at a Costco or at a winner; they've combined that idea of the treasure hunt with some staples — some of them are private label, but some of them are also national brands that people are looking for — like Levi's," Seston says.
But while Giant Tiger likes to promote its Canadian roots, Seston doesn't think waving the Canadian flag translates into ringing up sales at the cash register. While patriotism is nice to have, research has shown it's not high on the list of things consumers are looking for when they shop. Price and value come first.
"I would love a second-floor laundry, but the truth is that when I am looking for a home, I am not buying a house for a second-floor laundry if it doesn't have enough bedrooms. I'm not shopping at a store because it's Canadian if it means it's more expensive or if it's way out of my way," Seston says.
Retail consultant Maureen Atkinson, senior adviser at J.C. Williams Group Global Retail Advisors, says the brand has carved out a niche for itself in Canada.
"I think they kind of fly under the radar. They're not in big cities. They're not in expensive real estate," Atkinson says. "It seems to work for them."
PHILADELPHIA — Caleb Wood had 17 of his 22 points during the second half and overtime to help Pennsylvania beat Brown 95-90 on Friday night.
The Quakers (14-6, 4-0 Ivy League) closed on a 6-0 run over the final 1:11 of overtime.
The Bears (9-9, 2-3) trailed 93-90 when Zach Hunsaker missed a 3-point attempt with five seconds left. Wood made 1 of 2 free throws with four seconds left and Max Rothschild added another free throw in the final second.
Penn also scored the final six points of regulation, all on free throws, while Brown missed three field-goal attempts over the final three minutes of the period.
April 13 Origin Agritech Ltd-
* Origin Agritech announces shareholder approval of sale of commercial corn seed production and distribution business
* Origin Agritech Ltd - transaction is expected to close in second half of 2017, subject to satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 13 Biogen Inc:
* Biogen Inc - under agreement, biogen will receive worldwide rights to BMS-986168
* Biogen Inc - Biogen will be responsible for full development and global commercialization of bms-986168 in ad and psp
* Biogen Inc - to assume all remaining obligations to former stockholders of Ipierian, Inc related to Bristol-Myers Squibb's acquisition of company in 2014
* Biogen Inc - may pay up to $550 million in remaining milestones plus royalties including a near term $60 million milestone
* Biogen Inc - announced an agreement to exclusively license BMS-986168 from Bristol-Myers Squibb Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 Quality Care Properties Inc
* Entered into a forbearance agreement with its principal tenant, Hcr III Healthcare, Llc and its parent HCR Manorcare
* Agreement would require HCR Manorcare to make cash rent payments of $32 million for each of April, May, June of 2017 - SEC filing
* Agreement requires HCR Manorcare to deliver 2016 audited financial statements, auditor consent to QCP not later than april 10, 2017
* To provide HCR Manorcare with temporary secured extension of credit of upto $7 million/month during each of april,may, june of 2017
* During agreement's term, co, HCR Manorcare intend to engage in discussions concerning long-term restructuring of master lease terms
* 2016 audited financial statements, auditor consent of HCR expected to include 'going concern' exception for HCR Manorcare Further company coverage:
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
What does the winter weather have in store for you? There's good and bad news in NIWA's latest outlook
Find out all the information for your region in NIWA's May to July outlook.
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A public meeting will take place next Monday (9/7) as part of a campaign to secure a second-level Educate Together school for Galway.
Earlier this year, (13/4) the Department of Education approved plans for a new secondary school for the Galway/Oranmore catchment area.
The department has recently launched an online voting system to determine the school's prefered model of patronage.
Four patrons have applied to run the new school – Educate Together, Scoil Sinéad Limited, the GRETB and the Bishop of Tuam, Killala & Achonry.
It's expected the new school would open in 2019.
The campaign behind Educate Together's bid is urging eligible parents to attend the meeting on Monday at 8pm in The Maldron Hotel Oranmore.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
BANGKOK, April 12 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - In 2016, the Earth experienced its hottest year since the 1880s when modern records began, marking the third consecutive year of record-high temperatures. Less than four months into 2017, parts of Australia and India are already in the throes of heat waves.
While sunny skies may be synonymous with summer fun in some parts of the world, too much heat can be fatal.
It is estimated that between 15,000 and 19,000 people died during France's heat wave of 2003, while the United States' Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said some 600 Americans died every year from exposure to extreme heat between 1999 and 2010.
The Thomson Reuters Foundation spoke to half a dozen climate scientists to understand what rising temperatures mean for human health. Here are some key facts and figures:
* Hotter days and nights, and heat waves will become more common. Multiple studies have found that heat waves are happening more frequently, while cold spells declined in urban areas in the last 40 years.
* Extreme heat can cause heat-related illnesses, such as heat stroke and exhaustion, and increase mortality. It can also exacerbate existing health conditions. Heat stress occurs when the body absorbs more heat than is tolerable.
* The total number of days on which heat reaches "health-threatening levels" will rise rapidly over the next several decades, noted one study by the Institute for Social and Environmental Transition-International (ISET-International) and the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR). Another recent study by British researchers warned that conditions that have challenged and overwhelmed people in the most heat-stressed regions could become "much more frequent", while population growth will make things worse.
* Urban centres in the developing world will be hit hardest. They tend to be hotter than rural areas due to factors including population density, pollution from industrial activities, and the presence of buildings and machinery that create heat. This "urban heat island" effect is well known, but will worsen with rising temperatures.
* New populations will become heat-stressed while those already exposed to dangerous levels of heat will be subject to harmful conditions more often, scientists say.
* With a temperature rise of 1.5 degrees Celsius, cities in China, India, Bangladesh, Ivory Coast, Nigeria, Vietnam and Myanmar will regularly start to experience heat stress, according to the UK study.
* If global temperature rise hits 2.7 degrees Celsius, Tokyo, Beijing and Manila will also be affected, while a 4 degree rise would see New York and Rio de Janeiro join the club.
* Southeast Asia faces a 16 percent loss of labour capacity in the next three decades due to heat stress, said a study by risk consultancy Verisk Maplecroft. A separate report by the U.N. Development Programme, International Labour Organisation and the Climate Vulnerable Forum said emerging economies could lose as much as 10 percent of their daytime working hours due to searing temperatures.
* The World Health Organization (WHO) has estimated that without adaptation measures, there will be nearly 65,000 additional deaths annually among people over 65 due to heat exposure in 2030, with the greatest impacts in Asia-Pacific.
* Humidity levels and night-time temperatures play an important - but often neglected - role, because they influence the body's ability to cool down. Daytime peak temperatures can be dealt with partially by seeking shade and sweating, but it is harder to act at night.
* According to the WHO, ideal room temperature should be below 32 degrees Celsius during the day and under 24 degrees Celsius at night.
* Rice, Asia's staple food, is highly susceptible to heat stress, with yields plummeting if temperatures are above 35 degrees Celsius for 10 days during the reproductive stage. Sources: NASA, CDC, ISET-International, ISET-Pakistan, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America (PNAS), NCAR, WHO, Verisk Maplecroft, Climate Vulnerable Forum, International Centre for Climate Change and Development (Reporting by Thin Lei Win, editing by Megan Rowling; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, corruption and climate change. Visit www.trust.org)
James Woods has found the most unusual way ever to take a final bow.
The 70-year-old actor announced his plans to retire from acting via his real estate agent when he put his Exeter, Rhode Island, property up for sale.
Agent Allen Gammons told the Providence Journal, that the actor is “retiring from the entertainment industry and seeking to ‘simplify his life' by selling ‘his many real estate holdings on both coasts.'”
Gammons revealed the actor's brother and mother recently died, and that he hoped to spend time on photography, antiquing and playing Texas Hold'em poker, according to the Journal. Woods owns four homes in Rhode Island.
The property, which boasts two lakefront houses, is listed for $1.39 million.
The actor is most known for roles in Casino, Once Upon a Time in Mexico, The Virgin Suicides, and Videodrome.
He came under fire for criticizing the age gap between romantic leads in an upcoming film, Call Me by Your Name, as the love interests were a 24-year-old man and a17-year-old man.
Amber Tamblyn responded on Twitter, revealing that Woods tried to pick her and a friend up when she was 16. When she said she'd disclosed her age to him, Woods allegedly responds, “Even better.
May 2 Reliance Communications Ltd
* Reliance Infratel gets its shareholders' approval with 98% majority for demerger of tower business to Brookfield Infrastructure Group
* Says RCom to receive upfront cash payment of INR 110 billion (US$ 1.7 billion)
* Combination of RCom's wireless business with Aircel and monetisation of towers business to together cut co's debt by nearly 70%
* Says RCom to also get ‘B' class non voting shares in towerco providing 49% future economic upside from the business
* Says co's telecom towers demerged into TIPL will be 100% owned and independently managed by Brookfield Infrastructure
* RCom and Reliance Jio to continue as long term tenants of the TIPL along with other existing third party telecom operators. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A grieving widow got an extra special gift from her family this holiday season after she lost her husband of 64 years to cancer.
Video footage shared on Facebook shows the elderly woman bursting into tears as her family presented her with the pillow, a red cushion with black, white and gray stripes.
“This is a shirt I used to wear and whenever you hold it know I am there. Love, Bill,” read a patch in the corner of the pillow.
In a Facebook post on the Love What Matters page, one family member revealed that their grandfather learned in February that he had lung cancer. He passed away in March after just a few weeks of treatment.
Love What Matters/Facebook
“I decided to get this sweater made into a pillow because he always wore it on Christmas Eve, and this is our first Christmas without him,” the post read.
“It's been 9 months without him, and it's going to be hard for my nanny — especially because they have been together for 64 years.”
Wife Breaks Pregnancy News to Husband with Surprise Photo Shoot — and His Reaction Is Priceless
The grieving widow hugged the pillow tight as she cried and thanked her children. She told them: “I'll cherish [it] my whole life.”
The footage has been viewed more than 300,000 times and, in the post, the family member wrote of an important lesson learned from the grandmother.
“My nanny always tells us to say, ‘I love you' every day because you never know when it will be the last time you say, ‘I love you' to your spouse or your family member,” the Facebook post reads.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
SAN FRANCISCO — Tesla dropped a standard new-car braking test it saw as unnecessary as it pushed to make an elusive production target for its Model 3 sedans last week.
The so-called "brake and roll" test was halted early on June 26, according to Business Insider.
"I can't even figure out a good reason to ever bypass this," Dave Sullivan, manager of product analysis for AutoPacific, said in an email to USA Today. "For a company that is under such immense scrutiny for safety, there is zero reason to bypass anything related to brakes now."
Tesla, based south of San Francisco in Palo Alto, Calif., has faced scrutiny for a series of accidents involving its Autopilot system, which handles some of the driving chores but requires driver oversight.
Tesla spokesperson Dave Arnold said that the test was redundant because the company drives every Model 3 on its test track, where it checks brakes, alignment and other aspects of the car that would impact its overall safety.
"Every car we build goes through rigorous quality checks and must meet exacting specifications, including brake tests," Arnold said in a statement. "There are no exceptions."
Investors were buoyed by the news earlier in the week that CEO Elon Musk had hit his long-promised output of 5,000 Model E's — the $35,000-and-up Model 3 is considered critical to the company's financial success — by Musk's second quarter deadline. But some analysts warned that the level, which included Tesla setting up a tent for additional production, wasn't sustainable.
CFRA Research downgraded Tesla stock to "sell."
In a note Tuesday, GBH Insights analyst Daniel Ives called the "brake and roll" news "a potential gut punch to the bulls that now worry about sustainability and speed bumps ahead on the Model 3 front."
Ives still rates the stock a buy with a $375 target due largely to the recent positive news about Model 3. But, he said, "the knee jerk reaction from the Street's perspective is clearly a concern that neutralizes some of the long awaited good news from reaching the key 5,000 per week goal."
× State Board of Corrections to provide Va. inmates free menstrual supplies
RICHMOND, Va. — A bill that requires Virginia jails and prisons to provide inmates with free feminine hygiene products such as pads and tampons will take effect on July 1.
Gov. Ralph Northam signed House Bill 83, after first making a recommendation regarding language of the bill. It was reenrolled last week and then enacted.
The bill, introduced by Del. Kaye Kory, D-Fairfax, received unanimous approval in the Senate Rehabilitation and Social Services Committee.
According to the Capital News Service, other legislation this session to remove the sales tax on feminine hygiene products, along with bills for exemptions during the state's three-day tax-free period in August and year-round failed to advance past House committees.
“It's appalling that this was ever even an issue,” said Katrina Reid, a supporter of HB 83, in a CNS report.
Currently, the Virginia Department of Corrections and some local and regional jails offer pads to inmates for free; however, tampons must be purchased. The cost to prisons will be included in the department's budget and was estimated at $33,769. The cost has yet to be determined for jails.
The State Board of Corrections will be responsible for creating the feminine hygiene policy in the correctional facilities, CNS reported. Some states such as Arizona and Colorado offer inmates menstrual supplies but limit the number of pads and tampons allowed per month. The board has not yet decided whether it will set such a limit, according to CNS.
Last year, Senators Cory Booker (D-New Jersey), Elizabeth Warren (D-Massachusetts, Kamala Harris (D-California) and Richard Durbin (D-Illinois) partnered to introduce the Dignity for Incarcerated Women Act, a bill that would help address the inhumane and unjust conditions that incarcerated women face. That bill, which was drafted with the help of women who had spent time in prison themselves, spurred intense dialogue among federal lawmakers and advocates on and all across the country.
Shortly after the Dignity for Incarcerated Women Act was introduced, the Federal Bureau of Prisons issued a memo making tampons and pads available free of charge to all incarcerated women in federal prison.
**CNN Wire contributed to this report***
** Tianna Mosby/Capital News Service contributed to this report**
Capital News Service is a flagship program of VCU's Robertson School of Media and Culture. Students participating in the program provide state government coverage for Virginia's community newspapers and other media outlets, under the supervision of Associate Professor Jeff South.
A woman in Tempe, Arizona, was struck and killed Sunday night by a self-driving Uber car as she crossed the street, The New York Times reports.
Following the accident, which occurred around 10:00 p.m. yesterday, Uber suspended testing of their self-driving cars in Tempe, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Numerous news outlets, including NBC News and the Associated Press, identified the woman as 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, who died from her injuries at the hospital.
“Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident,” Uber wrote in a statement on Twitter on Monday.
Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We're fully cooperating with @TempePolice and local authorities as they investigate this incident. — Uber Comms (@Uber_Comms) March 19, 2018
According to the Tempe Police Department, the car was in autonomous mode with a human safety driver at the wheel when the woman was struck while crossing the street outside of a crosswalk.
Uber's CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi, tweeted about the incident on Monday, writing: “Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happen.”
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona. We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened. https://t.co/cwTCVJjEuz — dara khosrowshahi (@dkhos) March 19, 2018
According to The Wall Street Journal, the National Transportation Safety Board and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration are sending teams to Tempe to investigate the incident.
The incident is believed to be the first known death of a pedestrian by an autonomous vehicle, according to several outlets.
Uber launched their self-driving vehicles in the fall of 2016. “Automated technology is already a part of our daily lives. At Uber, we've got lots of people helping to get hundreds of our self-driving cars out on the road. Thanks to them, we've logged over 1 million miles under their tires,” the company wrote in October 2017.
The self-driving vehicles include 360-degree cameras, lasers, and radars, according to Uber. “Our vehicle operators are extensively trained to handle everything from a thunderstorm to a gaggle of geese crossing the road so you can ride comfortably knowing that our team is committed to keeping you safe,” the company wrote.
(Reuters Health) - - A large proportion of older Americans will need assistance managing their medicines and finances as they age, and they need to plan for these changes along with their families, researchers say.
Among people in their late 60s who had no trouble managing their medications, for example, one in 10 developed difficulties over the next 10 years, the study team found. Among 85 year-olds without difficulty managing finances, seven in 10 developed a problem in the next decade.
“Most older adults want to live independently for as long as possible. The problem is, it's hard to live independently if you have difficulty managing your medications or finances,” said study coauthor Dr. Alex Smith of the University of California at San Francisco.
“Most older adults who are managing their finances and medications independently now don't know their risk of losing their ability to manage these tasks,” he told Reuters Health by email.
The ability to manage money and medications is different from many other aspects of daily functioning because it's complex and depends entirely on cognitive skills, the researchers write in Journal of the American Geriatrics Society.
To estimate the 10-year risk for older people without difficulties of developing problems in these areas, Smith and colleagues analyzed data from the long-term U.S. Health and Retirement Study. They focused on 9,434 men and women who answered questionnaires every two years between 2002 and 2012. Questions included “Do you have any difficulty managing medications?” and “Do you have any difficulty managing your money, such as paying your bills and keeping track of expenses?”
Over 10 years, they found that 1,427 people, or 15 percent, developed difficulty with managing medications and 2,824, or 30 percent, developed difficulty with managing finances. About one third of the original study group died before developing difficulty with either task.
Both gender and age were strong predictors of who would develop problems. About 21 percent of women and 16 percent of men developed a difficulty managing medications. With finances, 34 percent of men and 36 percent of women developed a problem.
Among people aged 65 to 69 at the start of the study, 23 percent developed problems managing money over the next decade. Among 85-year-olds, 40 percent developed difficulty managing medications.
“We don't help people anticipate the fact that they may lose these abilities,” said Dr. Holly Holmes of the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston, who wasn't involved with the study.
“We assess them when the abilities are already gone, and people often don't have a plan in place,” she told Reuters Health by email. “We rarely counsel 65-year-olds about their risk and how to plan for it.”
Other risk factors associated with developing a difficulty were stroked, low self-reported memory, low cognitive functioning and difficulty with other activities of daily living such as getting out of bed, eating, bathing, dressing or walking across a room.
“Day-to-day functioning is incredibly important. If you don't have these abilities and don't have someone to help you, it can threaten your life,” said Dr. Mark Lachs, director of Cornell University's Center for Aging Research in New York City, who wasn't involved with the study.
“The elephant in the room is that this study covers self-reported losses of function, so the rates are actually much higher for those who don't realize they've lost their abilities,” he told Reuters Health.
Healthcare providers and policymakers should consider screenings for medication management and financial issues as patients age, Lachs added.
“Everybody who has an older parent has a story about scams or some type of abuse,” he said. “The cost of this is extraordinary, both medically and fiscally, and we need to develop a way to provide protections but not violate individual rights as people age.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oz3HAC Journal of the American Geriatrics Society, online April 5, 2017.
April 20 ABB Ltd
* CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer says european political uncertainty having a dampening effect on economy
* Says market sentiment in the U.S. is positive but not clear enough for concrete projects Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by John Miller)
ZURICH, April 5 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.1 percent higher at 8,659 points on Wednesday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer.
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks:
ACTELION
Actelion and Johnson & Johnson said in a joint statement on Wednesday, ahead of Actelion's annual general meeting, that they held 77.2 percent of the voting rights and share capital of Actelion at the end of the offer period.
For more, click on
SYNGENTA
The China National Chemical Corp, or ChemChina, has won U.S. antitrust approval to buy Switzerland's Syngenta on condition that it divest three products, the Federal Trade Commission said on Tuesday.
For more click on
UBS
Swiss financial body FINMA said on Tuesday it had discontinued its investigation into UBS in connection with Malaysia's scandal-tainted 1MDB fund.
For more, click on
CREDIT SUISSE
* Credit Suisse Group said on Wednesday trends in its Asia Pacific division in the first quarter had been broadly similar to those seen in the final quarter of 2016.
* Credit Suisse Securities (USA), a unit of Credit Suisse, and a former investment adviser have agreed to pay about $8 million in fines to settle charges relating to improper investments, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said.
For more, click on
ROCHE
Roche said it received clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for its CINtec Histology test that should help improve consistency in the diagnosis of cervical pre-cancers.
For more, click on
GAM HOLDING
The Swiss asset manager on Wednesday urged shareholders to reject proposals from activist hedge fund investor RBR amid pressure from the group to cut costs and change chief executive.
For more, click on
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Leclanche SA said it suffered an EBITDA loss of 27.5 million Swiss francs in 2016.
* Vontobel Holding said advised client assets reached a record 157.8 billion Swiss francs ($157.50 billion) at end-February following a good overall start to 2017.
* Vaudoise Assurances Holding SA said Etienne Jornod will not stand for re-election to its board of directors at the AGM on May 8 and will not be replaced.
* WISeKey International Holding said it signed a cooperation agreement with Argentina's National Investment & Trade Promotion Agency to establish a Blockchain Center of Excellence in Buenos Aires.
ECONOMY
($1 = 1.0019 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have listed starting pitcher Steven Matz as day to day, hopeful he will not miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in his middle left finger.
Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz isn't expected to go on the disabled list.
Matz was injured while swinging the bat Tuesday in the top of the fourth. The bat flew out of his hand and pushed his middle finger far back. Though he doubled, the pain was too much for him to pitch the bottom half of the inning and he left the game.
Callaway said Matz's injury doesn't compare to Noah Syndergaard's, one that forced the ace to the disabled list on the same day with a strained ligament in his right index finger.
'You Spread a Lot of Fake News': Trump, CNN's Acosta Battle Over Charlottesville
Trump Condemns White Supremacists, KKK, Neo-Nazis by Name
When President Trump makes his first return to his New York City home since the inauguration, he will be greeted by a rat.
A New York artist created a massive inflatable "Trump rat" which he presented in front of the Plaza Hotel on Tuesday.
John Post Lee, owner of Bravin Lee art galleries in NYC/LI said he commissioned 7ft "Trump Rat" to express "disgust" pic.twitter.com/t5ONR9G354 — Laura Figueroa (@Laura_Figueroa) August 14, 2017
John Post Lee, of the Bravin Lee gallery, said he modeled his Trump rat after the blow-up rats labor unions often used to protest businesses.
"I was amazed at how effective [the rats] were. I marveled at how disgusting they were," Lee told the New York Daily News.
The large rat features Trump's signature hairstyle, a Russian flag lapel pin and cufflinks styled after the Confederate Stars & Bars.
Additional barricades were seen in front of Trump Tower, as the president plans to travel there from his golf course near Bernardsville, N.J. later Monday.
The rat joins its Washington, D.C. counterpart, an inflatable "Trump rooster" now positioned near the White House.
Lawrence Jones: We Must Call the Enemy By its Name
'Did It Hurt Anybody?': Charlottesville Suspect's Mom Shocked Over Son's Arrest
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN, Wisconsin, June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
March 30 Silgan Holdings Inc:
* Silgan Holdings Inc - co , units completed an amendment and restatement of our existing senior secured credit facility
* Silgan Holdings - amended and restated senior secured credit facility extends maturity of existing senior secured credit facility, dated as of Jan 14, 2014
* Silgan Holdings Inc - amended and restated provides multicurrency revolving loan facility for an aggregate of $1.19 billion of revolving loans, letters of credit and swingline loans Source text (bit.ly/2nEZg6n) Further company coverage:
* TAQA up again in high vole on land, higher capex
* Dubai firms and in slightly higher volumes
* Egypt follows global shares up
* Kuwait, Saudi, Qatar underperform
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, April 3 Stock markets in the Middle East diverged on Monday with Dubai and Egypt's index outperforming their peers while shares of Abu Dhabi National Energy soared again on investors' optimism that the company had turned a corner.
Shares of Abu Dhabi National Energy jumped 9.6 percent in a second day of unusually heavy trade. On Sunday its shares had surged their 15 percent daily limit.
TAQA said it had secured land from its top shareholder valued at 18.7 billion dirhams ($5.1 billion), and had increased its capital expenditure in 2017. The increase will be self-funded by cash generated by the business said the company's spokesman.
"This is the biggest clean up the company is seeing and going forward those assets – the land – will bring revenues and be converted into profits," said Mohammed Yasin, head of NBAD Securities.
"The restructuring that has happened has given investors comfort that the government is supporting the company due to its losses in oil and gas," Yasin added.
Last week TAQA reported a 2016 loss of 18.55 billion dirhams, largely fuelled by 16.9 billion dirhams post-tax impairment related to its oil and gas assets.
The index rose 0.4 percent and volumes stayed at the low levels they have been trading in over the last several weeks.
Dubai's index climbed 1.4 percent in the highest daily volumes in three weeks. The benchmark had been trading in a narrow range for most of March, and volumes had been dwindling for the last 10 sessions as most institutional investors lacked reasons to allocate funds.
On Monday, 25 shares rose while only five declined; Union Properties climbed 2.5 percent and the most traded share for a second day in a row. Other small and mid sized shares also outperformed.
Egypt's index rebounded 1.2 percent, following global shares higher. Two-thirds of shares listed on that index rose and foreign institutional investors were net buyers, exchange data showed.
Juhayna Food Industries added 1.5 percent. On Sunday a local daily paper said, citing company spokesman, the dairy maker had started operations in its new farm in the west of Egypt. The area is 10,000 feddans (10,380 acres), with investments reaching 600 million Egyptian pounds ($33.1 million).
Alongside its current products, the new facility will also be making a new milk product. The output capacity and financial impact were not stated.
UNDERPERFORMERS
Kuwait's index, which has been one the best performing stock markets in the world since the start of the year, fell 0.3 percent to 6,999 points but closed 65 points above its intra-day low.
Kuwait Food Co lost 2.3 percent but hospital manager Al Mowasat Healthcare, which had slumped as much as 6.8 percent earlier in the day as its shares went ex-dividend, rebounded 4.1 percent.
Saudi Arabia's index fell 0.3 percent in slightly lower liquidity than the previous session. Number of declining shares outnumbered advancing ones 101 to 44.
Domestic-focused shares were some of the main underperformers, with apparel retailer and mall operator Fawaz Alhokair, the worst performer on Monday, dropping 3.0 percent.
Qatar's index closed down 0.5 percent as a little over half of the 20 blue chip shares declining. Islamic lender Masraf Al Rayan was the main laggard, dropping 3.0 percent.
MONDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index edged down 0.3 percent to 6,968 points.
DUBAI
* The index added 1.4 percent to 3,539 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index edged up 0.4 percent to 4,467 points.
QATAR
* The index fell 0.5 percent to 10,344 points.
KUWAIT
* The index fell 0.3 percent to 6,999 points.
EGYPT
* The index rebounded 1.2 percent to 13,061 points.
OMAN
* The index climbed 1.1 percent to 5,597 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index edged up 0.1 percent to 1,348 points. ($1 = 3.6728 UAE dirham) ($1 = 18.1500 Egyptian pounds)
(Additional reporting Stanley Carvalho in Abu Dhabi; Editing by Jon Boyle)
By Scott T. Sterling
When he's not recording heartbreaking songs, Sam Smith can be pretty funny.
Related: Sam Smith Announces New Album ‘The Thrill of It All'
Set to serve as the musical guest on this week's episode of Saturday Night Live (Oct. 7), Smith teamed up with host Gal Gadot of Wonder Woman fame and cast member Kenen Thompson for a pair of comedic promos.
In the first, Smith even gets to deliver the punchline, as he cheekily offers a personal makeup tip.
It's Smith's second time as the musical guest on SNL, following his debut in 2014.
Watch the promos below.
(Repeat with no changes. John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2o3nRSL
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2nE69Sv
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2nDS2fR
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2o32b9q
* Chart 5: tmsnrt.rs/2o3hwqh
* Chart 6: tmsnrt.rs/2p0ZYsB
* Chart 7: tmsnrt.rs/2nE3wA5
By John Kemp
LONDON, April 5 U.S. President Donald Trump has promised to end "the war on coal" waged by the previous administration and help put coal miners back to work.
In practice, coal production and employment have been victims of the shale gas revolution rather than government regulation.
Coal-fired power generation has been steadily losing market share to natural gas since 1988, according to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
Coal accounted for 57 percent of electricity generation in 1988 but that share fell to 53 percent in 1998 and 50 percent in 2008 (tmsnrt.rs/2o3nRSL).
Gas has been the main beneficiary with its share of generation climbing from 9 percent in 1988 and 13 percent in 1998 to 20 percent in 2008.
For much of that period, coal's relative decline was cushioned by growing demand for electricity which provided an expanding market for all fuels.
Coal consumption by power producers peaked at 1.05 billion short tons in 2007, up from 758 million tons in 1988 (tmsnrt.rs/2nE69Sv).
But since then the coal industry has been hit a perfect storm of stagnating electricity demand, a sharp fall in the price of gas, and a record warm winter in 2015/16.
Coal has continued to lose out to gas in the generation system but since 2008 the decline has been absolute as well as relative terms because demand for electricity is no longer growing.
Gas prices have fallen sharply thanks to the shale revolution, encouraging power producers to build more gas-fired power plants and run them for more hours each year.
And the unusually mild winter of 2015/16 resulted in an enormous build up of coal stockpiles at power plants and a sharp reduction in new shipments from the mines (tmsnrt.rs/2nDS2fR).
The resulting wave of bankruptcies, mine closures, and job losses and layoffs crashed over the coal industry during 2015/16.
But mine closures and job losses were the result of market forces rather than job-killing government regulations introduced by the Obama administration.
MORE COAL CLOSURES
Most mining companies and coal analysts are cautiously optimistic about the outlook for production and employment in 2017/18.
Excess coal stocks at the country's power plants have been worked down and a modest rise in gas prices should encourage power producers to run gas-fired plants for fewer hours in 2017/18 (tmsnrt.rs/2o32b9q).
But the medium-term outlook for the coal industry remains poor, with more coal-fired power plants scheduled to close over the next five years to be replaced by a combination of gas and renewables.
Gas-fired generating capacity is scheduled to expand by another 8 percent over 2017/18 according to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
At the same time, more coal plants are set to close, which will cut potential demand further even if gas prices increase modestly.
The problem is that most coal-fired power plants are now growing very old and nearing the end of their service life.
The capacity-weighted average U.S. power plant started generating in 1987, according to an analysis of EIA data (tmsnrt.rs/2o3hwqh).
But the average for all power plants conceals significant differences between coal and non-coal power generating units.
The capacity-weighted average coal-fired power plant started generating in 1976 and has now been producing power for 41 years (tmsnrt.rs/2p0ZYsB).
In contrast, the average non-coal power plant started generating in 2000 and has been producing electricity for less than 17 years (tmsnrt.rs/2nE3wA5).
COAL FLEET AGEING
Most coal plants were originally planned to operate for a minimum of 25 years without significant modification and their service life can be prolonged to 40 or even 50 years.
But as plants age they are increasingly likely to suffer mechanical breakdowns and need expensive components replacing ("Life extension of coal-fired power plants", IEA, 2005).
The main problems are associated with the steam generator and the turbines, which suffer from creep, fatigue, corrosion and erosion.
Repeated heating and cooling of the system accelerates the ageing process and shortens the service life even further.
Most coal plants were designed to operate as baseload, with a limited number of cold and warm starts to reduce the thermal stress on the components.
But many are now forced to operate on a two-shift system, operating only during peak hours and then coming off load when electricity demand drops.
Two-shifting involves more starts, and much more thermal stress on the components, speeding up the ageing process.
Many of the coal-fired power plants scheduled for closure in the next five years started generating in the 1950s and 1960s and are basically wearing out.
Some of them are small-scale and relatively inefficient, burn low-quality coal, or emit lots of mercury and other air pollutants.
In most cases, there is no economic case for replacing worn out boilers and turbines or fitting new pollution-control equipment.
Power plant operators mostly plan capacity expansions and refits on a 20-year horizon or longer and few see any benefit from upgrading or adding coal-fired units.
No new coal-fired power plants are currently planned, in contrast to many additional gas-fired and renewable power units, according to notices filed with the EIA.
Even if the Trump administration tries to throw a lifeline to coal-fired power plants, its four or eight-year time-span is too short to have much impact on capacity planning.
As the existing coal fleet continues to age, more power plants are likely to be retired because they are too expensive to maintain.
The Trump administration can end the "war on coal" but it cannot halt the march of time and fatigue which is gradually culling the coal fleet.
The amount of coal-fired generation capacity will continue to shrink. Any revival in coal consumption depends on a rise in gas prices to encourage power producers to use the remainder for more hours each year.
(Editing by David Evans)
At Uruguay's base he appeared unaffected by his ignominious history at the tournament, answering questions from journalists about previous disciplinary breakdowns with no outward signs of discomfort. There seemed to be no attempts to hide anything, either.
Suarez has taken steps to address his on-field behaviour for Uruguay, he said, with the help of Oscar Tabarez, the coach and former teacher who has been in charge for Suarez's entire international career.
"Tabarez helps a lot. He's one of the best coaches in the world because of his personality, the way he helps players," Suarez said. "Personally, he has helped me a lot. Before games, he always talks to me about what goes on in my head. That's important to me. That talk I have with him is important."
For over a decade, Tabarez has worked to develop a specific team mantra in the Uruguay squad, putting emphasis on humility, work ethic and respect for others.
That has manifested itself at the team's World Cup base in Russia, a sports centre on the outskirts of Nizhny Novgorod where the players' accommodation is more like school dormitories than five-star luxury.
From the camp, stories emerge of Uruguay's best players and biggest stars being asked to clear away their own plates and cutlery after meals, wash their own boots, carry training equipment to and from the field, and, in a nod to plain good manners, start press conferences by greeting journalists with a "good morning" or "good afternoon."
Suarez also spoke about the "serenity" Tabarez brought to the squad and referred to himself, once the troublemaker, as now a veteran and a role model.
"Now I'm one of the oldest, an example ... the younger ones look up to us," Suarez said. "You get nervous (in games), but at the same time you are one of the ones who have to remain calm. You have to set a good example to the younger ones. You have learned how to handle these situations."
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By Gerald Imray, The Associated Press
April 3 Milestone Scientific Inc
* Milestone Scientific reports 10% increase in revenue for fiscal 2016
* Milestone Scientific Inc - believe still on track to receive regulatory marketing clearance in U.S. for epidural instrument in first half of 2017
* Milestone Scientific Inc - "deferred over $1 million in sales due a delayed payment in Q4, which we expect to record in 2017"
* Milestone Scientific Inc - with completion of clinical trials for epidural instrument, expect burn rate of medical subsidiary will be further reduced Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Conn's Inc:
* Conn's Inc says has formed a partnership with progressive leasing, a subsidiary of Aaron's, Inc
* Conn's Inc says has entered into an exclusive three-year agreement with progressive leasing to offer its customers progressive's lease-to-own program
* Conn's inc says expect to have progressive leasing program available in certain stores starting in May with a full rollout in early June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall; weak U.S data spurs safe-haven demand
* Weaker U.S. retail sales, consumer inflation hurt dollar * Report of Trump probe hits risk sentiment (Updates prices) By Nithin ThomasPrasad BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, supported by softer U.S. economic data and a fall in Asian shares following a report that President Donald Trump was being probed for possible obstruction of justice. Weaker U.S. retail and inflation data overshadowed a ra
April 3 Westaim Corp:
* Fairfax to make strategic investment in Westaim and to make significant portfolio investment through arena investors
* Westaim - Fairfax Financial to invest up to c$100 million in co in exchange for issuance of 5% interest bearing notes and common share purchase warrants
* Westaim Corp - Fairfax will have right to nominate one director to board of directors of Westaim
* Westaim Corp - Fairfax has also agreed to invest up to us$500 million in investments sourced by Westaim's affiliate, Arena investors, LP Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
James Arthur "assumes everyone is bisexual".
The 30-year-old musician has weighed in on the criticism surrounding Rita Ora's new single 'Girls' - which was slammed for "exploiting" bisexuality in its lyrics, despite Rita insisting she was writing from experience - and says he isn't surprised by the star's sexuality, as in this day an age he says "most girls fancy other girls".
He said: "I did see that there was quite a bit of backlash for the song. I respect people shedding light and standing up for the LGBT community - that's a great thing.
"If that's what it is, you know, and not an attempt for publicity, then fair play. I kind of assumed everyone is bisexual these days. I think most girls I know fancy other girls, it's not something unusual in 2018.
"So Rita saying I kissed a girl doesn't make me step back in amazement. It doesn't shock. Each to their own, that's great."
The 'Say You Won't Let Go' hitmaker has admitted he doesn't "feel the urge" to explore relationships with his own sex, but insists he can "appreciate a handsome man".
He added to The Sun's bizarre column: "What percentage do I have to be to appreciate a good-looking man? I definitely think a lot of guys are handsome. I don't feel the urge to act upon it but I can appreciate a handsome man for sure."
James' comments come after Rita - who recorded her new single alongside Charli XCX, Bebe Rexha, and Cardi B - received backlash from the LGBT community when it was claimed the lyrics to her song exploited bisexuality.
Recently, Charli XCX leapt to the singer's defence, insisting the song was written using a "valid" experience Rita had had with a female.
She said: "I know from when Rita invited me to be a part of the song, this song was about a specific experience that she had with a woman.
Nancy Kerrigan didn't know what to expect when she decided to share her fertility struggles with the world.
“I didn't [bring it up] because I wanted to make any kind of statement, they just asked me what was most important and that was,” the two-time Olympic figure skater, 47, told PEOPLE after Monday's episode of Dancing with the Stars of opening up on the ABC reality show last week about suffering “at least” six miscarriages on her way to becoming a mother of three.
But Kerrigan says that many people reached out to her after the segment aired last week.
“It was amazing,” said the skater, who is mom to sons Matthew, 21, and Brian, 12, and daughter Nicole, 8, with husband Jerry Solomon. “Some people said, ‘My husband and I had this conversation that we'd never had before and we didn't know. Is that how you felt?' I think it's great to be able to open something up for someone else.”
RELATED VIDEO: Highlights from Dancing With The Stars: Most Memorable Year
For more from Kerrigan — including how she coped with the media attention after she was clubbed in the knee just weeks before the 1994 Winter Olympics — pick up the current issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands now
The Olympian opens up in the current issue of PEOPLE about her miscarriages and has said she thinks it's important for people to talk about their fertility issues.
“It's something you didn't talk about then. People didn't talk about miscarriages, so I felt very alone,” she says in the issue of her own “shame” during the late '90s and early 2000s. “I think talking about any issue makes things less stressful. It helps you to realize you're not the only one and that other people go through the same things.”
Dancing with the Stars airs Mondays (8 p.m. ET) on ABC.
Before the Second World War, there was a great deal of cross fertilisation between the Czech diaspora around the world and their home country. Links with the United States were particularly strong. Chicago's mayor Anton Cermak – or Čermák – famously visited Prague in 1932 and in our archives we still have a recording of him greeting Czechoslovak Radio listeners in his American Czech. Cermak is probably the most famous Chicago Czech, but he is just the tip of the iceberg. Martin Nekola has written a book that aims to map the role of Czechs in the city, so I began our conversation by asking him to tell us more.
“After Prague, Brno and Vienna it was the fourth largest Czech city in the world. The census talked about 130,000 Czechs in the 1930s living in Chicago and over 70,000 living in suburbs like Cicero and Berwyn. So yes, the Chicago area has a really strong Czech history.”
Chicago also had a mayor of Czech origin.
“Yes. It was mayor Anton Cermak, who was born in Kladno, and he moved as a young boy with his parents to North America. He used to work in the coalmines and then he started to be interested in politics and in 1931 he became mayor.”
So, it's a classic story of a self-made man…
“Exactly. And he was very popular, not just among Czechs but also among the Polish, Jewish, German and Irish communities living in the city, because he was really taking care of their needs and of their problems, unlike the former mayor, the Republican ‘Big Bill' Thompson, who was famous for his corruption affairs and for laundering the city's money.”
It must have been a very difficult time to be mayor of Chicago. There are all the myths of the Mafia, the gangs and the shootings…
“It was the time of prohibition, and mayor Cermak was a strong opponent, because he logically presumed that it would cause a lot of other troubles – for example, the increase in the power of the Mafia, Al Capone and the other gangsters.”
And he ended up paying a high price.
“He was assassinated in Florida in 1933. History says that it was an assassination attempt on the newly-elected president Franklin Delano Roosevelt, but some people say it was also an assassination attempt on Cermak.”
What do you think?
“I don't know. I guess both ways are possible.”
Anton Cermak is the tip of the iceberg. What about other Czechs in Chicago, both at that time and after the Second World War?
“Well, there were many politicians, artists, scientists, engineers, businessmen. You could write a thousand-page encyclopedia about Czechs in Chicago. The book I wrote about Czech Chicago is just a short version of it, with just a hundred pages, to present the most important information, the most important affairs, organisations and people, because it is such an incredible history, starting around the 1850s and lasting until now. But I guess it's just the first step, because last year I was in Cleveland, in a few weeks I'm going to visit Saint Louis and Milwaukee and Madison. I'm going to New York twice a year, and each of these cities has its own Czech history. You can find the records and materials on many Czech organisations and newspapers. I guess it's still a half-forgotten part of our Czech history.”
When you are in Chicago do you still feel this hint of Czechness?
“There is still the school of Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk, still teaching the Czech language and Czech culture, we have a Czech consulate there, there is a Czech trade office and once a year there is a picnic in Brookfield, where all the Czech associations still active in the Chicago area meet and present Czech culture to the Americans. You can hear Czech songs there. It's part of the Czech presence abroad.”
Mayor Cermak visited Czechoslovakia in 1932. Did Czechs in Chicago continue to exercise influence back home, or were the two sides completely cut off by the Cold War?
“When Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk came to Chicago in 1918 it was a huge event, and then during the First Czechoslovak Republic there were strong connections. There were cultural exchanges, student exchanges, etc., etc. It's also forgotten that Edvard Beneš, as a private person, visited Chicago in spring 1939.”
To put this in a historical context, this was six months after Beneš had resigned as Czechoslovak president following Hitler's annexation of the Sudetenland. We're talking about the time when Germany occupied what was left of the Czech Lands in March 1939.
“Exactly. And in Chicago Beneš started his anti-Nazi resistance, because the first money he collected was from the Chicago Czechs. They asked him, “Please, Mr President, be in charge of the anti-Nazi resistance.” So, all of this happened in Chicago in spring 1939. But history is cruel. Do you think someone expressed gratitude to Chicago Czechs after the war in 1945? I don't think so. After that time the connection wasn't so strong. The opinions of Chicago Czechs on the events of February 1948 and the communist coup were a bit different, because part of the community thought it was the rightful ending of the struggle of poor people and of workers for justice, and part thought it was just a crime. The politicians who tried to establish the structures of the anti-communist exile after 1948 weren't in the same position as Masaryk during the First World War or Beneš during the Second World War because they just didn't get the same strong support from Chicago Czechs and the other compatriots abroad.”
Following the four decades of very difficult relations between Czechoslovakia and Chicago, what happened after 1989? Did everything just open up again or were the barriers too big to make it possible to return to the spirit that you talk about between the wars?
“Actually, in the 1970s there was a travel agency, run by one Czech living in Chicago, offering trips to Czechoslovakia. A lot of Czechs in the area paid for a trip to Central Europe and Czechoslovakia. So there were relations of some kind during the communist regime. After the fall of the Iron Curtain, President Havel visited Chicago in the early 1990s and the cultural exchange was re-established.”
Was there also an element of mistrust?
“Yes, and I guess that Czechs had – and still have – a weird relationship to the Czechs living abroad, because they consider them as someone who was lying in bed for forty years and getting US dollars, while the rest of the population was suffering here under the communist regime. So we still need to work on this.”
To move on to another subject, which I know is very close to your heart, you have been doing a lot of research into a Czech journalist and politician who most of our listeners probably won't have heard of. His name was Rudolf Kopecký and he died in 1981 in London. He was very influential during the First Republic, up to the time of the Munich Agreement and then consequently in exile. Tell us a little about your research.
“Rudolf Kopecký wrote his memoirs, consisting of 2,350 pages, depicting the history of the First Czechoslovak Republic, the First World War, and then the years of World War Two and the anti-Nazi resistance, and then the Czechoslovak anti-communist exile. What is incredible is that the material was lying in the archives in London and Chicago for decades and it has never been published. Kopecký was working as a journalist for many newspapers and magazines in the First Republic, and he belonged to the National Democratic Party of Karel Kramář, which was always opposed to the political mainstream and to the politics of Edvard Beneš. So the memoirs are very interesting, because he's writing about backstage negotiations between political parties and what happened during elections in Czechoslovakia. And then in 1939 he left, first to Poland, then to France and then to Great Britain, where he joined the Czechoslovak Army. He didn't come back after 1945 because he was against the pro-Soviet orientation of Czechoslovak politics. He remained in Great Britain and he was behind the foundation of many exile organisations and periodicals. But this history is almost forgotten.”
The image of the pre-war First Czechoslovak Republic is very much built on the tandem of President Masaryk and Edvard Beneš, who for many years was foreign minister and then himself became president. We tend to ignore or the other political currents that were in Czechoslovak society at the time. What was so important about someone like Rudolf Kopecký in that context?
“Kopecký didn't like Beneš, we have to say it openly, and he didn't like his foreign policy. He thought that Beneš was very successful during the First World War and then in the Paris Peace Conference…”
… in negotiating the very fact that Czechoslovakia came into existence…
“…exactly, but then Kopecký didn't consider the system of agreements with Great Britain and France very useful and very practical. Instead of this, Kopecký wanted Czechoslovakia to be focused also on relations with Poland and with Austria, and to build some strong alliance in Central Europe to face the German and the Soviet threat. But this didn't happen, and we know what happened in 1938, with the Munich Conference and the threats of both allies, France and Great Britain.”
So you are saying that history proved him right.
“I think so.”
During the Second World War, Rudolf Kopecký found himself in London. The prime mover in London was the president-in-exile Edvard Beneš. In the course of the war, out of the fear that Czechoslovakia might not be reinstated after the war within its pre-1938 borders, Beneš made all sorts of overtures to the Soviet Union. This was where the two fundamentally parted company.
“Yes. Kopecký had an offer after the war to come back to Czechoslovakia and become editor-in-chief of a newspaper, but he refused, exactly because of this. As far back as 1943 when the Czechoslovak-Soviet treaty was signed, he warned that it was not a good move and would cause a lot of trouble in the near future. And again he was right. He joined the anti-Beneš opposition in London, along with General Lev Prchala and others who also felt that a pro-Soviet orientation was not a good idea, but their position and role in exile wasn't as strong as they predicted because the British authorities didn't recognise them as the official exile.”
You talk about Rudolf Kopecký's almost uncanny gift for predicting what was going to go wrong in the 1930s and 1940s. Are many of the things that he wrote in the course of his life still relevant?
“We can see that he was talking about propaganda, about the hidden interests of political parties and politicians, and about untruth in the press and in broadcasting. So it's still relevant today.”
Rudolf Kopecký is virtually forgotten, but you are in the process of editing and putting together his memoirs. You hope to publish the book next year, but you still have a way to go.
“You can imagine that to process even part of the 2,000 pages of text is not very easy. I'm adding the footnotes and explanations, because some people and events have to be reminded to the broader public. But I guess that by the end of the year we might be finishing the text and then hopefully next spring the book could be printed and published.”
April 10 Shanghai Tofflon Science and Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 20 percent to 40 percent, or to be 51.8 million yuan to 69.1 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (86.4 million yuan)
* Says extended cycle and progress of revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/xcA8h5
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
MUMBAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Indian bonds recovered all intraday losses following a report that the central bank might conduct open market purchases to support the government's borrowing programme.
The Reserve Bank of India might undertake open market operations to support the bond market and the budgeted bond buybacks are also likely to be completed by March, local newswire Newsrise said, citing an official.
The news pulled down the 10-year benchmark bond yield to 7.55 percent. The yield had risen to a high of 7.68 percent earlier in the day, the highest since February 2016 on worries that the RBI might come out with a hawkish policy next week.
The paper had ended at 7.6 percent on Thursday. (Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury; Editing by Sunil Nair)
(Refiles to fix story tag for some subscribers)
DETROIT May 3 Automotive supplier Delphi Automotive Plc on Wednesday reported a higher quarterly net profit due to higher revenue in all regions and announced it would spin off its powertrain unit into a separate company.
The company reported a quarterly net profit from continuing operations of $335 million or $1.24 per share, up from $320 million or $1.15 per share a year earlier. (Reporting By Nick Carey. Editing by Jane Merriman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 TOA Corp:
* Says it has named Kazuhiro Takeuchi as the new President of the company, to replace Kenji Itani, the current Chairman of the Board in the company
* Effective date June 22
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/0HEA1i
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Levar Stoney spent his first day as Richmond mayor touring three public schools. There he greeted children on their way in after winter break.
Stoney stopped at John Marshal High School, Martin Luther King Middle School, and Oak Grove-Bellemeade Elementary School Monday morning.
"I want all our kids to succeed and it begins at the top," he said at Oak Grove-Bellemeade Elementary School. "I wanted to make a statement by being here today."
Improving schools in Richmond was a focus of Stoney's mayoral campaign.
"We hear about a lot of negativity from Richmond Public Schools, but if you were at Marshall or MLK or here at Oak Grove, you'll see there are kids succeeding here despite the odds or circumstances,” he said.
Last month, Richmond Schools Superintendent Dr. Dana Bedden requested $22.7 million in additional funding for the school system next year. The money, he said, would address an array of needs like increasing teacher salaries, hiring foreign language teachers, and helping students who are not meeting state benchmarks.
Stoney said while they are in the very early stages of the budget process, he felt optimistic.
"I think every person I talked to during the campaign season said education was their number one issue. So we have to get together and actually create some measures and goals on where we're going to go. And we're beginning that process today,” he said.
Stoney was joined by Richmond School Board chairman Jeffrey Bourne.
"I'm extremely excited about what the year to come is going to bring,” Bourne said. "Money isn't going to solve all of our problems, but it will help build a school system that our children deserve and our parents expect."
Parents like Lakeisha Whitfielt.
Whitfielt and her family just moved to Richmond from New York. Monday was her daughter's first day of 5th grade in Richmond.
"She was kind of nervous... but the good thing is we got to meet the mayor," Whitfielt said. "It was just exciting to know what someone is young and ready to make change. Something positive."
Stoney said he intended to keep his campaign promise to visit each school in Richmond at least once a year.
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Scoreboard at close of play of semi final 2 between Adelaide Strikers and Melbourne Renegades on Friday at Adelaide, Australia Adelaide Strikers win by 1 run Adelaide Strikers 1st innings Jono Dean c Kieron Pollard b Chris Tremain 19 Jake Weatherald c Jon Holland b Kieron Pollard 57 Travis Head Not Out 85 Colin Ingram c Tim Ludeman b Joe Mennie 1 Jonathan Wells b Dwayne Bravo 5 Jake Lehmann c Joe Mennie b Jack Wildermuth 2 Michael Neser Not Out 4 Extras 1b 0lb 1nb 0pen 3w 5 Total (20.0 overs) 178-5 Fall of Wickets : 1-19 Dean, 2-123 Weatherald, 3-135 Ingram, 4-149 Wells, 5-159 Lehmann Did Not Bat : Nielsen, Khan, Siddle, Laughlin Bowling Ov Md Rn Wk Econ Ex Tom Cooper 3 0 28 0 9.33 Chris Tremain 4 0 36 1 9.00 2w Joe Mennie 4 0 21 1 5.25 Dwayne Bravo 4 0 47 1 11.75 1nb Jack Wildermuth 4 0 37 1 9.25 1w Kieron Pollard 1 0 8 1 8.00 ...................................................... Melbourne Renegades 1st innings Cameron White c Peter Siddle b Michael Neser 2 Marcus Harris c Jake Weatherald b Travis Head 45 Tim Ludeman c Jake Lehmann b Rashid Khan 28 Tom Cooper Not Out 36 Dwayne Bravo c Jono Dean b Ben Laughlin 26 Kieron Pollard Not Out 29 Extras 2b 3lb 0nb 0pen 6w 11 Total (20.0 overs) 177-4 Fall of Wickets : 1-10 White, 2-81 Harris, 3-87 Ludeman, 4-139 Bravo Did Not Bat : Wildermuth, Webster, Tremain, Mennie, Holland Bowling Ov Md Rn Wk Econ Ex Travis Head 4 0 27 1 6.75 1w Michael Neser 4 0 45 1 11.25 2w Peter Siddle 2 0 22 0 11.00 Rashid Khan 4 0 28 1 7.00 Ben Laughlin 4 0 31 1 7.75 1w Colin Ingram 2 0 19 0 9.50 ................................ Umpire Shawn Craig Umpire Phillip Gillespie Video Greg Davidson Match Referee Robert Stratford
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Jemtec Inc:
* JEMTEC REACHES COMMENCEMENT IN MCSCS CONTRACT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON | President Donald Trump struck false notes in addressing Puerto Rico's crisis in recent days, exaggerating both the ferocity of a truly ferocious hurricane and the pace of recovery. He also seemed to raise false hope that the territory's staggering debt would go away.
A look at his remarks during and after his visit to the hurricane-ravaged island:
TRUMP: “This has been the toughest one. This has been a Category 5, which — few people have ever even heard of a Category 5 hitting land. But it hit land and, boy, did it hit land.” — remarks Tuesday in Puerto Rico.
THE FACTS: As terrible as it was, Maria actually made landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane, not 5. Winds were at 155 mph (249 kph), not 157 (253), the minimum for Category 5. It's a distinction no doubt lost on Puerto Ricans — the storm was even stronger than Harvey and Irma upon landfall, said National Hurricane Center spokesman Dennis Feltgen. But, “operationally it was a Category 4 hurricane.”
Trump has repeatedly misstated the record. A week earlier, he said: “It actually touched down as a Category 5. People have never seen anything like that, and it was dead center.” And: “The second one hit Puerto Rico as a Category 5. I don't believe anybody's ever seen that happen before, hit land with that kind of velocity.”
Trump also said at one point that Maria had winds of 200 mph (322 kph). No official reports put the winds that strong.
His supposition that no other hurricane has made landfall with such velocity is wrong, even when limiting the scope of the comparison to the United States. Maria's winds at landfall were exceeded by three Category 5 hurricanes that came ashore on the U.S. mainland: in the Florida Keys in 1935, Camille in 1969 and Andrew in 1992. And Maria wasn't the strongest recorded hurricane to hit Puerto Rico. Hurricane San Felipe was. It made landfall in 1928 as a Category 5.
___
TRUMP on Puerto Rico's debt: “We're going to have to wipe that out. … I don't know if it's Goldman Sachs, but whoever it is, you can wave goodbye to that.” — to Fox News on Tuesday.
THE FACTS: Washington doesn't have the authority to force investors to take massive losses, if that's what he meant. And Trump's budget director, Mick Mulvaney, said afterward: “We are not going to be offering a bailout for Puerto Rico or for its current bondholders.”
Much of the $74 billion debt is tied up in court-supervised restructuring since Puerto Rico sought a form of bankruptcy protection last year. Brian Setser, a former Treasury official who worked on Puerto Rico's debt crisis, said the court process is likely to yield significant debt reduction, but “it is not something that the president can make happen.”
Trump's remark contributed to a plunge in Puerto Rico's bond prices. Falling bond prices are a sign that investors may be less likely to be repaid — something that usually makes it more expensive for governments and companies to borrow.
Although the type of federal hurricane recovery aid that Puerto Rico receives could influence how debt repayment unfolds, that's not a bailout and creditors won't be paid anytime soon.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Thursday that Puerto Rico will “have to go through that process” set up during the Obama administration “to have a lasting recovery and growth.” There was no hint in her comments that Trump plans an initiative to make the debt disappear.
___
TRUMP: “Who needs a flashlight? … Flashlights, you don't need 'em anymore. You don't need 'em anymore.” — while handing out flashlights and tossing rolls of paper towels to a crowd in Puerto Rico on Tuesday.
THE FACTS: It's possible his particular audience did not need flashlights, but many Puerto Ricans do. He was visiting the upscale Guaynabo neighborhood, one of the fastest to recover. But more than 90 percent of the island's electricity customers remained without power at the time, nearly two weeks after the hurricane. And those who have it back are experiencing periodic blackouts.
Trump called the recovery “nothing short of a miracle.” But the tour showed him a small slice of the island and exposed him to few critics of the relief effort. Visits to homes hammered by the storm were pre-arranged. Water shortages and despair continue in much of the island even as relief supplies have started to move faster and more gas stations start pumping again.
Even in the heart of San Juan, a few miles from Trump's path, people were hauling clothes fouled with sewage and wet mattresses out of homes still without electricity as he issued his upbeat report. They said no one has come to help them since the storm hit.
___
Associated Press writers Danica Coto and Jill Colvin in San Juan, Alexandra Olson in New York and Ken Thomas in Washington contributed to this report.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — Four of the five members of the San Diego-area congressional delegation called Wednesday for prayers for Rep. Steve Scalise,
R-Louisiana, and four others who were shot today at a ballpark in Alexandria, Virginia, while practicing for an annual charity baseball game.
Scalise, the House majority whip, was shot in the hip and underwent surgery at a hospital, which reported this afternoon that he was in critical condition. Also wounded was Zack Barth, an aide to Rep. Roger Williams, R-Texas, a former congressional staffer who now works for Tyson Foods and one Capitol Police officer assigned to protect Scalise.
Related Link: House majority whip, four others shot at Congressional Baseball practice
The gunman, James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from Belleville, Illinois, was shot and killed by the officers.
The San Diego congressional delegation — none of whom were at the shooting scene — took to Twitter shortly after the shooting.
"Asking you to join me in prayer for @SteveScalise, @CapitolPolice, their staff & others at the Congressional baseball game practice this AM,'' Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Vista, tweeted.
Asking you to join me in prayer for @SteveScalise, @CapitolPolice, their staff & others at the Congressional baseball game practice this AM — Darrell Issa (@DarrellIssa) June 14, 2017
Rep. Scott Peters, D-San Diego, wrote: "Praying for my colleagues, their staff, @CapitolPolice & others attacked this morning. Thankful for the first responders who saved lives.''
Praying for my colleagues, their staff, @CapitolPolice & others attacked this morning. Thankful for the first responders who saved lives. — Rep. Scott Peters (@RepScottPeters) June 14, 2017
From Rep. Susan Davis, D-San Diego: "Horrified by this morning's shooting. My thoughts and prayers are with my colleague @SteveScalise, those injured, and their families.''
Horrified by this morning's shooting. My thoughts and prayers are with my colleague @SteveScalise, those injured, and their families. — Rep. Susan Davis (@RepSusanDavis) June 14, 2017
Rep. Juan Vargas, D-San Diego, tweeted: "My thoughts and prayers are with Rep. Scalise, Hill staffers, Capitol Police officers, and everyone affected by this morning's shooting.''
My thoughts and prayers are with Rep. Scalise, Hill staffers, Capitol Police officers, and everyone affected by this morning's shooting. — Rep. Juan Vargas (@RepJuanVargas) June 14, 2017
Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Alpine, hasn't tweeted anything since Jan. 10.
The shooter volunteered on the failed presidential campaign of Bernie Sanders, who issued a statement denouncing the violence, and had several previous minor run-ins with law enforcement.The Belleville News-Democrat reported that Hodgkinson belonged to several anti-Republican and anti-Trump Facebook groups.
RICHMOND, Va – Laura Daab, Owner and operator of the Bikini Panini food truck stopped by to show us how to make her savory Spanish-inspired paella and paired it with a refreshing pitcher of Homemade Sangria.
https://www.bikinipanini.com/
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A $5,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the arrest of the person who shot at an off-duty Wichita police officer.
The officer was wearing his uniform while working security at the East Warren Theatre movie theater parking lot Wednesday night when the shooting occurred. He was not injured.
Crime Stoppers announced the reward Tuesday.
Police say someone driving a dark Chevy Suburban or Tahoe with its lights turned off parked behind the officer's parked vehicle and fired four to six shots before driving off.
The suspect or suspects then drove off.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
TAIPEI (Reuters) - Chinese military aircraft carried out two rounds of drills around Taiwan at the weekend, flying past its southern tip and then around its north near Japan, the self-ruled island's defence ministry said.
China has been increasingly asserting itself in territorial disputes in the South and East China Seas. It is also worried about Taiwan, which it claims as its own, but which is run by a government China fears is intent on independence.
On Sunday, two Chinese military transport aircraft flew through the Bashi Channel between Taiwan and the Philippines before going up near the Japanese island of Miyako, to Taiwan's north, where they were joined by two Chinese fighter jets, and then returned home, the ministry said.
The day before, Chinese bombers and transport aircraft flew the same route, while Chinese fighters and airborne early warning aircraft flew only through the Bashi Channel, the ministry added.
Taiwan's forces monitored the drills and responded appropriately, the ministry said, adding there was no cause for alarm.
China has yet to comment on the drills, but its air force has carried out several rounds of long-distance training exercises around Taiwan and the southern Japanese islands in recent months.
Beijing has never ruled out the use of force to bring Taiwan under its control, and has warned that any moves towards formal independence could prompt an armed response.China is in the midst of an ambitious military modernisation programme that includes building aircraft carriers and developing stealth fighters, to give it the ability to project power far from its shores.
(This story corrects headline and paragraph 1 to show aircraft flew around island, not over it)
Jamie Otis and Doug Hehner‘s “little egg” is on its way to hatching!
The Married at First Sight couple had a little fun with Otis' pregnancy on Easter Sunday, sharing a couple of adorable photos of the mom-to-be's growing baby belly painted like an Easter egg.
“Happy Easter!🐰 Love, our little egg🐣👶🏼,” Otis, 30, captioned one snap of Hehner kissing her tummy.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Hoppy Easter!🐰 Love, our little egg🐣👶🏼 A post shared by Doug Hehner (@doughehner) on Apr 16, 2017 at 6:42pm PDT
The proud papa-to-be posted a similar snap to his own Instagram account, showing the couple laughing while Hehner's nose is covered in purple paint.
“Hoppy Easter!🐰 Love, our little egg🐣👶🏼,” he wrote alongside the sweet moment.
Otis and Hehner are expecting their rainbow baby in August. Speaking to PEOPLE exclusively in January, Otis said, “Doug and I have been praying and not so patiently waiting to have our rainbow baby since we lost our first born, Johnathan Edward, in July 2016.”
FROM COINAGE: The Bachelor Engagement Rings Cost How Much?!
Whether their new little addition is a boy or girl, his or her name may already be chosen. As Otis told PEOPLE in February, the spouses are partial to “Henley” — and not because of the famous Don.
“When Doug and I first got married — we were married at first sight, so we didn't obviously know each other very well — and the first morning, we wake up and he goes, ‘You're Jamie Nicole Otis, and I'm … ‘Douglas Edward Henley?' ” she explained.
“After we fell in love, we would laugh about it all the time,” Otis continued. “He'd always pick on me that he knew my whole name, but I couldn't remember his.”
The couple will reveal the sex of their baby Tuesday, April 25, on the FYI series Married Life.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Other things to know when Pittsburgh visits Syracuse on Saturday:
DYNAMIC DUO: Record-setting receiver Amba Etta-Tawo, a transfer from Maryland, completed his one-year Syracuse career last November against Pitt with 13 receptions for 178 yards and five touchdowns. The Orange don't figure to miss a beat with senior wideouts Steve Ishmael and Erv Philips.
Ishmael has eclipsed 100 yards receiving in every game and leads the nation with 10.2 catches per game while Philips is third at 8.8. The two have a combined 95 catches for 1,052 yards and four TDs.
MAX IS BACK ... MAYBE: The two-man tug of war at quarterback for Pitt appears to be over. Graduate transfer Max Browne put the competition between himself and sophomore Ben DiNucci to rest -- for now -- after lighting up Rice for 410 yards and four touchdowns.
"Max is back, and we've just got to keep him that way, and we've got to be able to throw the ball this weekend, for sure," Narduzzi said.
For the first time all season, Browne had the time and the confidence to go deep regularly. Four different receivers had at least one reception of at least 20 yards against Rice. The Panthers entered the game near the bottom of the country in yards per completion.
UNDER ATTACK: The Panthers are ranked 106th in the country against the pass, though that's actually an improvement over a year ago, when Pitt was next-to-last in the nation. The resume included allowing 440 yards to the Orange.
Narduzzi doesn't feel quite as wary this time around. The return of safety Jordan Whitehead from suspension and the improvement of Dane Jackson at corner have given the secondary a bit more bite.
"They want to get matchups. Sure, they are going to try to go after our safeties, and I would, too," Narduzzi said. "So we have got to shore up what we are doing with those guys, how we are doing it. And you know, they can go after the corners. I hope they go after the corners because I feel good about whom those guys are out there right now. I feel a lot better than we did last year at this game."
THE DUNGEY FACTOR: Last year backup QB Zack Mahoney started against Pitt in place of Eric Dungey, who missed the final three games of the season. Mahoney tied a school record with five TD passes and also ran for 49 yards and two TDs in finishing with 489 yards in total offence, the second-best total at Syracuse.
Dungey is much more experienced and a more dangerous dual threat, and he, too, is healthy. Dungey ranks in the top 10 nationally in completions per game (27) and total offence (342.8 yards).
DOME HOME: The Carrier Dome once was a house of horrors for Pitt. The Panthers are 8-10-1 there but 6-2 in their last eight visits. Pitt also has won 11 of the past 12 games in the series.
___
AP Sports Writer Will Graves in Pittsburgh contributed to this report.
___
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Kekis, The Associated Press
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Broadsoft Inc:
* CISCO COMPLETES ACQUISITION OF BROADSOFT
* CISCO - ‍EXPECTS THAT DELISTING OF BROADSOFT‘S COMMON STOCK FROM NASDAQ STOCK MARKET WILL FORMALLY BECOME EFFECTIVE ON FEBRUARY 12, 2018​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
*The following post is sponsored.
Millions of pets are infected each year by parasites like fleas, ticks and mosquitoes. Even worse, some of these parasites carry diseases that can be transmitted to you. Now is the time to protect your pets and family. Much like the National Weather Service can forecast turbulent weather, the Companion Animal Parasite Council projects how bad the parasite season will be. Two of the nation's top veterinarians explain what diseases pets are most susceptible this year and what you can do to keep your pet healthy.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"The Companion Animal Parasite Counsel for 2018 predicts a big year for two diseases: Heartworm and Lyme disease. When you look at the forecast maps, the country is on fire. We are seeing an incredible increase in Heartworm across the country not only in the usual endemic areas in the southeast but also across the north and even into the southwest.
Where Lyme disease is concerned, we're seeing a great deal of spread of the disease and there have been some victories in some parts of the country. Philadelphia is actually doing a bit better as far as Lyme disease goes. But what we're seeing this year is a spread of Lyme disease carrying ticks across the country. For example, I'm based in Dallas, Texas, and even in areas like that where we don't typically think of Lyme disease as an issue, we are seeing pockets of the disease occurring there."
So as pet owners, what can we do to protect our pets?
"The best thing you can do is see your pet's doctor at least annually. It's so important that these pets go to see the family doctor and that annual blood testing is done. A simple blood test can determine whether Heartworm disease or Lyme disease is present in your pets. The good news is these diseases are highly preventable with simple to use medications. Your pet's doctor will be the local expert, using the Companion Animal Parasite Maps to know what risk factors exist in your area."
So given that information, is year round parasite protection really important?
"It is. It's very important and actually the cost of doing year round parasite protection is far less than actually having the expense of treating these very dangerous and potentially fatal diseases."
Check out petsandparasites.org for information about the prevalence and the forecasting of these diseases in your area. The website will also give you information right down to your county level, with local information about what the greatest risks are for your pets and for your family.
March 28 Guangzhou R&F Properties Co Ltd :
* On 28 March 2017, company entered into Second Commitment Letter
* Company agreed to provide a corporate guarantee in favour of bank for 25% of repayment obligations of borrower
* Loan will be used by borrower to finance construction cost of its property project in Tianjin
* Deal for principal amount of RMB3.0 billion
* Borrower is Tianjin Jinnan Xincheng Real Estate Development Co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
VILA-REAL, Spain (Reuters) - Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi fired Barcelona to a 2-0 victory over 10-man Villarreal as the leaders won for the first time in three La Liga games to stay five points clear on Sunday, while Atletico Madrid edged Real Betis 1-0.
Soccer Football - La Liga Santander - Villarreal vs FC Barcelona - Estadio de la Ceramica, Villarreal, Spain - December 10, 2017 Villarreal's Rodri in action with Barcelona's Lionel Messi REUTERS/Heino Kalis
Barça looked set for a third consecutive league draw as they created scant opportunities but they were presented with the advantage of an extra man when Villarreal midfielder Daniel Raba was given a straight red card for a wild, studs-up challenge on Sergio Busquets on the hour mark.
Barça did not take long to cash in and Suarez broke the deadlock in the 72nd minute, rounding goalkeeper Sergio Asenjo to complete a move of quick passes by Messi, Jordi Alba and substitute Paco Alcacer.
The visitors stretched their lead 11 minutes later with the help of a haphazard backpass from Victor Ruiz to Busquets, who played in Messi for his 14th league goal this campaign.
Barça leads the standings on 39 points, five clear of second-placed Valencia and six ahead of Atletico in third, while champions Real Madrid are fourth on 31.
Villarreal coach Javi Calleja said the red card was unfair on his side.
“We were playing well and managing the periods of the game but everything changed with the red card,” he told reporters.
“From the sidelines it didn't look like a red card and I‘m certain that if it had been the other way round it wouldn't have been a sending off. Raba has been punished for being a young guy.”
Barça coach Valverde said the red card was fair and praised his side for taking advantage.
Soccer Football - La Liga Santander - Villarreal vs FC Barcelona - Estadio de la Ceramica, Villarreal, Spain - December 10, 2017 Barcelona's Lionel Messi scores their second goal REUTERS/Heino Kalis
“It looked a strong challenge to me and I think the player (Raba) realised it was an excessive challenge. The player was shocked and didn't protest,” he said.
“They were well positioned and closed down all the spaces. They were dangerous on the counter, it was a game that could have gone uphill for us but we got the job done.”
Earlier, a goal by Saul Niguez racked up a third straight victory in La Liga for Atletico, who got an unconvincing win at Betis.
Slideshow (10 Images)
The Spanish midfielder slid in at the back post to meet a low cross from Sime Vrsaljko to score the only goal of the match in the 30th minute, netting for the second game in a row.
Atletico, who were eliminated from the Champions League on Tuesday after a 1-1 draw at Chelsea, were without talismanic forward Antoine Griezmann and had only two shots on target and 26 percent of possession.
Diego Simeone's side survived a huge penalty appeal for a shove by Angel Correa on forward Cristian Tello shortly before Saul's goal while Atletico goalkeeper Jan Oblak pulled off an impressive save from former Barça forward Tello in the home side's best attempt of the second half.
“Today we had very few chances and we were much more efficient. Our play was good, the result was better,” said Atletico coach Diego Simeone.
“Betis forced us to play three different systems to get more comfortable on the pitch. The good thing is that we are tactically versatile and showed our defensive strength.”
Midfielder Koke added: “Betis play spectacular football but we took advantage of the one shot we had and that's football. We had a very intense week with our trip to London and it was important we won today so we can stay near the top.”
TOKYO U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is expected to join Vice President Mike Pence for a bilateral economic dialogue in Tokyo next month, a Japanese government official with direct knowledge of preparations said on Thursday, dashing Tokyo's hope of leaving thorny issues on trade off the negotiating table.
Participants of the dialogue, led by Pence and Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso, will hold their first round of talks in Tokyo on April 18 to discuss issues ranging from macroeconomic policy, infrastructure investment and trade.
The dialogue will be a major test of U.S. President Donald Trump's confrontational approach to trade. Senior administration officials, including Ross, have signaled they would press Japan to remove non-tarrif trade barriers and buy more U.S. products.
Japan, which proposed the dialogue, had hoped to keep contentious issues like auto and agriculture trade out of the talks by proposing an agenda focused on infrastructure investment and energy.
One of Tokyo's strategy was to keep the bilateral dialogue as informal as possible so Aso can deal directly with Pence, who is regarded as having a less confrontational view on trade compared with others in the Trump administration, Japanese government officials said.
"The agenda is vague now, but if friction comes up in the future, our plan is to say let's discuss that in the Aso-Pence dialogue and then use the dialogue to diffuse any problems," one of the officials said on condition of anonymity as he was not authorized to speak publicly.
The participation of Ross heightens the chance the dialogue would serve as a venue to discuss a bilateral trade deal, which could put Japan under U.S. pressure to open up heavily-protected areas like agriculture and pharmaceuticals, the officials said.
Hiroshige Seko, Japan's ministry of economy, trade and industry, and Foreign Minister Fumiko Kishida will also join the dialogue, the government officials said.
Ross has been known to have close ties with Japan, having led a firm investing in the country since 1997 and serving as chairman of the Japan Society - a non-profit organization promoting bilateral relations, since 2010.
(Reporting by Yoshifumi Takemoto, Stanley White, Minami Funakoshi, Tetsushi Kajimoto and Leika Kihara; Editing by Michael Perry)
A police officer with the regional Integrated Road Safety Unit was knocked down by a pickup truck with a trailer while he was at the intersection of 200 Street and Fraser Highway looking for distracted drivers using cell phones. The officer's injuries were said to be relatively minor. Dan Ferguson Langley Times
A police officer hunting for distracted drivers was hit by a pickup truck Monday afternoon in the Lower Mainland.
The officer was said to be a member of the Integrated Road Safety Unit who was looking for drivers using cell phones at a busy intersection in Langley.
Police at the scene said the officer was walking in traffic just before he was hit.
One witness said it appeared the officer “got caught” on the back of the truck's trailer as it was passing by, and it pulled him to the ground.
It did not appear that the truck driver was using his phone.
The officer was taken to hospital with minor injuries as a precaution.
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
May 2 Guidance Software Inc:
* Guidance software reports 2017 first quarter financial results
* Q1 non-gaap earnings per share $0.07
* Q1 gaap loss per share $0.06
* Q1 revenue $26.8 million versus I/B/E/S view $26.8 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.05 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $112 million to $118 million
* Guidance Software Inc - company is reaffirming its guidance for year ending December 31, 2017
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $0.31, revenue view $115.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Anyone who left their clothes at the now-evicted Classic Cleaners location in Hackensack can retrieve them -- but you'd better do so soon.
Esplanade Reality, headquartered in New York, had the Passaic Street store evicted by the county in May before listing it for rent, according to a notice on the door.
Several pairs of pants and dress shirts remained inside.
Anyone who wants their clothing back can call either of two numbers: ( 201) 281-7014 (Frank) or (201) 247-6906 (Pat).
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Coconino County voters to consider judge selection process
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — Voters in a northern Arizona county will decide if five superior court judges are selected through a merit-based system.
The Arizona Daily Sun reports Coconino County supervisors decided Tuesday to ask voters on the November ballot if the judge selection process should change from a partisan election to a merit selection by appointment.
Under the merit-based system, a committee would nominate judge candidates and the governor would make the final selection. Voters would decide if judges should be retained at the end their terms.
The selection committee would include five attorneys and 10 non-lawyers from the county.
Kim Musselman, a special assistant to the county manager, says the supervisors' decision came after the proposal received support from the Coconino County Bar Association and a focus group of residents.
___
Information from: Arizona Daily Sun, http://www.azdailysun.com/
Ellen Pompeo‘s kids are future foodies!
The Grey's Anatomy star recently enjoyed a family getaway in Florence, Italy, bringing her three adorable youngsters along for the ride: Eli Christopher, 17 months, Sienna May, 3½, and Stella Luna, 8½.
Alongside a cute photo of Eli enjoying a long pasta noodle (with sauce on his face, of course!), Pompeo wrote, “Ciao Firenze …. we came we saw we conquered! 💋❤👊🏼”
She also shared a snap of Sienna holding up a cone filled with gelato and making a menacing face, captioning it, “What people don't know is I took my bodyguard to Florence with me…. she's fierce and yes a legend and yes takes her gelato very seriously.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED: Working Mom Ellen Pompeo Would “Be Nowhere Without” Her Baby Nurse: “I Need Help Caring for” My Son
The sweet photos are a far cry from an incident the star faced on Friday, when someone snatched her purse during her visit to the Italian city. “My purse was stolen from right under my nose!!” she wrote on Instagram, adding jokingly, “I blame the rosé!!”
Luckily, Pompeo's bag was recovered — a good thing for both the star and the thief, as Pompeo was ready for a fight to reclaim her belongings.
“Grazia to who ever stole it for dropping it on the street exactly in tact,” she continued. “I was tracking my phone and chasing you down… had I caught you… it would not have ended well for you… I am nice but lets not forget my heritage… NAPOLITANO…. hai furtuno y io hai destine 👊🏼🇮🇹😘.”
RELATED VIDEO: Grey's Anatomy Co-Stars Recreate Beyoncé's Pregnancy Announcement
Pompeo recently opened up to PEOPLE about why she chose to put her husband Chris Ivery and their three children on a vegan diet.
“I just went for my yearly appointment a couple of weeks ago and [Dr. Kristi Funk] told me about her book,” Pompeo told PEOPLE at the April launch party for Dr. Funk's book Breasts: The Owner's Manual in Hollywood. “Since then my whole family has gone completely vegan.”
Dr. Funk is the founder of Pink Lotus Breast Center in Beverly Hills, California, and has notably treated patients like Sheryl Crow and Angelina Jolie. In the book, she recommends a vegan diet — backed up by studies — as one way to help prevent breast cancer.
“[Dr. Funk] told me she turned her three kids completely vegan and I came home from my appointment with her where she basically gave me [the information] … and I said, ‘That's it, we're all vegan,' ” Pompeo shared.
NY Burlington VT Zone Forecast
NY Burlington VT Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
318 FPUS51 KBTV 040722
ZFPBTV
Zone Forecast Product for Vermont and Northern New York
National Weather Service Burlington VT
320 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
NYZ028-042000-
Eastern Clinton-
Including the city of Plattsburgh
320 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny, hot with highs around 90. Light and variable winds,
becoming south around 10 mph this afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the upper 60s. Light and variable winds.
.THURSDAY...Partly sunny. A slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the morning, then a chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the afternoon. Hot with highs in the lower 90s.
South winds around 10 mph. Chance of rain 50 percent. Heat index
values up to 101.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Humid with lows
in the lower 70s. Southwest winds around 10 mph. Chance of rain
70 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers likely with a chance of thunderstorms. Not as
warm. Less humid with highs in the upper 70s. Northwest winds 10 to
15 mph. Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.MONDAY...Partly sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the mid 60s.
.TUESDAY...Partly sunny with a 40 percent chance of showers. Highs
in the lower 80s.
$$
NYZ031-042000-
Western Clinton-
Including the city of Dannemora
320 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny, hot with highs around 90. Light and variable winds.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the upper 60s. Light and variable winds.
.THURSDAY...Partly sunny. A chance of showers and thunderstorms in
the afternoon. Hot with highs around 90. Light and variable winds,
becoming southwest around 10 mph in the afternoon. Chance of rain
50 percent.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Showers likely with a chance of thunderstorms.
Humid with lows in the upper 60s. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph.
Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY...Partly sunny with a 50 percent chance of showers. Less
humid with highs in the mid 70s. Northwest winds 10 to 15 mph with
gusts up to 30 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 50s.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the lower 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.MONDAY...Partly sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 60s.
.TUESDAY...Partly sunny with a 40 percent chance of showers. Highs
in the upper 70s.
$$
NYZ026-042000-
Northern St. Lawrence-
Including the city of Massena
320 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT FROM NOON TODAY TO 7 PM EDT THIS
EVENING...
.TODAY...Sunny, hot with highs in the mid 90s. Light and variable
winds.
.TONIGHT...Clear with lows in the upper 60s. Light and variable
winds.
.THURSDAY...Partly sunny. A slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the afternoon. Hot with highs in the lower 90s.
Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 20 percent. Heat index
values up to 103.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Humid with lows
around 70. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60 percent.
.FRIDAY...Partly sunny with a 50 percent chance of showers. Not as
warm. Less humid with highs in the upper 70s. Northwest winds around
10 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the lower 50s.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.MONDAY...Partly sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 60s. Chance of rain 30 percent.
.TUESDAY...Partly sunny with a 40 percent chance of showers. Highs
in the lower 80s.
$$
NYZ087-042000-
Southwestern St. Lawrence-
Including the cities of Ogdensburg, Potsdam, and Gouverneur
320 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT FROM NOON TODAY TO 7 PM EDT THIS
EVENING...
.TODAY...Sunny, hot with highs in the lower 90s. Light and variable
winds.
.TONIGHT...Clear with lows in the upper 60s. Light and variable
winds.
.THURSDAY...Partly sunny. A slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the afternoon. Humid with highs in the upper 80s.
Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 20 percent. Heat index
values in the upper 90s.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Humid with lows
in the upper 60s. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain
70 percent.
.FRIDAY...Partly sunny with a 50 percent chance of showers. Not as
warm. Less humid with highs in the mid 70s. Northwest winds around
10 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the lower 50s.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.MONDAY...Partly sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 60s. Chance of rain 30 percent.
.TUESDAY...Partly sunny with a 40 percent chance of showers. Highs
in the upper 70s.
$$
NYZ029-042000-
Southeastern St. Lawrence-
Including the city of Star Lake
320 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny, hot with highs in the lower 90s. Light and variable
winds.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 60s. Light and variable winds.
.THURSDAY...Partly sunny. A slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the morning, then a chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the afternoon. Humid with highs in the upper 80s.
Southwest winds around 10 mph. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Humid with lows
in the upper 60s. Southwest winds around 10 mph. Chance of rain
70 percent.
.FRIDAY...Partly sunny with a 50 percent chance of showers. Less
humid with highs in the mid 70s. Northwest winds around 10 mph with
gusts up to 25 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 40s.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the lower 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 50s.
.MONDAY...Partly sunny. Highs around 80.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Lows around 60. Chance of rain 30 percent.
.TUESDAY...Partly sunny with a 40 percent chance of showers. Highs
in the upper 70s.
$$
NYZ027-042000-
Northern Franklin-
Including the city of Malone
320 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT FROM NOON TODAY TO 7 PM EDT THIS
EVENING...
.TODAY...Sunny, hot with highs in the lower 90s. Light and variable
winds.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the upper 60s. Light and variable winds.
.THURSDAY...Sunny in the morning, then partly sunny with a chance of
showers and thunderstorms in the afternoon. Hot with highs in the
lower 90s. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 40 percent.
Heat index values up to 103.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Humid with lows
around 70. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60 percent.
.FRIDAY...Partly sunny with a chance of showers and thunderstorms.
Not as warm. Less humid with highs in the upper 70s. Northwest winds
10 to 15 mph with gusts up to 25 mph. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 50s.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.MONDAY...Partly sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Lows in the lower 60s. Chance of rain 30 percent.
.TUESDAY...Partly sunny with a 40 percent chance of showers. Highs
in the lower 80s.
$$
NYZ030-042000-
Southern Franklin-
Including the cities of Saranac Lake and Tupper Lake
320 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny, hot with highs in the lower 90s. Light and variable
winds.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 60s. Light and variable winds.
.THURSDAY...Partly sunny. A chance of showers and thunderstorms in
the afternoon. Humid with highs in the upper 80s. Southwest winds
around 10 mph. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Humid with lows in the upper 60s. Southwest winds
10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.FRIDAY...Partly sunny with a 50 percent chance of showers. Less
humid with highs in the lower 70s. Northwest winds 10 to 15 mph with
gusts up to 30 mph.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 40s.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the lower 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 50s.
.MONDAY...Partly sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms. Lows around 60. Chance of rain 30 percent.
.TUESDAY...Partly sunny with a 40 percent chance of showers. Highs
in the upper 70s.
$$
NYZ035-042000-
Eastern Essex-
Including the cities of Port Henry and Ticonderoga
320 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny, hot with highs in the lower 90s. Light and variable
winds.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the upper 60s. Light and variable winds.
.THURSDAY...Sunny in the morning, then partly sunny with a chance of
showers and thunderstorms in the afternoon. Hot with highs in the
lower 90s. South winds 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 40 percent. Heat
index values in the upper 90s.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Showers likely with a chance of thunderstorms.
Humid with lows in the lower 70s. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph.
Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers likely with a chance of thunderstorms. Not as warm
with highs in the upper 70s. Northwest winds 10 to 15 mph with gusts
up to 25 mph. Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 50s.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows around 60.
.MONDAY...Partly sunny. Highs in the mid 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 60s.
.TUESDAY...Partly sunny with a 30 percent chance of showers. Highs
in the lower 80s.
$$
NYZ034-042000-
Western Essex-
Including the city of Lake Placid
320 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny, hot with highs around 90. Light and variable winds.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows in the mid 60s. Light and variable winds.
.THURSDAY...Partly sunny. A slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the morning, then a chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the afternoon. Humid with highs in the upper 80s.
Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Showers likely with a chance of thunderstorms.
Humid with lows in the upper 60s. Southwest winds around 10 mph with
gusts up to 25 mph. Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers likely. Not as warm with highs in the mid 70s.
Northwest winds 10 to 15 mph with gusts up to 30 mph. Chance of rain
70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 40s.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows around 50.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.MONDAY...Partly sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows around 60.
.TUESDAY...Partly sunny with a 40 percent chance of showers. Highs
in the upper 70s.
$$
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
March 30 Agenus Inc
* Agenus restructures business to sharpen focus on clinical development of cancer therapies
* Agenus - plans to close Basel site, consolidate key functions to Cambridge, UK and Lexington, MA facilities, and phase out approximately 50 positions
* Agenus Inc - Robert Stein, M.D., Ph.D., president of research and development, will retire to become a senior research and development advisor exclusive to Agenus
* Says as part of restructuring, approximately 50 positions are planned to be phased out within next six months Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-Planning documents for UK tower in fatal fire omitted safety barriers
LONDON, June 14 Planning documents detailing the refurbishment of a residential tower block in West London where at least 12 people died in a fire on Wednesday did not refer to a type of fire barrier that building safety experts said should be used when high rise blocks are being re-clad.
A woman cleans the brand logo at a Prada fashion boutique in Beijing, China, September 16, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
HONG KONG Luxury fashion group Prada SpA (1913.HK) on Wednesday reported a 15.9 percent fall in annual profit as global luxury spending remained soft and as it sold more accessible products in competitive market.
In the year ended Jan. 31, Prada reported net income of 278.3 million euros (236.48 million pounds), down from 330.9 million euros a year earlier. Analysts were expecting net income of 296 million euros, according to Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate data.
Prada's shares have risen more than 30 percent so far this year, outpacing a 9 percent rise in the benchmark Index .HSI.
In February, the Italian group said saw its sales accelerating in the past months, particularly in Greater China and Russia, pointing to an improving outlook after sales slumped last year.
France's LVMH (LVMH.PA), the world's biggest luxury group, in January predicted a "relatively easy" first half of 2017, but warned the second half could be "more difficult".
(Reporting by Donny Kwok and Twinnie Siu; Editing by Louise Heavens)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Latest: Man shot in second police shooting in Oklahoma
LAWTON, Okla. (AP) — The Latest on police shootings in Oklahoma (all times local):
3:25 p.m.
Police in Oklahoma say an officer and a man who opened fire on them were wounded during a shootout in Tulsa.
Tulsa police spokeswoman Officer Jeanne MacKenzie said it happened Tuesday after officers ran the license plate on a minivan and found the plate had been issued to a different vehicle.
MacKenzie said officers followed the van to a gas station to ask questions, but a man inside was "defiant." More officers were called to assist, and police fired pepper balls into the van.
MacKenzie said the man then started shooting, and officers returned fire. One of the officers was hit in the leg, and the man was hit in the chest. Both have been hospitalized.
It was the second officer-involved shooting Tuesday in Oklahoma. A man died in Lawton after officers fired at him after police say he cut one of them with a knife.
___
2:55 p.m.
The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation is investigating a fatal shooting after police say they fired at a man who charged them with a knife.
An OSBI news release says two Lawton police officers were dispatched to a "disturbance" call Tuesday at an apartment where a man came outside holding a knife. The release says officers tried to talk him into putting down the knife and used less-lethal tools to no effect.
The release says the man charged at the officers and cut one of them, and both officers fired. One officer was treated and released with multiple knife wounds. Both officers have been placed on leave per Lawton police protocol.
OSBI's investigation will be forwarded to the Comanche County district attorney for consideration of criminal charges.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
VERSAILLES – This year the Poultry Days Social Tent takes things to another level with 10 live musical acts and an expanded beverage selection.
This year Poultry Days offers 10 acts representing varied musical styles from Saw Creek and the MicStand Band's country, to Empty Tank and Eight Balls rock, to solo acoustic and the “under the streetlight” music of the '60s and '70s of the Quintessentials. In addition, one of the top party bands in Ohio, Tricky Dick & The Cover-Ups, will travel from Cleveland with their own style of high energy rock funk. With a Social Tent that can hold more than 2,000 people, guests can choose to be up front by the music, at a table by the small bar or under the stars with the outside seating for 300.
Friday, June 8, 3:30-5 p.m., DeMange Brothers. The DeMange Brothers, Tyler and Mason, have performed with several bands at the festival but are excited to make their debut together at Poultry Days to get the festival started!
Friday, June 8, 5 -7:30 p.m., The MicStand Band. Mike and Stan McClurg two brothers effortlessly blend a selection of country and classic rock.
Friday, June 8, 8-11:30 p.m., Tricky Dick & the Cover Ups. Tricky Dick & The Cover-Ups are a top-tier cover band that will bring Friday night under the Social Tent to another level. Based in Cleveland, 1,000 performances over nine years and named “Best Cover Band” by Cleveland and Scene Magazine. An ever-growing song list that is updated weekly ensures that fans never see the same show twice. Members of the band rotate instruments and lead vocals, allowing for a fresh and exciting mix throughout the performance. Fans and friends of this top-rated pop/rock band know to expect a gigantic variety of songs performed back to back for a non-stop, high energy party.
Saturday, June 9, 12:30-2 p.m., The Quintessentials. Award-winning barbershop quintet group of Ohio Has Talent. The group consists five Versailles natives who bring back the “under the streetlight” music of the '60s and '70s. Come out to hear your favorite music spanning from Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons, to the Beach Boys, performed by these Versailles natives.
Saturday, June 9, 2:30-4:30 p.m., Jason Rhoades. Jason has been playing music in the area for 20 years with bands such as Who's Randy, See Alice Jones and most recently with Clark Manson. His shows are unpredictable, fun and full of shenanigans.
Saturday, June 9, 5-7 p.m., Strategy. Performing a diverse mix of music from Elvis to Kiss and Charlie Daniels to Judas Priest. Strategy's recent highlights include: Opening for The Little River Band as well as performing at many of the top local festivals and clubs.
Saturday, June 9, 7:30-11:30 p.m., Saw Creek. Led by experienced musician Steve Rosenbeck, along with his son Zach and two nephews Jared and Jesse Ranly. This country music band specializes in classic and top 40 country music by the likes of Jason Aldean, Luke Bryan, Florida Georgia Line, Kenney Chesney and many more. They have played in Nashville, Toby Keith's Bar and Grill, and have opened for artists Dylan Scott and Clark Manson.
Sunday, June 10, 1-3 p.m, Danny and Japes. A guitarist, singer/songwriter, originally from the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. Danny's folk/rock music influence sounds its way through his covers of well-known artists, such as James Taylor, Jim Croce, Jason Mraz and John Denver.
Sunday, June 10th, 3:30-6 p.m., Eight Ball. 8-Ball has been adding new tunes to step things up a notch from their last spectacular festival performance! A Versailles-based band who won the Dayton Battle of the Bands in one of their first appearances. This group started out with classic rock and “big hairband” rock. Today, 8-Ball plays grunge, new rock and older rock songs with a new dated sound. A dynamic lead singer and powerful guitar backed by inspiring drums and bass, they are guaranteed to impress. Don't miss this rare opportunity to see one of the area's best bands.
Sunday, June 10th, 6:30-10:30 p.m., Empty Tank. If you're looking for a band that will entertain you with a wide variety of music, the Empty Tank band will not disappoint. This high energy group performs music spanning from yesteryear's classics through today's top songs. These guys pack in more than four straight hours of music, three-part harmonies and rockin' guitar and keyboard solos.
The beverage selection for this year's Social Tent is as rocking as the music. The Winery at Versailles will be offering frozen slushies with different flavors each day as well as a wide selection wines including Cabernet Franc, Pinot Grigio, Buckeye Blush, Rodeo Red, Strawberry, Peach and Raspberry Summer Days, Sangria and the famous Rooster Red. The Social Tent will be sponsored by BonBright MillerCoors, which along with Anheuser-Busch, will provide more than 20 different beers severed at main and small bars. The biggest additions to the beer selection are Blackberry Prairie Wheat, Honey wagon IPA and Wally Post from Moeller Brew Barn.
Versailles Poultry Days and the Village of Versailles invite community members to the 67th annual Poultry Days Festival June 8, 9 and 10. Poultry Days will close the highway again just like it has since 1972 and promises another great weekend of chicken, friends and fun.
Visit the website www.versaillespoultrydays.com for event details and schedules or like Poultry Days on Facebook.
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
FILE PHOTO: An autonomous car from Delphi departs Treasure Island for a cross-country trip from San Francisco to New York City in San Francisco, California, U.S. on March 22, 2015. REUTERS/Stephen Lam/File Photo
DETROIT Automotive supplier Delphi Automotive Plc (DLPH.N) on Wednesday said it plans to spin off operations tied to internal combustion engines and focus on technology for electrically powered and self-driving vehicles, boosting its share price and highlighting the challenges for legacy auto industry players.
Vehicles driven by humans and powered with petroleum will dominate roads from Shanghai to San Francisco for years to come, but investors who supply the capital to produce such vehicles are signaling a belief that after a century-long run, internal combustion cars are a sunset industry.
The most dramatic symbol of this turn is electric luxury carmaker Tesla Inc's (TSLA.O) ascent this year to a higher market capitalization than either Ford Motor Co (F.N) or General Motors Co (GM.N). Despite a recent slump in U.S. sales, the Detroit giants are robustly profitable, while Tesla has yet to earn a full year profit. Tesla reports first-quarter results later Wednesday.
Delphi shares rose as much as 12 percent on Wednesday after the company announced its plan to separate into two entities - one dedicated to internal combustion technology and the other focused on electrification and automation. The shares closed at $87.01, up nearly 11 percent, representing about $2 billion in added market value.
“There's a whole element of the componentry of the car that Wall Street values at a lower level,” Delphi Chief Executive Officer Kevin Clark told Reuters in an interview on Wednesday.
Other big auto suppliers are making similar calls. German auto supplier Robert Bosch GmbH [ROBG.UL] earlier this week said it had sold its starters and alternators business to a Chinese mining company.
Germany's Rheinmetall (RHMG.DE) also tried to float its Kolbenschmidt Pierburg unit, which is specialized in the development, manufacture and aftermarket supply of pistons, engine blocks, and plain bearings back in 2012. However, it was forced to call off the IPO due to a market slump and a lack of investor enthusiasm for a stock with heavy exposure to combustion engine technology, bankers said.
Combustion engines are taking a hit from regulators, particularly those in Europe and China, who want to slash greenhouse gas and smog forming emissions on a fast timetable. That risk was exacerbated by Volkswagen's (VOWG_p.DE) diesel emissions scandal. As a result of "Dieselgate," politicians in cities like Stuttgart have discussed banning diesel vehicles from the inner city, leading customers to abandon diesel cars.
On Wednesday, German car registration figures provided by Germany's KBA federal motor authority, showed that demand for diesel engine vehicles plunged by 19.3 percent in April, to a market share of 41.3 percent of overall registrations.
Delphi's Clark said he expects diesel production to decline by about 3 percent a year for the next few years.
China's government has also set aggressive targets for electric vehicles that are forcing carmakers to accelerate electric vehicle plans.
POWERTRAIN OPERATIONS HAS ROOM TO GROW
U.S. auto supplier Visteon (VC.N), like Delphi, has shed most of its traditional car parts making operations, and is focused on connected vehicle technology and infotainment.
Clark said Delphi's powertrain business, which has about $4.5 billion in annual revenues and does not yet have a name, has room to grow. The company will have more freedom to invest in that growth as its managers no longer have to compete for capital with opportunities presented by the increasing computerization of cars, Clark said.
The powertrain company, which accounted for about 27 percent of Delphi revenues last year, also could seize opportunities to consolidate other players in the legacy market, capitalizing on the continued demand for internal combustion and the regulatory pressure to make them cleaner, a person familiar with Delphi's strategy said.
Analysts on Wednesday estimated Delphi's powertrain business will be valued at six to seven times earnings before interest and taxes, while the electronic and autonomous technology side of the company will likely command a higher valuation.
The electronic Delphi - which also could get a new name - will compete in a potential market the company estimates at more than $100 billion a year, nearly twice the size of the internal combustion market. Delphi said its electronic systems units had about $12 billion in revenue last year.
Delphi "is best positioned to be the 'picks and shovels' supplier of big data solutions" to automakers, Barclays analyst Brian Johnson wrote in a note on Wednesday.
But the market of the future is still largely in the future. Most established carmakers, for instance, have not adopted over the air software upgrades on a mass scale, and depend entirely on internal combustion engine cars and sport utilities for profits.
Clark said over the next three to five years demand will accelerate for high speed in-vehicle data networking systems, autonomous driving technology and over the air software updates. Delphi has acquired a company that enables over the air software updates, as well as a company that develops high speed data networks. Clark said Delphi could make more acquisitions to expand its electronic systems capability, or forge more partnerships.
Delphi has partnerships through its autonomous vehicle business with Intel Corp (INTC.O) and Israeli autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye (MBLY.N), which is being bought by Intel for $15.3 billion.
"If we can do more things like that" the Mobileye-Intel partnership, "that would be great," Clark said.
Delphi is betting that many automakers will ultimately opt to buy a standard system rather than invest in one-of-a-kind systems of their own. Delphi said it expects to launch its turnkey autonomous driving system with a customer in 2019.
The spinoff will be tax free and is expected to be completed by March 2018, Delphi said.
(Reporting By Nick Carey and Joseph White in Detroit, and Edward Taylor in Frankfurt. Writing by Joseph White; Editing by Bernard Orr and Tom Brown)
(Corrects to say first fall in 29, not 30, months in second graph)
MADRID, March 31 Spanish seasonally-adjusted retail sales remained unchanged from a year earlier in February after a revised 0.1 percent drop in sales a month earlier, the National Statistics Institute (INE) said on Friday.
The January figure was revised from a previous reported growth of 0.1 percent and marked the first time retail sales shrank after 29 straight months of expansion. (Reporting by Paul Day; Editing by Sonya Dowsett)
ELK COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect after an alleged knife attack and chase.
On Saturday, deputies along with Elk County EMS and Fire and rescue responded to a 911 call of a woman with a head injury that was losing a lot of blood, according to a media release. A medical helicopter was launched.
When deputies arrived on scene they found that the victim had been taken to the hospital by personal vehicle.
Through the investigation law enforcement found that the victim's injury was a result of a stabbing. At the same time, a suspect was found driving a stolen vehicle in a neighboring County.
The suspect fled from an attempted a traffic stop and led law enforcement through four counties before he was taken into custody. Kansas Bureau of Investigation was called to assist the Elk County Sheriff's Office with the investigation. Suspect was first appeared in court on August 14th 2017 on aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.
Authorities did not release the name of the suspect.
UPPER SADDLE RIVER, N.J. -- Following the release of a video by a concerned citizen, pressure from a state assemblywoman and coverage from Daily Voice, Bergen County authorities have ordered builders to stop pumping muddy water into a nearby stream from a site slated for dozens of luxury homes in Upper Saddle River and Mahwah.
"A stop work order was made," Kerry Pflugh, director of the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection's Office of Local Government Assistance, texted Derek Michalski shortly after 5:30 p.m. Tuesday. "The only work they are allowed to conduct is securing the site so further run off would be prevented."
"This is what we wanted," said Michalski, whose video of the water being pumped by Toll Brothers from the site of the former Apple Ridge Country Club into Pleasant Brook mobilized citizens.
"Now the concern is who is going to pay to test the water and which body is empowered to order the work," Michalski said.
Residents have been concerned about contamination ever since high levels of arsenic and lead were found on the more than 100-acre property straddling both towns, on which Toll Brothers plans to build 78 luxury homes.
The chemicals came from pesticides sprayed on the former apple orchard, as well as treatments to the golf course that succeeded it more than 50 years ago, state authorities said. The contamination runs as deep as two feet.
“They were supposed to remediate the soil,” resident Erik Friis said. “Rather than remove it, the state DEP allowed them to blend it with cleaner soil and keep it in place, basically diluting the levels of toxins.
“But that isn't enough. Any runoff is going to carry those toxins.”
There's been plenty of runoffs, he said, mainly because 1,000 or so trees were cleared to make way for two-story Colonials – 44 in Upper Saddle River and 34 in Mahwah.
Residents had expressed concern following storms – including when heavy winds at the turn of the year blew silt onto their homes and property.
“Back during the rainstorms in November and December, rivers of mud were flowing into the streets and into the storm drains, which go directly into the streams,” Friis said. “Now we have it being pumped directly into the stream.”
Assemblywoman Holly Schepisi said authorities have told her the public shouldn't worry.
"Based upon all of the information I have received, there does not appear to be an environmental hazard that residents need to be worried about at this time," Schepisi told Daily Voice. "The state, the county and the borough are and have been closely monitoring the work being performed on this site.
"I have been assured by several separate agencies that there currently is no environmental risk to the residents of Upper Saddle River," said Schepisi, who got representatives of those agencies involved. "If any of the information provided to me changes I will be out in front demanding immediate action from the state."
CONTINUED: NJ Probes Pumping Into Stream From Mahwah/USR Construction Site
******
ALSO SEE: Upper Saddle River Mayor Joanne Minichetti responded Monday to a Daily Voice story about an investigation into the pumping of muddy water into a stream from a luxury-housing construction site at the former Apple Ridge Country Club by accusing a state assemblywoman of a conflict of interest.
http://northernhighlands.dailyvoice.com/news/usr-mayor-blasts-nj-lawmaker-for-probing-pumping-of-muddy-water-into-stream/736078/
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — Kansas lawmakers have rejected an effort to repeal a law that allows people to carry concealed firearms in most facilities at public colleges and universities in the state.
The Kansas House voted 53-69 against Democratic Rep. Barbara Ballard's repeal amendment Thursday.
The House did vote to require students, faculty and staff carrying a concealed firearm on campus to receive gun safety training. Lawmakers also voted to allow 18-year-olds to carry concealed weapons. The previous age limit was 21.
Ballard says the law is making it difficult for higher education institutions in the state to attract new students to their campuses.
Opponents to the appeal argue that people have the constitutional right to bear arms for self-protection.
Custom Search
Blog, Browse > Home Goal Box / Goals of the season 2016/2017 Goals of the season 2016/2017 Tweet A feast for all footy fans here is a selection of the top 100 goals across all leagues. Its been a great season once again so sit back and enjoy some of the best moments from this season. Including some absolute gems from Giroud, Mandzukic, Messi, Mkhitaryan, Depay [Translate] Comments comments Categories Categories Select Category BabeBox Blog Blog Today Euro Box Fun Box Goal Box Gossip Box Lookalikes Past Box Quiz Box Skill Box Top 10 UK Box Update USA BOX WagBox World Box Update Support Us Watch More Games Free Online Best footy Odds Babes Wags and Fashion Goals of the month Funbox and Jokes ShopBox Subscribe to BoxofficeFootball
Copyright © BoxofficeFootball Soccer Highlights Babes and Banter 2017 All Rights Reserved
Videos are provided and hosted from third party servers. Boxofficefootball as a website does not host and is not responsible for this content.All videos are uploaded by football fans to video hosting sites like Youtube. We simply link all video content that is already hosted on these web sites.Football Wags| Football Babes | Skills in Heels| Sexy football fans | Football Babes | #TEKKERS | @boxofficefooty | #WAGS | #Fitness
May 2 Cvs Health Corp
* In presentation - already have some PBM contract wins for '18
* In presentation - disappointed to lose FEP specialty pharmacy contract, expect 2017 revenues of about $2.8 billion from contract
* On conf call- have net new PBM business of about $5.4 billion
* Generated $3.1 billion of free cash in Q1, which is unusually high due in large part to timing of receipt of a medicare part D payment
* Exec- "looking at more buy and operate opportunities where we can go into a marketplace with a small scale player who serves a great set of customers we don't have any CVS nearby" Further company coverage:
LAGOS, April 28 Nigeria's First Bank plans to have 30 million customers by 2020, compared with around 13 million now, with electronic banking helping it to reach that goal, its chief executive said on Friday.
Adesola Adeduntan said 47 percent of transactions were carried out electronically at the end of March and the lender was aiming to serve customers cheaply outside its branches. (Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Mark Potter)
April 28Shandong Longlive Bio-Technology Co Ltd
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 30 percent to 75 percent, or to be 58.0 million yuan to 78.1 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 44.6 million yuan
* Says inclusion of two units is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/BKf8hb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Q: Can I use cornstarch or flour in place of the potato starch in a veggie burger, or do I just need to buy some potato starch? If so, how can I use the remainder? Sauce thickener in place of cornstarch?
A: Both can act as a binder, but the cornstarch might introduce a bit of flavour that's not intended here. Potato starch offers neutrality. On the flip side, if you do buy a bag it'll keep for a long time.
Q: Some recipes call for brushing yeast dough with egg white before baking, while others call for egg yolk mixed with a little water. And I'm sure I've seen recipes that call for whole egg mixed with a bit of water. What's the difference in terms of results?
A: Egg white is nice and sticky, so if you're adding seeds to a bread top, they'll stay where you put them. Egg yolk alone is very yellow. I like to use it on savoury pie crusts. A whole egg is somewhere between, colourwise, just slightly golden. By the way, none of these options, alone, will change the texture of the top, but adding a little sugar to your wash will add some crunch.
In my kitchen where way too much baking goes on, unless I'm adding seeds, I egg wash with whatever I have left in a bowl. If the recipe calls for two eggs, beaten, after adding the eggs, I set the bowl aside in which I've beaten the eggs and later scrape every last bit to make a wash. If I have to separate eggs, I'll use whatever is leftover, the yolk or the white, add a splash of water and brush on the surface. I'm way too frugal; I hate to use up an egg just to wash the surface.
Q: Why do some recipes call for three teaspoons when it could just as easily ask for one tablespoon? Is there something I'm missing?
A: When the recipe breaks down the use of, say, one teaspoon's worth and then the other two, it might help you keep track of what's been used in the directions. Or maybe some folks don't realize that three teaspoons equal one tablespoon?
Q: I found some recipes for ramps compound butter online that suggested blanching them before incorporating it into the butter and some just said to combine it all inside a food processor. Do you know which method is better?
A: Just whir it in the food processor, no blanching required.
Q: Is there a way to keep berries from sinking to the bottom of a cake?
This weekend brought a bout of spring weather as the Bucs headed south to Augusta, Georgia for the Augusta Invitational.
Taking advantage of the warm weather, junior Hee Ying Loy (Johor, Malaysia) came out strong during the three day meet. Loy, the oldest player on the team, placed 9th out of 87 participants. Loy leads the team with the lowest score on the season with a scoring average of 71.4.
Loy led the back for ETSU, with the rest of the team clocking in towards the middle of the scoresheet. Kornbongkoat Sararat (Nongkhai, Thailand) was next up for the Bucs in 48th place. Tereza Melecka (Belcovice, Czech Republic) and Ankita Kedlaya (Bangalore, India) were right behind Sararat, finishing in 54th and 57th place, respectively.
ETSU finished 10th out of 15 teams in what proved to be an off meet for the team. The majority of the team shot over their scoring averages for the season. However, there is still two more meets before the Southern Conference championships. The Bucs are a young team this year, with only one upperclassman on the team of seven.
Despite this, ETSU has shown potential for success. In the fall, ETSU placed 2nd in the Johnie Imes Invitational. More recently, they placed 9th in the Edwin Watts Kiawah Island Spring Classic, a meet that featured SoCon rivals Samford, UNC-Greensboro, and Western Carolina. UNC-Greensboro was the only SoCon team to finish ahead of ETSU, coming in 7th out of the 43 teams.
No matter the placing, the Augusta Invitational and the remaining meets in the season are valuable experience to a young team looking to compete for years to come. Top performer Loy is poised to return next season, along with the rest of her teammates.
The remainder of the season is a good test for this team, and any postseason success will be a good learning tool for the many freshman and sophomores on the squad. The Bucs will get the chance to prove themselves again next weekend at the Anuenue Spring Break Classic in Hawaii.
FILE PHOTO: Britain Soccer Football - Middlesbrough v Manchester United - Premier League - The Riverside Stadium - 19/3/17 Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho congratulates Juan Mata after he is substituted Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith
Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata has joined defenders Chris Smalling and Phil Jones on the sidelines after having surgery on a groin injury, the club said on Friday.
Smalling and Jones sustained long-term injuries while on international duty with England, manager Jose Mourinho told reporters on Friday before United issued an update on Mata.
Smalling was photographed wearing a leg brace on Monday after suffering his third injury of the campaign. Jones has a toe problem. "They are long-term injuries," Mourinho said.
United will be without at least six first-team players for Saturday's Premier League game against West Bromwich Albion as Smalling and Jones join midfielder Paul Pogba on the treatment table while Mata begins his recovery from the operation.
Leading scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic and midfielder Ander Herrera will also miss the match at Old Trafford as they serve the final game of their suspensions.
Mourinho, however, refused to dwell on his lengthy list of absentees.
"The important ones are the ones who are ready to play. That's the way we have to think, we cannot be here crying or speaking about the players that are not available to play," the Portuguese said.
Captain Wayne Rooney, who has missed United's last four games, has recovered from a knee injury.
Mourinho said he regretted his treatment of Bastian Schweinsteiger, who joined Major League Soccer's Chicago Fire this month, and has apologised to the German midfielder.
Schweinsteiger was made to train with the reserves by Mourinho earlier this season but the manager had a change of heart and brought the World Cup winner back into his squad in October.
"I regret it and it is no problem for me to admit it, because I have told him," Mourinho added.
"He's in the category of players that I feel sorry for something I did to him... the last thing I told him before he left - 'I was not right with you once. I have to be right to you now'."
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond and Ken Ferris)
LONDON Britain's economy has probably slowed from its strong growth of late last year and a cooling jobs market and hefty price increases will become increasingly apparent as Brexit gets underway, according to a survey published on Wednesday.
The Markit/CIPS Services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), a closely watched gauge of Britain's services industry, rose to a three-month high of 55.0 in March from 53.3 in February.
That topped all forecasts in a Reuters poll of economists, whose median forecast was for a reading of 53.5, pushing sterling almost half a cent higher against the dollar. [GBP/]
But there were some warning signals as Britain begins the two-year process of leaving the European Union.
Service companies raised their selling prices at the fastest pace since 2008, a sign that inflation may rise more than the 3 percent expected by many forecasters this year. Businesses hired people at the slowest pace in seven months.
Taken together, the PMIs for manufacturing, construction and services published this week suggest economic growth will slow to around 0.4 percent in the first quarter from 0.7 percent in the fourth quarter of 2016, data firm IHS Markit said.
Growth of 0.4 percent would be in line with the most recent Reuters poll of economists but slower than the 0.6 percent predicted by the Bank of England.
"The PMI does not cover the retail sector, and hence may be overestimating growth somewhat given the concentrated hit in that area," JPMorgan economist Allan Monks said.
But conditions outside Britain had clearly improved and there was uncertainty about how quickly consumers will respond to higher prices, he said in a note to clients.
The BoE is widely expected to keep interest rates at their record low throughout this year and possibly until 2019 as it steers the British economy through the uncertainty linked to the exit from the EU.
However, one rate-setter voted last month for a rate increase and others said they might follow suit soon if there were signs that economy was maintaining its momentum of 2016.
Despite the stronger-than-expected headline growth figure in Wednesday's PMI, the survey also suggested consumers were cutting back on luxuries. Hotels and restaurants, gyms and hairdressers ranked among the worst-performing services in the first three months of 2017.
"Much of the disappointment in growth so far this year has been evident in consumer-oriented sectors, in part linked to spending and incomes being squeezed by higher prices," said Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit.
Official data on Wednesday showed modest improvement for one of Britain's most persistent economic headaches, weak productivity.
Output-per-hour grew at the fastest pace in more than a year in the final three months of 2016, but remained well below the average rate seen before the financial crisis.
The figures did little to challenge expectations that 2017 will be a tough one for many Britons.
Nearly half of British households plan to cut spending as worries about inflation escalate, according to a separate survey on Wednesday from pension provider Scottish Friendly and the think tank Social Market Foundation.
Official data last week showed real household disposable income - a measure of spending power in the fourth quarter of 2016 - saw its biggest quarter-on-quarter decline in nearly three years.
Industry figures for new car registrations bucked other signs of weakening consumer demand, with sales rising 8.4 percent last month. But the surge in part reflected customers bringing forward purchases to beat a tax rise, which may bode for a weak April, the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said.
The all-sector PMI, covering manufacturing, construction and services, rose a full point to 54.7 in March.
(Editing by William Schomberg, Larry King)
Khloé Kardashian is feeling spiritual as she expects her first child.
Kardashian, 33, posted a selfie to Instagram on Friday, puckering for the camera beneath a heart-emoji filter. Despite the silly snapshot, the reality star's words were reflective.
“Lord, Thank You for giving me the health and strength I need to overcome every stronghold in my life and for loving me unconditionally in the times that I may fail you,” she captioned the image. “Amen.”
💜 Lord, Thank You for giving me the health and strength I need to overcome every stronghold in my life and for loving me unconditionally in the times that I may fail you. Amen 💜 A post shared by Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Oct 6, 2017 at 6:25am PDT
Next, she shared a photo of pink peonies, writing, “a few of my favorite things.”
Last month, PEOPLE confirmed Kardashian has a baby on the way with her boyfriend, basketball player Tristan Thompson.
Throughout her pregnancy, she's been spending quality time in Cleveland with Thompson, 26.
💕a few of my favorite things 💕 A post shared by Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Oct 6, 2017 at 6:35am PDT
Meanwhile, her 20-year-old sister Kylie Jenner is expecting a baby girl with her rapper boyfriend Travis Scott, and sister Kim Kardashian West, 36, will welcome her third child with husband Kanye West in January via surrogate.
“There is no jealousy here,” a source close to the family told PEOPLE. “No one is worried about anyone stealing their thunder. It's not dramatic like that.
“They're focusing on the babies. Everyone is genuinely happy about what's happening.”
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Marsh wants to sell a bunch of its remaining supermarkets to a subsidiary of Kroger, according to Marsh's bankruptcy filing. It's the latest chapter in a battle of Midwestern grocery chains. Dwight Adams/IndyStar
Buy Photo Customers shop Kroger in New Castle Tuesday afternoon. (Photo: Jordan Kartholl/The Star Press)Buy Photo
MUNCIE, Ind. — The sale of some Marsh Supermarkets' stores to Kroger and another Ohio grocery chain has been conditionally approved by a Delaware bankruptcy court.
The approval of Marsh's plan to sell 11 stores, including two in Muncie, to Topvalco, a Kroger subsidiary, and Marsh's plan to sell another 15 stores to Ohio-based Generative Growth/Fresh Encounter, came during a Wednesday morning hearing in bankruptcy court.
The sales are worth $16 million and $8 million, respectively.
EARLIER MARSH/KROGER STORIES
Kroger, another grocery to buy some Marsh stores
Will Kroger fill the Marsh void?
Marsh vs. Kroger: Comparing their prices
Under the terms of the bankruptcy judge's conditional approval, Kroger/Topvalco will purchase and take over Muncie stores on Tillotson Avenue and at Wheeling and McGalliard.
The 26 stores to be sold do not include another 18 stores of Marsh's 44 remaining stores. The Star Press has learned that those stores will close. In Muncie, those include stores on North Walnut Street and Burlington Drive. Marsh last month closed its store on South Hoyt Avenue in Muncie.
The liquidation sales for those two Muncie stores and all 18 that did not sell will begin Thursday and continue until their inventory is sold, most likely in early July, Marsh spokesman Tom Mulligan told The Star Press.
Sources close to the agreement said it was finalized, with a few minor points remaining, in court on Wednesday morning. That's when a potential dispute between Marsh and CVS, over the possibility of Kroger opening pharmacy operations, was ironed out.
"The sale is conditionally approved," Mulligan, a New York-based spokesman for Marsh, told The Star Press.
Mulligan deferred further comment on Wednesday's agreement to Kroger. A spokesman for Kroger said a press release would be forthcoming.
Fresh Encounter, the Ohio-based grocery company, will manage 15 former Marsh stores acquired by Generative Growth II. In this area, that includes stores in Hartford City and Richmond. The company announced Wednesday afternoon that its acquisition begins on June 22.
This story will be updated.
Contact Keith Roysdon at 765-213-5828 and follow him on Facebook and Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://tspne.ws/2t2TtZ3
Olomouc high state prosecutor Ivo Ištvan has been cleared to testify before a parliamentary committee on Tuesday in connection with leaks from ongoing police investigations, receiving permission from the Justice Ministry, website ceska-justice.cz reported. The ministry also cleared Prague's head prosecutor Lenka Bradáčová, expected to speak before the committee at a later date. A parliamentary committee was set up to investigate the matter after leaked telephone recordings revealed that a journalist had consulted ANO leader Andrej Babiš about the possibility of using information from an ongoing investigation so as to damage his political rivals.
As noted, tonight's SummerSlam go-home edition of WWE RAW from Boston will feature Sasha Banks vs. Nia Jax with the winner going on to face RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss at the pay-per-view on Sunday. PWInsider reports that the current plan is for Sasha to win tonight's match and become the new #1 contender.
Below is the current confirmed SummerSlam card going into tonight's show:
Fatal 4 Way for the WWE Universal Title
Roman Reigns vs. Samoa Joe vs. Braun Strowman vs. Brock Lesnar
WWE Title Match
Shinsuke Nakamura vs. Jinder Mahal
SmackDown Women's Title Match
Natalya vs. Naomi
RAW Women's Title Match
Bayley's replacement TBA (Sasha Banks or Nia Jax) vs. Alexa Bliss
WWE United States Title Match
Kevin Owens vs. AJ Styles
Special Referee: Shane McMahon
WWE Cruiserweight Title Match
Akira Tozawa vs. Neville
SmackDown Tag Team Title Match
The Usos vs. The New Day
RAW Tag Team Title Match
Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins vs. Cesaro and Sheamus
Big Cass vs. Big Show
Enzo Amore will be suspended above the ring in a shark cage.
Rusev vs. Randy Orton
Finn Balor vs. Bray Wyatt
John Cena vs. Baron Corbin
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
The logo of ready-to-wear Maje brand is seen on a fashion shop storefront in Paris, France, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
The logo of ready-to-wear Sandro brand is seen on a fashion shop storefront in Paris, France, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS SMCP, the group behind French fashion brands Sandro, Maje and Claudie Pierlot, reported higher annual profits and sales, which its chief executive said was partly due to the allure of Parisian chic for Chinese customers.
"Our brands embody a Parisian chic, both aspirational and accessible, that seduces Chinese clients," SMCP Chief Executive Daniel Lalonde told Reuters in an interview.
The French fashion group, controlled by China's Shandong Ruyi 002193.SZ, said 2016 earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) rose 22 percent to 130 million euros ($140 million).
Sales rose by 16.4 percent to 787 million euros.
SMCP operates in what analysts classify as the accessible luxury segment of the fashion market, and it aims to become a leader in the more affordable space.
Accessible luxury is benefiting from buoyant demand among a fast-growing middle class, particularly in countries such as China, where the group already has 70 stores.
The Sandro, Maje, and Claudine Pierlot labels sell dresses for between 150-250 euros, and employ supply chain practices borrowed from retailers such as Zara (ITX.MC) and H&M (HMb.ST).
SMCP's solid 2016 results strike a contrast to rival luxury brand Michael Kors (KORS.N), which last month reported profit below market forecasts, raising concerns over Michael Kors' efforts to reinvigorate its brand.
SMCP's growth in its domestic French market also stood out, compared with the overall French fashion market, where sales have declined by 2.6 percent.
International sales, which now account for 54 percent of SMCP's global turnover, rose by 24 percent.
Similar to other major fashion companies, CEO Lalonde is also banking on harnessing the Internet and digital media to spur sales growth.
SMCP, which opened 105 new stores in 2016, plans to open 100-125 more shops this year in major cities around the world.
($1 = 0.9271 euros)
(Reporting by Pascale Denis; Writing by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Louise Heavens)
April 12 Morgan Stanley's chief compliance officer Billy Fenrich is leaving the firm just over a year after being named to the position.
Fenrich will be replaced by Raul Yanes, according to an internal Morgan Stanley memo reviewed by Reuters, which was confirmed by a firm spokesman.
Yanes was most recently a litigation partner at the law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell and has also served in a number of senior positions under president George W. Bush, including staff secretary and assistant to the president and senior counselor to the attorney general. (Reporting by Olivia Oran in New York)
THE GAMING industry has changed considerably and so did the behavior and the profile of the typical gamer, a new study by PC giant Dell has shown.
An online survey commissioned by Dell's gaming brand revealed that the habits and attitudes of today's gamers have changed.
The profile of a gamer, according to the survey, is no longer described as “the stereotypical teen loner playing in his parents' basement.”
“Gone are the days that being called a ‘gamer' is derogatory,” the company said in the report. The survey showed that fewer than one in 10 (8-9% each) feel either “judged,” “childish” or “embarrassed” for being called a “gamer.”
The survey respondents also noted the benefits of playing video games, which reaffirmed research conducted by the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, Australia which found teens who were regular gamers scored higher than average in math, reading and science on an international exam. Survey respondents said that, because of gaming, they are more strategic thinkers (39%), have improved hand-eye coordination (37%) and increased reaction time (36%). Some even perceive that their teamwork (27%) and leadership (18%) skills have improved.
The more advanced the gamer, the more likely they are to report skill development. Half of gamers at pro level (54%) claimed that gaming has made them more strategic thinkers, while 36% of casual players and 30% of noobs said the same. Similar patterns occur for technology skills: 42% of pros said they are more tech savvy compared to 18% of casual players and only 14% of noobs.
Dell commissioned research firm Researchscape to conduct the online survey among 5,763 video game players from 11 countries (Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Japan, New Zealand, UK and US).
To qualify for the study, respondents had to play videogames on desktops or laptops for at least an hour a week. They did not need to identify as gamers, and 7% said they did not. The survey was fielded from Dec. 9, 2017, to Jan. 30, 2018.
By Amanda Wicks
Metallica's performance with Lady Gaga at the 59th Annual Academy Awards on Sunday (February 12st) suffered from significant audio issues that crippled the first minute of “Moth Into Flame.”
Related: Metallica and Lady Gaga Bring Metal to the GRAMMYs
James Hetfield's microphone wasn't turned on—or simply wasn't working—and it wasn't until he walked over to Gaga's microphone over a minute into their performance that viewers at home could finally hear him.
Now, RoLoad—a Romanian Metallica fansite—posted the entire performance on Facebook featuring intact audio. When asked how they managed to get the rip, RoLoad explained the web feed didn't have audio difficulties. It was only the live broadcast on TV that seemed to have a problem.
Considering Hetfield recognized there was an audio issue almost immediately and had to walk over to Gaga, it seems unlikely the web broadcast miraculously avoided the same issue occurring on stage and screen. It seems more likely some clever technician has instead stitched in Hetfield's vocals from another performance. But at least now fans can hear what it would've sounded like without audio issues.
Watch below.
Will it be another brunette who brings the drama on season 2 of The Real Housewives of Dallas?
Real Housewives of Dallas are getting to know newcomer D'Andra Simmons, who joined fellow new Housewife Kameron Westcott in shaking up the dynamic among returning cast members Cary Deuber, Stephanie Hollman, Brandi Redmond and controversial brown-haired beauty LeeAnne Locken.
Here are five things to know about Simmons.
1. She's a Dallas socialite.
Simmons was born and raised in Dallas and comes from a wealthy family that is considered one of the city's most prominent. Her father, Glenn Simmons, and uncle were self-made millionaires. The Simmons name can be spotted throughout the city on numerous buildings, including the medical center and at Southern Methodist University.
“Growing up, I was just spoiled rotten, my mom would say,” Simmons explained on the premiere. “I had something like 275 dresses at 5 years old and 75 pairs of shoes. I don't think I've gotten out of that phase.”
2. She's married to a photojournalist.
Simmons' husband, Jeremy, is a photojournalist who is retired from the military and has two children from a previous marriage. The couple's Highland Park home is filled with photos and souvenirs from their travels across the globe.
3. She was initially pursuing politics.
After graduating from college, Simmons didn't have to work, but she wanted to prove that she could do things independently. In 2004, she was pursuing a career in politics in Washington, D.C., when she was convinced to return to Dallas to run her mother's company.
4. She works for her mother's company.
Simmons' mother, Dee, is a breast cancer survivor who founded a lucrative nutrition product line 20 years after her diagnosis. Thirteen years ago, Dee was supposed to turn the reins of her company over to her daughter, but she still actively runs it today.
“She says she wants to retire, but my mother, just like I am, we're both control freaks. So it's going to be hard to let go of those reins,” Simmons explained. “She's afraid that I grew up with a silver spoon in my mouth, so now I don't know how to make money. Let's just put it that way.”
5. She's best friends with LeeAnne Locken.
Simmons and Locken are thick as thieves, so we anticipate to see the strong bond between these two brunettes to be played out at some point this season.
“D'Andra Simmons comes from a legacy family of Dallas,” Locken shared. “And I'm lucky she happens to be my best friend.”
The Real Housewives of Dallas airs Mondays (10 p.m. ET) on Bravo.
The cost of paving a host of city streets in Timmins has come in well below the expected budget price with a savings of roughly half a million dollars.
Timmins city council has approved a contract with Miller Paving Ltd., which had a winning bid of $1,523,743. The city's original estimate for the work was more than $2-million. This represents savings of $556,000. The losing tender, submitted by Interpaving Ltd., was also below budget at $1.7-million.
City engineering manager Pat Seguin presented the contract at the June 5 council meeting where he revealed that the tender was put out for routine paving and surface treatments on streets and rural roads throughout the city.
He said the work would include paving on McBride Street in the west end, along areas of Pine Street South, grind-and-pave programs on several streets, and roughly 11 kilometres or surface treatment on rural roads. The schedule for the work is from mid June through to the first week of October, he said.
Seguin said the contract does not include the paving work to be done on the Connecting Link, the section of Highway 101 between the Tisdale cemetery and the bottom of Rea Hill. That work is to be done through another contract.
“But the good news story is that the contract came approximately 25% below our estimate, below last year's cost,” said Seguin.
“I recommend we go ahead with this before they change their mind,” he quickly added.
Given that the city was saving half a million dollars, Coun. Pat Bamford asked if it wasn't possible to pro-rate the contract to do additional “shave and pave” work across the city.
Seguin said he would need to have a second look at the contract but added that shave and pave is not the engineering solution for all roads.
“We're not finished yet, so I'd hate to put the money into something else before we get the work done,” Seguin said. He added there is certainly a need for a lot more roadwork throughout the city.
Coun. Rick Dubeau agreed it was good news and asked Seguin why the bids came in lower than expected.
Seguin said it “was the same bidders as always” but could not be sure why the price was lower.
Mayor Steve Black said he had been in contact with the successful bidder and he too inquired about the lower bids, considering that Timmins made changes last year and asked for better quality asphalt in terms of what could be used in the mix and what could not be used.
“It was not something they had ample supply of. They had to do the testing for us; get the asphalt mix right and it was not something they kept readily on hand,” said Black.
He added that he was told that two other major cities in Ontario has switched over to the more expensive mix of asphalt and so companies are now keeping a ready supply on hand.
“So that lowered their cost down to be readily available and having those supplies ready,” said Black.
Another factor he said is that competition in other areas of the North has ramped up a bit and it means that other bidders are making sure there are good supplies of asphalt in this part of the province.
Definitely having from another asphalt company a ready supply of our required asphalt to plays into the equation said Black.
Coun. Joe Campbell asked Seguin if he knew if there were other asphalt suppliers nearby in other parts of Northeastern Ontario.
Seguin said he had heard that MTO (Ministry of Transportation of Ontario) has some major paving jobs and that portable asphalt plants had been brought into the area.
Campbell asked if this would create a situation where bidders would drop their prices. Seguin said it was possible.
Coun. Mike Doody said he was impressed with the plans for the shave and pave work in Timmins, adding that if he had his way, the work would be doubled.
“I think it is sending out a message that mayor and council is getting serious about the road conditions within our community,” said Doody. He said the Connecting Link work was important, but so is the need to try to keep the local roads up to spec as well.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PETERSBURG, Va. - Young students at Westview Early Childhood Education Center have a teacher's helper today.
"What color is this?” Keaundra Graves asked.
“Purple!” yelled the little girl making a Mother's Day card for her mom.
Graves, an 11th grade student, is volunteering through the Blanford Academy Alternative Program.
"Doing activities with them. I love them. Helping them make Mother's Day cards, stuff like that," Graves said.
Students from Blanford have experienced problems at their regular schools.
While attending Blanford, they have a smaller setting, get more one-on-one time with teachers, and get to help others.
"We try to teach kids to not always look for what people can do for you,” Blanford Academy Principal Alicia Fields said, “but what you can do for other people and give back."
Keaundra is joining other Blanford students at Westview, reading to the kids, making crafts, and getting asked a lot of questions.
"What's my name? How old am I? What do you like to eat? What do you like to do? "
The smiles on [ the faces of Blanford students] and the smiles on the faces of the students here at Westview Early Childhood Center is priceless.
"Oh yes, I've got big plans for my life." Keaundra said. "I'm going to graduate next year. I want to go to the military and go to college. I'd like to be a forensic pathologist."
Keaundra is building a future by helping to Build Better Minds.
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Global Assets in 2017 reut.rs/2ne9sjH
* Wall Street little changed, dollar dips
* MSCI world index on track for more than 6 pct gain for quarter
* Oil falls, on track for quaterly decline (Updates with early U.S. market activity)
By Caroline Valetkevitch
NEW YORK, March 31 An index of world stocks dipped on Friday as investors locked in a quarterly gain that has given equities their best start to a year since 2012, while the dollar inched lower after a Federal Reserve official said the U.S. central bank was in no rush to tighten policy.
U.S. stocks indexes were nearly flat in late-morning trading. The S&P 500 was still on track to gain about 6 percent for the first quarter, its biggest quarterly gain since 2013.
Emerging market equities fell sharply though, with the MSCI emerging markets index down 1.1 percent on Friday. MSCI's EM stocks index is up 12.5 percent on a dollar-adjusted basis. reut.rs/2ne9sjH
Shares saw profit-taking as traders squared up for the quarter. There was remaining nervousness over South Africa's sacking of its respected finance minister, which sent the rand tumbling again.
World stocks as measured by the MSCI world equity index were down 0.3 percent on Friday but up 6.6 percent for the quarter so far.
In the United States, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 22.98 points, or 0.11 percent, to 20,705.51, the S&P 500 had gained 0.79 points, or 0.03 percent, to 2,368.85 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 7.58 points, or 0.13 percent, to 5,921.92.
The dollar index was down 0.1 percent after New York Fed President William Dudley said the central bank was in no rush to tighten monetary policy and following uninspiring data on the U.S. economy.
"A lot of the air went out of the balloon today because we didn't get quite the positive data set that we wanted and we're still getting relatively cautious commentary from the Fed," said Boris Schlossberg, managing director of FX strategy at BK Asset Management. Over the quarter the greenback has fallen 1.8 percent, its worst showing in a year, on doubts that U.S. President Donald Trump was not prioritizing - and did not have the necessary power to push through Congress - the economic reforms that had driven the dollar to 14-year highs at the start of the year.
Next week promises to be an interesting start to the second quarter.
Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet in Florida and the U.S. president has set the tone for a tense few days by tweeting that Washington could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses.
He will also sign executive orders on Friday aimed at identifying abuses that are causing the deficits and clamping down on non-payment of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on imports, his top trade officials said.
China's Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday that it does not have a policy to devalue its currency to promote exports, and neither does it seek a trade surplus with the United States.
In commondities, oil prices fell after a three-day rally ran out of steam.
Brent oil were down 38 cents at $52.58 a barrel, while U.S. crude futures were down 15 cents at $50.20 a barrel after slipping back below $50. Both were are on track to end the quarter around 7 percent lower.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Additional reporting by Marc Jones in London; Editing by John Stonestreet and Alistair Bell)
Alex Louie has 477 days of jail time left to serve after being sentenced on five charges, related to smuggling handguns across the border in Osoyoos.
Louie, a 50 year old Oliver man who goes by the name Senk'lip, was found guilty by a jury in October, and sentenced on Monday at the Penticton courthouse. Justice Arne Silverman issued the mandatory minimum sentence of three years, which was reduced by 618 days due to entitled credit for time served while awaiting trial.
Senk'lip had entered the U.S. on Jan. 31, 2017 and acquired two handguns. Arriving at the Canadian border at Osoyoos on Feb. 1 around 1:30 a.m., the Canada Border Service Agents had conducted a secondary inspection of his vehicle. The CBSA had earlier received a confidential tip that someone would be attempting to bring guns across the border illegally, prompting them to stop and search every vehicle that crossed.
Related: Man charged with smuggling handguns across Osoyoos border
Upon a thorough search of his vehicle, it was found that two Hi-Point CF-380 handguns were tied to the undercarriage of Senk'lip's vehicle with wire. It was determined that the wire had been bought the evening before he had crossed.
Senk'lip said he had been in the U.S. for seven hours and denied having any firearms or weapons in the vehicle. Officers also found two boxes of ammunition, one of which was determined by the CBSA to fit the calibre and make of the handguns found under the vehicle.
Related: Guilty on gun smuggling charges
Senk'lip, had attempted to argue the court had no jurisdiction over him as an Indigenous man on unceded territory, but Justice Arne Silverman shot that argument down before the trial began. Silverman again had to remind Senk'lip, who did not have a lawyer throughout the proceedings and opted to represent himself, of this during the sentencing at the Penticton courthouse on Monday as he argued the same points.
Related: Alleged gun smuggler's name disputed
Senk'lip, who has no prior record, was sentenced on two counts of unauthorized import/export firearms, two counts of possession of a firearm without licence and/or registration and making a false or deceptive statement regarding the import of goods. Four other charges were stayed following the conclusion of a jury trial.
Silverman said if it was a non-Indigenous person he would have sentenced them to four years in prison but took into consideration his background as required.
kristi.patton@pentictonwesternnews.com
LONDON, April 13 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A rise in online adverts offering accommodation in Britain rent-free in exchange for sex has fuelled fears among charities over the safety of young, homeless people who could fall prey to sexual abuse.
One posting offered escort work along with accommodation. Another proposed a rent-free "friends with benefits" arrangement.
The ads posted on U.S.-based internet bulletin board Craigslist have prompted charities to call for the website's vetting procedures to be examined.
Craigslist did not respond to a request for comment.
"I think it's awful that young people are in a situation where they consider taking up these ads," Jennifer Barnes, head of policy and research for Centrepoint homeless charity, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Last year more than 4,100 people slept rough in England, a 16 percent rise on the year before, according to the Department for Communities and Local Government.
Barnes said besides searching for housing on websites like Craigslist, some young people were using dating apps and dating websites to find shelter, while others were approaching people in clubs or bars and asking whether they could stay with them.
Many young people who end up homeless are escaping abuse at home and need accommodation last minute, Barnes said.
"Young people aren't doing this because they want to, they're doing it because they're desperate for somewhere to stay," Barnes said. "By going down this route they're putting themselves at significant risk."
A survey by Centrepoint in December found that 26 percent of young, homeless people had stayed in the house of a stranger. (Reporting by Sally Hayden @sallyhayd, Editing by Katie Nguyen.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
Welsh wizard Gareth Bale has agreed to leave European champions Real Madrid in the summer, according to today's football transfer grapevine.
The rumour mill also suggests that manager Arsene Wenger has finally accepted that Olivier Giroud has a future at Arsenal and is prepared to start him in more matches, but he could soon be losing Hector Bellerin to Juventus.
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
I LOVE THE 90'S – THE PARTY CONTINUES TOUR is coming to Mohegan Sun Arena on September 2nd 2017 and we want to send you to see the show!
TLC will take the reins on a nostalgia-driven blast from the past joined by a stellar cast of 90's hit makers including Montell Jordan, Color Me Badd, Biz Markie, Coolio and C+C Music Factory with Freedom Williams.
Tickets are on sale now through ticketmaster.com and any Ticketmaster outlet, but we want you to win them right here! Listen for your chance to call-in with Gina J all this week starting at 2pm. When you hear the cue to call, dial 860-247-9696 and you could win a pair of tickets to see the show!
Brought to you by 96.5 TIC and Mohegan Sun – Full of Life. Discover even more unlimited possibilities at DUO, Mohegan Sun's new, ultra-hip, high-energy Blackjack lounge, open Fridays and Saturdays.
Conservatives sue University of Minnesota over speech venue
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Conservative groups are suing the University of Minnesota, arguing that the school violated their free speech rights by moving a conservative speaker to its smaller St. Paul campus.
The lawsuit filed Tuesday asks a federal court to declare the groups' First Amendment rights were violated and seeks an unspecified amount of money.
Students for a Conservative Voice and the Young America's Foundation invited conservative speaker Ben Shapiro to speak in February.
They wanted to hold the event in a 1,000-seat hall on the main Minneapolis campus. But university officials cited safety concerns and moved the event to a 400-seat ballroom in St. Paul.
The groups allege the university has a "Speech Suppression Policy."
Shapiro is a plaintiff in the lawsuit.
University officials say they are reviewing the lawsuit.
Wayfair has its answer to Amazon's Prime Day: Way Day.
Similar to Prime Day, the first-ever Way Day is intended to be a new “retail holiday” like Black Friday, and will feature major discounts site wide. That includes thousands of furniture, décor, outdoor living and home improvement items, according to a release from the brand.
Also like it's super-sale forebear, it only lasts 24 hours and new deals and door busters will launch every 6 hours throughout the day, so savvy shoppers should keep refreshing!
RELATED: The Best Camping and Hiking Gear You Can Find on Amazon
In short, this is the moment design lovers or even armchair decorators have been waiting for. Overwhelmed at the prospect? Here's what we're buying:
Wayfair
1. Black Diamond 4-Piece Sofa Set with Cushions, $282 from 9AM to 3PM (originally $905.52); wayfair.com
Wayfair
2. Fulton Kitchen Cart with Stainless Steel Top, $142 from 9AM to 3PM (originally $546.99); wayfair.com
3. Raybon Polyester Camping Hammock, $17.50 from 3PM to 9PM (originally $36.99); wayfair.com
4. Morpheus Reversible Sectional with Ottoman, $437 from 3PM to 9PM (originally $949.99); wayfair.com
5. Lyster Platform Bed, $76 for twin from 3PM to 9PM (originally $189 for twin); wayfair.com
To mark the first Way Day, Wayfair is also surprising people who live on streets named Wayfair — like Wayfair Lane in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey and Wayfair Drive in Pasadena, California — with events in their neighborhood. The brand isn't saying what exactly the surprise will entail until they happen on Wednesday.
RELATED: See Every Piece in Target's New Home Decor Line, Opalhouse, Out Now!
For many more must-haves, visit wayfair.com on April 25.
Chip and Joanna Gaines are safe, sound and unconcerned about rumors their security.
A representative for the couple has shut down allegations that worries about their security were behind the HGTV stars' decision to end their hit show Fixer Upper after its upcoming fifth season.
RELATED: Chip Gaines Already Has a New Gig: The Fixer Upper Star is Steering His Career in a New Direction
“Chip and Jo's decision to leave Fixer Upper is truly just based on wanting to catch their breath for a minute; to rest, refresh, and spend even more time with their family and growing businesses,” the rep told Entertainment Tonight in response to a report that “security issues” were a factor.
“It is not based on concerns for their family's safety or anything else people might read,” the statement continues. “They were very open and honest about their reasoning behind this decision when they first shared the announcement.”
WATCH THIS: This Joanna Gaines-Designed Home Is on the Market
Chip, 42, and Joanna, 39, opened up about their difficult decision in a post on the Magnolia blog, writing: “While we are confident that this is the right choice for us, it has for sure not been an easy one to come to terms with. Our family has grown up alongside yours, and we have felt you rooting us on from the other side of the screen. How bittersweet to say goodbye to the very thing that introduced us all in the first place.”
This is not the first time the Gaineses have had to shut down rumors about their personal lives. In April, and again in July, Joanna spoke out about false reports that said she was leaving the show to get into the beauty business and warned fans not to buy a “scam” face cream bearing her name.
RELATED: ‘Chip and Jo Say It Ain't So!': Fans React to the News That Fixer Upper Is Ending
In April, Joanna wrote in a blog post, “At this point in our career we can honestly say, we've heard it all—from reports of us moving our family to Vegas to us having more or less children than we actually have. So remember, you can't believe everything you read.”
The fifth and final season of Fixer Upper premieres on HGTV in November.
Anak ni Randy Santiago na si Ryan pumanaw sa edad na 24 Inquirers
SUMAKABILANG-buhay na si Ryan Leonardo Santiago, anak ng singer/actor na si Randy Santiago. Si Ryan ay namatay nitong Linggo, siya ay 24-anyos. Iniwan ni Ryan ang kanyang ama at ina na si Marilou Coronel, at dalawang kapatid na sina Raphael at Raiko. Sa mensaheng ibinahagi sa Facebook ng kapatid ni Randy na si Reily, sinabi nito na pumanaw si Ryan ng “peaceful and painless.” “Our family and friends will terribly miss his infectious smile, funny jokes and his great fashion style.” Una nang na-diagnosed si Ryan multiple sclerosis, isang sakit na di nagagamot at nagko-cause ng nerve damage at naapektuhan nito ang utak at spinal cord ng meron nito. Estudyante si Ryan ng De La Salle – College of Saint Benilde.
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
Some purchase 74 hot dogs to feed the whole family at their Fourth of July picnic, but Joey Chestnut? Well he downs 74 dogs in just 10 minutes.
The frequent champion proved victorious once again at the 2018 Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest in Coney Island, New York, on Wednesday, winning for the 11th time and earning $10,000.
At first, Chestnut's total was announced as only 64 — meaning that he fell behind his prior record of 72 dogs and buns.
It was quickly revealed, however, the Chestnut — who defeated 20 other competitors — actually ate 74, setting a new world record.
Erik Pendzich/REX/Shutterstock
Chestnut also downed nearly 30 more hot dogs than the second place winner, Carmen Cincotti, who only gobbled up 45 of the franks and buns.
Chestnut, 34, told Mercury News ahead of the competition that despite his previous 10 wins, “I still get nervous.”
Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images
He added, “I look forward to this contest more than any other.”
In the women's competition, Miki Sudo was victorious, downing 37 hot dogs and buns, and winning for the fifth time. The second place winner, Michelle Lesco, only managed 28.
Atilgan Ozdil/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
Though she didn't beat her previous year's record of 41, Sudo said, “I just left room for improvement next year,” according to NBC Bay Area. She walks away with the coveted Nathan's belt, and $10,000.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Skipper Richard Keogh says he hopes he can finish his career at Derby County.
The 31-year-old defender was speaking after signing a new three-and-a-half-year deal , which will run until the summer of 2021.
"I wanted to commit myself to the club and hopefully I can finish my career here, that would be amazing," the Republic of Ireland international added.
"We have got a massive connection with each other - we've been through highs and lows, and it (the club) is a part of me now.
"I've got a real connection with everyone at Derby. It will forever be in my heart.
"When I came here, I said to myself that I wanted to be a part of the history of this club. Hopefully, I will be but I'm not ready to stop there.
"I feel like I'm coming towards my best years. I've got loads to offer, and I'm still excited to come in every day."
Keogh has made 276 appearances for Derby since joining the club from Coventry City for £1m in the summer of 2012. He has scored eight goals.
Twice player of the year, he has started every league game this season and has forged an impressive centre-back partnership with Curtis Davies.
He is set to lead out the team in Saturday's Championship clash with Brentford at Pride Park Stadium on Saturday (3pm).
April 13 Shanghai Haohai Biological Technology Co Ltd:
* Haohai healthcare holdings (bvi) co., ltd., and sellers entered into a share purchase agreement
* Simon david wyatt, robert john mcgregor, robert edward lewis and john alexander mcgregor, collectively as "sellers"
* Deal for a consideration of approximately hkd241.1 million
* Sellers agreed to sell 70% of share capital in a UK company to haohai healthcare holdings (bvi)
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
President Donald Trump was apparently eager to forge a friendship with fellow world leader Emmanuel Macron amid a state visit on Tuesday — but two headline-making moments seemed more awkward than amiable.
First, some people on Twitter poked fun of Trump after he grabbed the French president's hand — and then continued holding it while leading him away from reporters outside the White House.
“That Trump-Macron hand grab thing just now was super weird,” CNN's Chris Cillizza observed on Twitter. “Can someone please GIF it for me?”
Another Twitter user jokingly added “light hand-holding” to the Trump-Macron state-visit schedule, in between bilateral meetings and state dinner.
Donald Trump (left) and Emmanuel Macron Kleponis-Pool/Getty
Watch Trump yank Macron away like he's a kid on a mission to eat some ice cream. pic.twitter.com/tGrDAsakAR — Scott Dworkin (@funder) April 24, 2018
That Trump-Macron hand grab thing just now was super weird. Can someone please GIF it for me? — Chris Cillizza (@CillizzaCNN) April 24, 2018
Trump-Macron Schedule:
1) Bilateral meetings
2) Light hand holding
3) State dinner pic.twitter.com/NPVCVFJap7 — Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) April 24, 2018
The moment came on the heels' of yet another awkward hand-holding episode between Trump and wife Melania — prompting comments that no one seems to want to hold Trump's hand today.
Neither Melania nor Macron want to hold Trump's hand. https://t.co/Q5aC1xayaA — Jim Cassidy (@JimCassidy48) April 24, 2018
That's because Trump needs to hold someone's hand and I guess Macron is it since Melania already has hand checked him today. — Erika Outlaw (@OutlawErika) April 24, 2018
Later, in the Oval Office, Trump struck an uncomfortable note once again when he joked that he was brushing dandruff off Macron's shoulder.
“They're all saying what a great relationship we have, and they're actually correct,” Trump said to Macron and reporters gathered in the Oval Office. “We do have a very special relationship. In fact, I'll get that little piece of dandruff off — we have to make him perfect. He is perfect.”
He then turned to Macron and brushed his shoulder as photographers clicked away.
Emmanuel Macron (left) and Donald Trump LUDOVIC MARIN/AFP/Getty
Emmanuel Macron (left) and Donald Trump Chris Kleponis/POOL/EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock
Some people on Twitter called the moment a diplomatic “power move.”
A tweet from a parody Trump account joked: “I wasn't able to overpower #France President #Macron with my macho handshake,so my next power move was pretending to pick dandruff off his suit & telling the press I did it to make him ‘perfect'!”
I wasn't able to overpower #France President #Macron with my macho handshake,so my next power move was pretending to pick dandruff off his suit & telling the press I did it to make him “perfect”!#America MUST be so PROUD of #Trump diplomacy!#Spanky#TrumpCult#TrumpCrimeFamily — Donald J. Trump (@Trumptweets2020) April 24, 2018
HOLY SHIT. TRUMP JUST SAID HIS RELATIONSHIP WITH MACRON IS SO GOOD THAT HE BRUSHED OFF DANDRUFF FROM HIS COAT IN FRONT OF THE CAMERAS. DIPLOMATIC POWER MOVE. pic.twitter.com/IIeNVCKLKS — David Mack (@davidmackau) April 24, 2018
A lot of people were confident the move was intended to belittle Macron.
Trump picking 'Dandruff' off Macron: Power play. An insult. A bald old man jealously grooming a full haired young man. Weird?
Never witnessed anything remotely close happening when global powers meet. I'm sure the French are embarrassed & outraged! 😂 pic.twitter.com/bpTppgiJTr — Jigme (@JigmeUgen) April 24, 2018
Trump trying to play bully and tough guy. #BarrelsOfMoney
It was their money.
Trying to embarrass Macron over the 'brushing off dandruff' stunt.
WTF? — 2018 Vote Dems! Our Lives Depend on Our Votes! (@AlasscanIsBack) April 24, 2018
Trump touches Macron without permission & manages to insult him about his dandruff? Unbelievably crass. https://t.co/noPKy9qFTO — Patty (@2havefun72) April 24, 2018
I just saw #Preisdent #Trump , a man who tapes his tie to his shirt publicly act like he had to remove "dandruff" from the suite of the stylish #French President Macron Life is a cartoon. — Jason DeWall (@JasonDeWall) April 24, 2018
No, this isn't an SNL skit, it's Trump telling Macron he has dandruff on his suit and wiping it off pic.twitter.com/uJd33tRvYv — Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) April 24, 2018
Trump wipes off dandruff from Macron's shoulder: "We have to make him perfect." You can pass this for SNL, but it is real life. pic.twitter.com/C7ZZlZAdDa — #Thinker 🌀 (@areta) April 24, 2018
And a couple tweeters had to remind themselves that yes, this was really happening — and not on Saturday Night Live.
April 5 Life Healthcare Group Holdings Ltd :
* Headline earnings per share for six months March 31 down between 50 pct to 60 pct
* Revenue for six months March 31 to be up between 20 pct and 25 pct
* Expects HY international normalised ebitda to grow 16 pct - 20 pct
* Says HY international revenue to grow 18 pct - 24 pct Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AUSTIN, Texas — A student at a middle school in Texas paid a stripper to visit campus on Thursday, school administrators confirmed to the American-Statesman.
According to the paper, the woman went went to the provided address around 11:30 a.m. on Thursday. When she arrived and discovered it was Grisham Middle School, she called the front office and explained what happened.
According to Jenny LaCoste-Caputo, a spokeswoman for Round Rock Independent School District, the woman did not enter the school.
The student used his cell phone to call the stripper and paid for the services using his parent's credit card, according to CBS Austin.
School officials said the student is facing “disciplinary action.”
In an email sent to parents and obtained by the American-Statesman, Principal Paige Hadziselimovic explained what happened on Thursday:
“Our staff handled the situation with the utmost decorum and professionalism. While regrettable, the incident had no negative impact on any students, other than the student who is responsible.”
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny is escorted upon his arrival for a hearing after being detained at the protest against corruption and demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, at the Tverskoi court in Moscow, Russia March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Russian Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev serves at the pleasure of President Vladimir Putin. And Putin may not be pleased any longer.
Last weekend, protestors in cities all over Russia, overwhelmingly young, demanded that Medvedev resign. The organizer was Alexei Navalny, a 40-year-old lawyer who has dedicated his life to opposing the Putin regime. He had swung through European Russia and Siberia in recent weeks, gathering support. In early March he released a film that featured a detailed report on Medvedev's corruption – an account of vast estates, palatial homes, two yachts and a vineyard in Tuscany.
Russian police detained Navalny on March 26, sentenced him to 15 days in jail for disobeying a police officer and fined him for organizing an illegal protest. These responses are light for Russia: Navalny and the Kremlin have been tangling for a decade. In February, a court in the city of Kirov found him guilty of embezzlement and handed him a five-year suspended sentence. The decision may make him legally unable to run for president in 2018, which he has announced he will do.
But the game is not merely between the Russian leadership and the opposition. Putin must calculate whether or not to keep Medvedev, a judgment based on whether the prime minister remains useful as a target of further protests, taking the hits for the fall in living standards brought on by declining oil prices and the sanctions regime that now affects most Russians.
The other choice is to replace him. But with whom?
The most likely candidate is Alexei Kudrin, finance minister from 2000 to 2011. He was praised for building up the “Stabilisation Fund” that has helped Russian finances over the past few years. He is now a passionate proponent for pointing the Russian economy and society in a new direction – framing his pitch in terms designed to impress Putin, that is, of strengthening security and sovereignty. His appointment would give hope to reformers and to businesses in Russia and abroad. In the United States, it would open a field of possibilities for dialogue on stronger economic ties.
The Kremlin has long objected to Kudrin because his plan would involve a change not only in the economy, but also in the way Russia is governed. Kudrin is no revolutionary and is a friend of Putin, but he wants freer politics and a more active civil society. That's risky for Putin to accept – but so is stasis. Sooner or later, anger over corruption might reach him, too.
The cult of Putin extends beyond Russia. He is popular in many parts of Europe, and not only among the hard right. Two of the five leading candidates for the French presidency – the centre-right François Fillon and the leftist Jean-Luc Mélenchon – have both said they would open discussions on Russia's “border question” with Ukraine. Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, a longtime admirer, had a friendly meeting with Putin in the Kremlin last week.
In the United States, many alt-right Republicans see Putin as a fellow opponent of liberal, cosmopolitan values, and Islam. Putin's improved image among Trump's base helps Trump. But for the moment, the Russian connection is a lingering sore for the U.S. president. Trump needs to somehow neutralize the charges of impropriety and worse in his dealings with Russia.
One way of doing so would be to report a success in resetting relations with the Kremlin, an attempt in which Barack Obama failed. A reset would require movement on both sides: A changing Russia, with a reformer as prime minister, making sense to Western and Russian business, could pacify Trump's domestic enemies, begin a revival of the Russian economy and be spun by both sides as a statesmanlike agreement between two great nations.
It would not be the reform Navalny has fought for. But if his protest leads to the end of Medvedev and a renewed partnership with the United States, he will have made the world less tense.
As a member of the federal community who served our country for years, I am concerned with an attempt to force current U.S. Postal Service retirees onto Medicare Part B, after they previously declined this coverage. While hailed as a way to improve USPS' finances, this is nothing more than balancing the books on the backs of seniors.
Why should retirees, who spent their careers serving this nation, be forced to pay an additional $134 per month, or more, for health coverage they previously deemed unnecessary? Mandatory Medicare Part B coverage was never part of the agreement made upon employment, and it should not be forced on any postal retiree, especially retroactively.
Congress is currently attempting to fix the Postal Service's problems by shifting costs to Medicare. I urge our legislators to reject any year-end deal that includes the current postal reform bill, H.R. 756. Retired postal workers proudly served our community and promises to them should be kept.
William N. Cannon, Delaware
William N. Cannon,
Delaware
March 28 eBook Initiative Japan Co Ltd :
* Says the co signed operations consignment contract with Yahoo Japan Corp
* Says the co will take over the operation of ebook stores business from Yahoo Japan
* Says effective April 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/gg9RSR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
COLUMN-Yes, disability insurance really is part of Social Security
CHICAGO, June 15 Quiz time: what do the letters “SS” stand for in SSDI?
While every canine is a good boy (or girl!), Rumor is the official Top Dog.
The 5-year-old German shepherd won the coveted Best in Show title on Tuesday night at the 141st Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, which took place at Madison Square Garden in New York City.
As part of the title, Rumor, a.k.a. GCH CH Lockenhaus' Rumor Has It V Kenlyn, and her handler Kent Boyles pawed off with a fancy silver bowl and beautiful blue ribbon.
Rumor, who won the Herding Group earlier in the show, beat out thousands of other canines from 202 breeds. Adrian the Irish Setter was runner-up, with Chuckie the Pekingese, Astin the miniature poodle, Duffy the Norwegian elkhound, Devlin the Boxer and Tanner the Norwich terrier rounding out the rest of the Best in Show pack.
The 141st #WKCDogShow Best in Show is "Rumor" the German Shepherd!!! https://t.co/9yDkm5z7tN—
Westminster Dog Show (@WKCDOGS) February 15, 2017
Rumor was the favorite to win the 2016 Westminster Best in Show, but lost out to CJ the German short-haired pointer.
To celebrate her big win, Rumor will be treated to a special lunch at famed New York City eatery Sardi's, a trip to the top of the Empire State Building and all around A-list attention in the days to come.
Boyles said that after this win he plans to focus on finding “the perfect husband” for Rumor.
KINGMAN COUNTY — A Kansas man was injured in an accident just after 7a.m. Monday in Kingman County.
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2008 Ford pickup driven by Chaine L. Fishgrab, 37, Pratt, was eastbound on NW 40th Avenue four miles north of Cunningham.
The driver lost control of the pickup. It traveled into the south ditch, hit a tree stump and overturned.
Fishgrab was transported to the hospital in Pratt. He was properly restrained at the time of the accident, according to the KHP.
As George and Amal Clooney‘s twins, Ella and Alexander, near their first birthday on June 6, it's of little surprise that they've inherited a little something from their famous parents.
While they've largely been kept out of the public eye, those who have met the twins swear they're a perfect combination of George and Amal.
“They're too beautiful, simply adorable,” a source close to the family tells PEOPLE in this week's issue. “One looks just like her mother and the other is the image of his father … It looks like they took the best parts of both Amal and George and mixed them together.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Kevin Winter/Getty
Even George himself has acknowledged his daughter lucked out, joking to Entertainment Tonight that Ella “looks more like Amal, thank God.”
And while at first glance, it might appear little has changed for the power couple since the twins were born — after all, they're still Hollywood's most glamorous and seemingly relaxed couple, crisscrossing the globe for work and play. But in truth, almost everything has changed and they've never been happier.
“George and Amal are very hands-on parents,” says the family source of the Clooney's, who are raising the kids between their country estate outside London, Los Angeles and their Lake Como villa in Italy, which will serve as home base for the summer.
RELATED: Amal Clooney Is Helping Meghan Markle Settle into London Life: They Have a ‘Natural Friendship'
Chris Radburn - WPA Pool/Getty Images
“George is a great dad – so fun and silly,” says another insider.
“He always plays with the babies, and seems to love it. He entertains them for hours. Amal is amazing [with them] as well. They make an incredible team.”
For more on George and Amal Clooney's twins, pick up the latest issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday.
April 13 Nanjing Sample Technology Co Ltd
* Resolved that company will apply to csrc and other relevant regulatory authorities for proposed A share offering Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get Best Deals For Amarnath Yatra Packages Offered By Travel Vacanza
amarnath yatra packages
Contact
Travel Vacanza
+91-9654904019
k.jamwal@travelvacanza.com Travel Vacanza+91-9654904019
End
-- Travel Vacanza offer best holiday packages for India as well as for worldwide.It also offers pilgrimage packages for amarnath yatra and vaishnodevi helicopter packages including char dham tourWe offer cheap, affordable & best deals in Amarnath Yatra tour packages 2017 room Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Pune, Chandigarh, Jaipur and all the major cities of India. Amarnath tour packages include helicopter ,accommodation as well as transportation.Amarnath Darshan helicopter package tour starts with a minimum 2 nights which includes 2 nights stay at Sonamarg. Book 02 Nights Package Tour to Amarnath Darshan by Helicopter for 2017 . Amarnath Yatra by Helicopter from Travel Vacanza for holidays in Baltal, Amarnath Caves & SrinagarAmarnath Packages - Best offers on Amarnath tours & travel packages at travel Vacanza. check our customized Amarnath packages & get exciting deals for amarnath helicopter yatra packages.Get best holiday deals on Amarnath tour and holiday packages at Travel Vacanza. Enjoy Amarnath Tours, Amarnath holiday packagesFor More Details Visit Our Site http://www.amarnathjihelicopter.in/
From the Aberdeen Police Department:
On February 7, 2018 at 6:03 PM, management from Hampton Inn contacted Aberdeen Police dispatch to report a guest refusing to leave a room. Police responded to the location to begin an investigation.
Hotel management informed officers that the second floor of the hotel smelled like marijuana and identified a room that was responsible for the odor. Management knocked on the hotel room door in an attempt to have the guests empty; however, a guest inside the room allegedly cursed the employee and refused to open the door. Management was intent on evicting the guests from the property and gave officers permission to enter the room.
Officers entered the room which was now empty. Officers detected the distinct odor of marijuana and observed items in plain view consistent with drug use. Officers were in the process of continuing their investigation when two men approached them regarding the room. One of the males identified was Ronald Glenn Davis, 32, of Tarzana, CA. Davis had rented the room and gave officers written permission to search it. Officers searched the room and recovered approximately 126 grams of marijuana, packaging materials, a ledger that contained language consistent with the sale of controlled dangerous substances, and a briefcase containing $92,164 dollars.
Davis was placed under arrest. The second male was not arrested. Davis was charged with possession of marijuana and possession with intent to distribute. Davis was transported to the Harford County Detention Center for processing.
Vladimir Meciar, leader of the Movement for a Democratic Slovakia (HZDS) puts his hand on the Slovak Constitution as he swears-in to the newly elected Slovak Parliament in Bratislava July 4, 2006. REUTERS/Petr Josek (Slovakia)
Former Slovak President Michal Kovac waves to anti-government demonstrators protesting against the policies of Slovak Prime Minister Vladimir Meciar in Bratislava in this March 25, 1998 file photo. REUTERS/File Photo
BRATISLAVA Slovakia's parliament on Wednesday cancelled amnesties granted by former prime minister Vladimir Meciar to his secret service chief and 12 others for the 1995 kidnapping of the then president's son, paving the way for a fresh probe.
The vote follows last week's constitutional amendment that allows parliament to revoke the pardons. Many politicians have condemned them but long insisted they were irrevocable.
Many Slovaks see the pardons as a state-sponsored crime that went unpunished and a symbol of the country's slide from democratic rule under Meciar. Cancelling the amnesties will allow prosecutors to resume investigating the abduction.
A movie based on the kidnapping of former president Michal Kovac's son - also named Michal - has already become the most popular Slovak film ever.
The cancellation, backed by 129 out of 150 lawmakers, will have to be confirmed by the Constitutional Court within 60 days.
"This step allows us to come to terms with the ill-conceived legacy of Meciar amnesties," leftist Prime Minister Robert Fico said before the vote. Meciar was a junior coalition partner in Fico's first government in 2006-2010.
"The time has come and political will has occurred to remove this stigma of Slovak politics," added Fico, who refused to back the cancellation efforts in the past but made a U-turn last month to meet public demands.
An opinion poll in February showed 63 percent of Slovaks want the amnesties cancelled. More than 84,000 have signed an online petition, a record for Slovakia.
Kovac was a symbol of resistance to Meciar, under whose rule Slovakia was denied an initial invitation to join the EU and NATO along with its central European post-communist neighbours.
Madeleine Albright, then the United States Secretary of State, called the country "the black hole of Europe".
Meciar denied any responsibility for the kidnapping last month.
While he was interim president after Kovac's term expired in 1998, Meciar granted amnesties preventing prosecution of 13 people, including his close ally who was head of the country's secret service (SIS), suspected to have kidnapped Kovac's son to Austria, where he was dumped outside a police station.
A secret service agent who gave evidence on the case fled abroad fearing for his life. A friend who helped him escape died when his car was blown up in 1996.
When Kovac died last October, current President Andrej Kiska urged lawmakers to cancel the amnesties.
(Reporting by Tatiana Jancarikova; Editing by Stephen Powell)
Wednesday A 30 percent chance of showers, mainly between 10am and 1pm. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 55. North northwest wind 11 to 14 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph.
Wednesday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 37. North wind 5 to 11 mph becoming southwest after midnight.
Thursday Mostly sunny, with a high near 66. Breezy, with a southwest wind 7 to 12 mph becoming north 18 to 23 mph in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 32 mph.
Thursday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 37. Breezy.
Friday Sunny, with a high near 66.
Friday Night Clear, with a low around 41.
Saturday Sunny, with a high near 74.
Saturday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 50.
Sunday Sunny, with a high near 78. Breezy.
Sunday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 55. Breezy.
Monday Mostly sunny, with a high near 80. Breezy.
Monday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 55. Breezy.
Tuesday A 20 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Partly sunny, with a high near 74. Breezy.
Malacañang on Monday dismissed as mere “propaganda” the photos circulating on social media showing President Rodrigo Duterte's eldest son, Davao City Vice Mayor Paolo Duterte, with Kenneth Dong, the middleman in the delivery of 604-kilogram shabu from China into the country.
In a chance interview, Palace spokesman Ernesto Abella said sharing of photos of the two online is just “trial by publicity.”
“If [there is]anything serious regarding this matter, then [you]should raise the issue, raise the issue at the proper venue… At the end of the day, what does it become? It becomes a trial by publicity,” Abella told reporters.
The Palace official said the photos must first be vetted for accuracy in order to count them as documentary evidence.
“I mean what does a picture prove? [It's] different when [it is shown]in the court and different when there is really documentary evidence,” Abella added.
“Yun ang sinasabi, ang mahalaga, documentary evidence, hindi lang sabi-sabi [That's what's important, documentary evidence, not hearsay]… Otherwise, all of these things are just speculations, propaganda that can be used and misused,” he said.
Abella reiterated President Duterte's promise to step down from office if anyone can give him an affidavit proving his son is corrupt.
“Well the President said, kung pamilya niya ang madadawit, siya mismo ang bababa [if his family was really into it, he himself will step down as President],” he said.
Customs broker Mark Taguba earlier dropped several names of government officials who were on the take from smugglers during a congressional hearing on August 6.
One of the names that cropped up was that of Duterte's son, Paolo, who immediately denied the accusations.
On Friday, President Duterte promised to resign if the corruption allegation against his son was proven.
“If my son was really into it or is in there, all you have to do is to produce the paper because there are two ways of evidence, oral and documentary,” the President said in his speech in Davao City.
“Just give me an affidavit and I will step down as President of this Republic, and that is my commitment to you now. That is my word,” he added.
Aside from Paolo, four senators were also linked to Dong, the middleman who who dealt with Taguba in the shabu shipment from China.
Dong was a campaign donor of Sen. Joel Villanueva in the 2016 elections while Senate President Pro-Tempore Ralph Recto as well as senators Risa Hontiveros, Juan Miguel Zubiri and Francis Pangilinan were his wedding sponsors in 2013.
In separate statements, Zubiri, Hontiveros, Pangilinan and Villanueva confirmed reports that they had connections with Dong.
But all denied knowing his involvement in illegal drugs.
× Today is tax day. Here's what you need to know
NEW YORK — When it comes to filing your taxes, today is not the day to dawdle.
Tax returns are due today — April 18, 2017 — as is any remaining money you owe to Uncle Sam for 2016.
So if you still have an unpaid balance for last year, you'll have to act fast to avoid getting penalized.
The best thing you can do is file your 2016 tax return, or at least file for an automatic six-month extension.
If you don't do either, you'll be hit with a failure-to-file penalty. That will amount to 5% of your unpaid taxes for every month — or part of a month — that you don't file for up to five months. So that penalty will cap out at 25% of your unpaid taxes.
On top of that you'll be subject to a failure-to-pay penalty, which amounts to 0.5% of your unpaid taxes every month, for up to 50 months, for a maximum of 25% of your outstanding balance.
Did we mention interest? On top of these penalties, you'll also be charged interest on your unpaid taxes starting on April 19.
Here's what you should do if you owe money but still haven't filed:
At least file something.
As the IRS helpfully notes, “the failure-to-file penalty is 10 times more than the failure-to-pay penalty. So if you can't pay in full, you should file your tax return and pay as much as you can.” Or at least file for an extension and include some payment with it.
Learn what your payment options are.
The IRS has a number of payment plans available if you can't pay all that you owe.
If you owe more than $10,000, you might consider hiring a tax attorney, enrolled agent or CPA with experience setting up payment plans to represent you.
“The more that is owed to the IRS, the more complicated it becomes to negotiate with the government,” according to Garrett and Deborah Gregory, two former IRS attorneys who wrote the “Guide to IRS Collections for Liabilities under $10,000.”
Filing may help you avoid a late-payment penalty
If you've already paid at least 90% of the taxes you owe for 2016, you may be spared the late-payment penalty so long as you at least file for an extension. You will, however, still owe interest on your unpaid balance until it's paid off.
If you're reading this and thinking I don't have to file today because I probably don't owe any more money, file anyway. What if you're wrong and it turns out you do owe money? If you don't file your return or apply for an extension, you'll get hit with the penalties above plus interest.
Second, if you're owed a refund, why wait? The average refund the IRS has paid out so far this year is $2,850.
WASHINGTON | The U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations. It marked the first monthly hiring decline in nearly seven years.
The unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the Labor Department said Friday, the lowest level since February 2001 and a sign that the job market remains fundamentally solid. Hiring is expected to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars, which shed 105,000 jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry. Roughly 1.5 million people were unable to work last month because of the weather, the government said, the most in 20 years.
On this Thursday, Aug. 24, 2017, photo, Phil Wiggett, right, a recruiter with the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, looks at a resume during a job fair in San Jose, Calif. On Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, the U.S. government issues the September jobs report. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
Hourly workers who couldn't work and missed a paycheck would have been counted as not working, thereby lowering September's job total. That's true even if those employees returned to work after the storm passed or will return.
The unemployment rate fell because it is calculated with a separate survey of households. That survey counted people as employed even if they were temporarily off work because of the storms. In fact, the proportion of adults who have jobs rose to 60.4 percent, the highest since January 2009.
Average hourly wages rose a healthy 2.9 percent from 12 months earlier. Still, the government said that figure was artificially inflated by the loss of so many lower-paid workers in hurricane-hit areas. The result was that higher-paid workers disproportionately boosted the wage figure.
More than 11 million people had been employed in the 87 counties in Texas and Florida that were declared disaster areas, the government says. That's equal to about 7.7 percent of the nation's workforce.
Other recent indicators point to a solid economy and job market. This week, a survey of services firms — covering restaurants, construction companies, retail stores, banks and others — found that they expanded in September at their fastest monthly pace since 2005. That followed a survey of manufacturers, which found an equally strong gain. Factory activity expanded at the fastest pace in more than 13 years.
Some signs suggest that a rebound from the hurricanes is already boosting the economy. Auto sales, which had been lackluster this year, jumped 6.1 percent to more than 1.5 million in September from a year ago, according to Autodata Corp., as Americans began to replace cars destroyed by the storms. That increase in purchases should soon lead automakers to step up production.
Harvey caused about $76 billion to $87 billion in economic losses, according to Moody's Analytics, an economic consulting firm. The estimate includes damage to homes and businesses as well as lost business and economic output. That calculation would make Harvey the second-worst U.S. natural disaster, after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Irma will likely end up having caused $58 billion to $83 billion in economic losses, Moody's forecasts. Maria, which hammered Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, could cost $45 billion to $95 billion, though that is a preliminary estimate.
This story has been corrected to show that September's job losses figure was the first decline in nearly seven years.
Uma Thurman has finally come forward to speak out about her alleged experience with disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, accusing him of forcing himself on her and exposing himself in hotel rooms.
Months after going viral for a tense interview in which she carefully declined to speak about Weinstein until she was “ready,” the 47-year-old actress told her story in an interview with Maureen Dowd published on The New York Times on Saturday.
She alleged Weinstein first whipped out his now infamous bathrobe during a meeting in his Paris hotel room during the afterglow of 1994's Pulp Fiction. There, she claimed he led her down a hallway to a steam room, where she asked him “This is ridiculous, what are you doing?” before he ran out.
“I didn't feel threatened,” she recalled. “I thought he was being super idiosyncratic, like this was your kooky, eccentric uncle.”
The first alleged attack happened London's Savoy hotel. “It was such a bat to the head,” she said of the alleged encounter, the exact date of which she did not give. “He pushed me down. He tried to shove himself on me.”
“He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things. But he didn't actually put his back into it and force me.”
Uma Thurman Walter McBride/WireImage
The next day, she claimed Weinstien sent her a bouquet of yellow roses as a way to apologize. She returned to the hotel to confront him, this time taking with her a male friend for protection who waited downstairs as she went up to his room with his assistants.
“If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you,” she said she told him. In response, she reportedly told her friend afterwards that he had threatened to destroy her career.
A rep for Weinstein appeared to corroborate Thurman's version of the Paris and London encounters, telling The Times, “She very well could have said this” in response to her threats to expose him. But the rep denied ever delivering an ultimatum about her career.
“Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making a pass at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading her signals in Paris,” the rep said in a statement to The Times, claiming that up until the Paris steam room, they had had “a flirtatious and fun working relationship” and that “he immediately apologized.”
Quentin Tarantino and Harvey Weinstein Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
Elsewhere in her chat, Thurman alleged that Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill director Quentin Tarantino — who worked closely with her and Weinstein on both projects — forced her to do a stunt in Kill Bill that left her neck “permanently damaged” and her knees “screwed-up.”
She alleged no sexual misconduct against Tarantino, but said the two fought for years before he finally provided Thurman with the footage of the crash.
Thurman also told The Times she felt guilty for all of Weinstien's alleged victims that followed suit.
“I am one of the reasons that a young girl would walk into his room alone,” she said, explaining how Kill Bill became a symbol of female empowerment. “All these lambs walked into slaughter because they were convinced nobody rises to such a position who would do something illegal to you, but they do. … I stand as both a person who was subjected to it and a person who was then also part of the cloud cover.”
Reps for Thurman, Tarantino and Weinstien did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment.
The actress collaborated with Weinstein on seven movies, including her Oscar-nominated role in Pulp Fiction and the Kill Bill series. Late last year, she hinted at misconduct claims in an Instagram post on Thanksgiving Day where she promised she would be speaking further soon.
“I am grateful today, to be alive, for all those I love, and for all those who have the courage to stand up for others,” she wrote on Instagram alongside a picture of herself in Kill Bill. “I said I was angry recently, and I have a few reasons, #metoo, in case you couldn't tell by the look on my face. I feel it's important to take your time, be fair, be exact, so… Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! (Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators – I'm glad it's going slowly – You don't deserve a bullet) -stay tuned.”
RELATED: Uma Thurman's Chilling Response to Harvey Weinstein Scandal
When asked about her thoughts on the sexual harassment allegations against him in October, the star was visibly upset as she declined to speak in that moment.
“I don't have a tidy soundbite for you, because I have learned — I am not a child and I have learned that… when I've spoken in anger, I usually regret the way I express myself,” Thurman told Access Hollywood, carefully choosing her words. “So I've been waiting to feel less angry… and when I'm ready, I'll say what I have to say.”
Weinstein, 65, has been accused of sexual misconduct by over 60 women including Cara Delevingne, Ashley Judd and Gwyneth Paltrow since The New York Times and The New Yorker documented decades of alleged sexual misconduct and sexual assault involving a number of women in detailed articles last fall.
A spokesperson for Weinstein previously told PEOPLE in a statement that “any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied by Mr. Weinstein. Mr. Weinstein has further confirmed that there were never any acts of retaliation against any women for refusing his advances.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
× 80 acres in eastern Henrico eyed for development project
HENRICO, Va. — A developer from New Jersey is making a play in eastern Henrico, with his eye on a swath of bank-owned property once held by a now-defunct real estate investment firm.
Salvatore Cangiano has submitted preliminary plans with the county to rezone and develop 80 acres formerly held by The Tetra Cos. at Dry Bridge and East Williamsburg roads near Interstate 295.
Dubbed Drybridge Commons, plans call for the site to accommodate 43 single-family residences, 230 townhomes, 13 acres of commercial development that includes retail, office space and a hotel, and a fast-casual restaurant.
The developer is under contract to purchase the land from Essex Bank, said Andrew Condlin, an attorney with Roth Jackson who is representing the seller.
Condlin would not discuss specifics about the pending deal, including a purchase price for the property. The land was most recently assessed by the county at $3.1 million. The bank took hold of the land through foreclosure in 2011.
Cangiano also is seeking a provisional use permit for a 24-hour convenience store and gas station at the intersection of Dry Bridge and East Williamsburg roads.
Henrico County planning commissioners will hear the rezoning request at their June 14 meeting. A meeting for nearby homeowners outlining the project is scheduled for tonight at Sandston Elementary School at 6:30 p.m.
David Jordan, Cangiano's Virginia project manager overseeing the proposed development, said much of the planning is in its infancy and that neither homebuilders nor commercial tenants have yet been signed on. The group is working to get utilities to the site, he said.
“It really is a nice piece property in a nice part of town,” Jordan said. “We just felt the existing (approved site plan) is not the best and correct use for this site, and what we're proposing will be a better fit for such a location and site.”
Continue reading on RichmondBizSense.com.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4' game
DETROIT (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Michigan Lottery's "Daily 4" game were:
2-4-5-3
(two, four, five, three)
Norwalk man accused of kicking cop after domestic dispute
NORWALK — A man was charged with assaulting a police officer after a domestic dispute in which police say a's ankle was severely injured.
Lealand Gardella, 41, of Grey Hollow Road, was charged with assault on a peace officer and second-degree assault and interfering with an officer. His bond was set at $50,000.
Police said they were dispatched to a Grey Hollow Road residence on a report of a disturbance at 6:47 p.m. Sunday. Someone told police that Gardella had shown up at the home and when he was asked to leave, he cornered and punched the complainant in the head and back.
Police said that during the altercation Gardella fell on the victim's ankle, causing what they characterized as a “significant injury,” which required transport to Norwalk Hospital.
Police said Gardella was speaking slowly and had difficulty answering officers' questions. As officers attempted to handcuff Gardella, police said, he flexed his arms and pulled away. When officers were placing him in a cruiser, police said, he pushed against them, braced himself against the seat, and kicked one officer twice in the knee.
Migrants are seen aboard the former fishing trawler Golfo Azzurro, following their rescue about thirty-two hours ago from their drifting dinghies by Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, in the Mediterranean Sea, off the Libyan coast April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Migrants are seen aboard the former fishing trawler Golfo Azzurro, following their rescue about thirty-two hours ago from their drifting dinghies by Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, in the Mediterranean Sea, off the Libyan coast April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Migrants from Bangladesh are seen aboard the former fishing trawler Golfo Azzurro, following their rescue about thirty-two hours ago from their drifting dinghies by Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, in central Mediterranean Sea, off the Libyan coast April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
A Nigerian woman holds a baby girl as the baby's mother, Mariam, is resting next to her other child, two-year old Benjamin aboard the former fishing trawler Golfo Azzurro about thirty-two hours after their rescue by Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, in central Mediterranean Sea, off the Libyan coast April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
An African migrant in seen aboard the former fishing trawler Golfo Azzurro, following his rescue about thirty-two hours ago from a drifting dinghy by Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, in the Mediterranean Sea, off the Libyan coast April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
Mariam Ohene, a Nigerian migrant holds her baby girl aboard the former fishing trawler Golfo Azzurro, about thirty-two hours after her rescue along with other migrants from their drifting plastic rafts by Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, in the Mediterranean Sea, off the Libyan coast April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
A migrant baby girl is seen sleeping aboard the former fishing trawler Golfo Azzurro, about thirty-two hours after her rescue along other migrants from their drifting plastic rafts by Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms, in the Mediterranean Sea, off the Libyan coast April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
ABOARD THE GOLFO AZZURRO/ROME A four day-old baby was one of over 480 migrants rescued by humanitarian ships on Saturday during search and rescue operations in the central Mediterranean Sea.
The baby was travelling on one of two rubber boats carrying over 200 migrants from North and Central Africa, Sri Lanka and Yemen and seen drifting some 22 nautical miles north of the Libyan town of Sabratha, the most frequently used departure point currently used by people smugglers in Libya.
The operation was carried out by Spanish NGO Proactiva Open arms and lasted three hours. Migrants were transferred into the former fishing trawler Golfo Azzurro, expected to reach the Sicilian port town of Augusta on Sunday afternoon.
The other rescued migrants, on board two other rubber boats, were rescued by staff on the supply vessel Vos Prudence, a spokesperson for the Coast Guard told Reuters.
Those migrants were due to reach Italy on Monday, but the destination is still unknown, the Coast Guard added.
"A week ago, I collected a dead body from the Mediterranean for the first time, and (Saturday) I carried a new life," Daniel Calvelo, the 26 year-old who transferred the baby from the raft into the rescue boat, told Reuters.
The baby's mother, a 29-year old Nigerian woman, and her husband, a 34-year old worker from Ghana, were also rescued. They had lived in Libya for over two years and decided to leave for Europe after they had the baby.
"We want to go to France or Germany, there is a future for our family there," Richard Ohene, the father, told Reuters.
Italy has become the main arrival point in Europe for people fleeing persecution and poverty in Africa, most of them crossing the Mediterranean from lawless Libya in search of a better life.
Nearly 600 migrants have died so far this year trying to reach Italy from North Africa, the International Migration Organization (IOM) estimates. Some 4,600 people are thought to have died last year.
In all, 181,000 migrants reached Italy in 2016, about half of the total who arrived in the European Union by sea.
(Reporting by Yannis Behrakis; Additional reporting and writing by Giulia Segreti; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Wetaskiwin RCMP made some serious arrests over the weekend, including one suspect charged as a drug dealer and a motorist driving the wrong way down a one-way street.
Wetaskiwin RCMP spokesperson Cst. Christine Hepburn stated, “On March 15th, 2018 Wetaskiwin RCMP Crime Reduction Unit and RCMP General Investigation Section executed a search warrant in the City of Wetaskiwin in relation to drug trafficking activity.
“As a result of intelligence gathered in the community a search warrant was executed on a residence resulting in numerous drug and weapon related offences.
“Both substances believe to be methamphetamine and fentanyl were seized from the residence.
One female, Trudy Bull, 24-years-old of Wetaskiwin, was charged with two counts of trafficking meth, two counts of possession for the purpose of trafficking, two counts of possession of a controlled substance and three counts of possession of a weapon danger to the public. Bull was also wanted on several outstanding warrants for theft.”
Hepburn noted the suspect was remanded into custody and is to appear in Wetaskiwin Court on March 20th, 2018.
Hepburn also noted crime reduction is a priority for the Alberta RCMP, and targeting repeat offenders and crime trends will allow police to impact crime in the province and increase community safety.
Wrong way driver
Hepburn also described a serious traffic situation in the county. “On March 18th, 2018 at 5:53 p.m. Wetaskiwin RCMP responded to a dangerous driving/ hit and run complaint,” she noted.
“It was reported in the area of Highway 795 and Highway 616 that a Nissan Pathfinder had been traveling in the wrong direction when it struck another vehicle. The collision occurred as a result of the female traveling in the wrong lane.
“When approached by the victim of the hit and run the suspect driver then attempted to enter his vehicle.
“The suspect vehicle fled the scene and was spotted on Highway 13 by the fire hall in Pigeon Lake. The vehicle was almost involved in a second collision with a vehicle in the oncoming lane.
“The vehicle was located by police and the female driver was arrested on scene.
“The female remains in custody at this time on numerous driving related offences.”
Stu.salkeld@pipestoneflyer.ca
ZAGREB, March 30 Orbico, a leading Croatian distribution and logistics company, has taken action to seek repayment of money it is owed by heavily-indebted food producer and retailer Agrokor, state media reported on Thursday.
"Orbico activated a promissory note worth 10 million kunas ($1.44 million)," state radio and television reported.
Orbico, which only has a small exposure to Agrokor according to local media, did not have an immediate comment when contacted by Reuters.
Analysts say if other suppliers take similar action it could cause problems for Agrokor's efforts to restructure its debts.
"If each of them (the suppliers) starts to struggle individually to get money Agrokor owes, it would just further complicate efforts to stabilise Agrokor's operations and make it eventually repay its debts," Ljubo Jurcic, an independent economist said.
Agrokor's debt to its suppliers is assessed at some 16 billion kunas, according to Croatian media.
Agrokor was not immediately available to comment.
Agrokor, the largest private firm in Croatia and biggest employer in the Balkans, has built up debts of about 45 billion kunas as it expanded rapidly.
According to Russia's VTB bank, Croatia and a group of Agrokor creditors plan to sign a "standstill agreement" this week to freeze debt repayments as part of debt restructuring talks.
The Croatian government and Agrokor have not commented on this.
Agrokor said on Wednesday it would soon release a statement about its current situation and future steps. Russia's banks, including Sberbank, are among its creditors.
Companies owned by Agrokor posted further losses in morning trade on the Zagreb bourse on Thursday. Agrokor is not listed itself, but its bonds, maturing in 2019 and 2020, are traded on foreign markets. The yields have risen sharply in the last two months.
($1 = 6.9386 kuna) (Reporting by Igor Ilic. Editing by Jane Merriman)
× Search continues for missing Tennessee boy Kaydon Leach
BLOUNT COUNTY, Tenn. — The search continues for a missing six-year-old Tennessee boy.
Kaydon Leach was last seen Monday night near his home in Tallassee, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation.
“We've had resources out all night, and we are being assisted by the military who searched the area at Top of the World by way of a Black Hawk helicopter with Flir technology,” Blount County Sheriff's Office Spokeswoman Marian O'Briant told WVLT. “We've also had boots on the ground all night.”
Investigators said the four-foot-tall, 60-pound boy may be with his dog, a small black and white Terrier.
Anyone who sees Kaydon was asked to call 1-800-TBI-FIND or 865-983-3620.
March 28 Bank Of Communications Co Ltd
* Chen Zhiwu will cease to serve as an independent non-executive director, a member of personnel & remuneration committee of board
* Resolved on 28 March 2017 to propose to appoint Cai Hongping as an independent non-executive director of bank
* Liu Li will cease to serve as chairman of personnel & remuneration committee of board Source text ( bit.ly/2obQFqe ) Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
0 SHARES 14 VIEWS Share Tweet Share Pin Share Send
The Frank Gehry-designed masterpiece in New York's Financial District, is one of the tallest and most iconic residential buildings in the western hemisphere.
This 3,771 square-foot home includes four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms, and occupies its own wing of the building. The apartment features 10-12 foot ceiling heights with breathtaking panoramas of the Hudson and East Rivers, the area's major bridges and Midtown's skyline.
The oversized master bedroom suite features a private sitting area and custom walk-in closet. The kitchen is a chef's dream with a 48'' Liebherr refrigerator, wine refrigerator, 6-burner Miele cooktop with wall-mounted pot filers and a vented hood, Miele double-wall oven microwave and a warming drawer. Additional features include motorized solar shades, a laundry room, wet bar area, multi-zoned central heating/cooling system, and built-in audio speakers.
In the building, there is a state-of-the-art fitness center offering a number of specialized areas, including boxing/kickboxing, private training, and a spa treatment suite with private rooms. An indoor swimming pool is set within a skylit space surrounded by a wraparound sundeck. The wellness, social and entertainment amenities total approximately 22,000 square feet of indoor and outdoor spaces.
Rihanna is a proven lingerie fan — even outside the bedroom. From the stage to the street, the singer has sported bedazzled bras, sheer dresses that flaunt her undergarments and everything in between. So when she announced that she's launching a lingerie line, there was no doubt that it would meet her standards of sultriness. And now that we officially have the first sneak peek of the collection, it looks like we can anticipate a ton of lace — and not much else.
After teasing her new Savage x Fenty line of lingerie on Instagram over the past week, the 30-year-old singer, who has already launched a successful Fenty makeup line and Fenty x Puma fashion line, finally revealed a look at her latest endeavor on Instagram Tuesday. And of course, she's the first to model the line, posing in a red-and-white lace cut-out bodysuit with underwire cups.
Alberto Terenghi/IPA/REX/Shutterstock
RELATED PHOTOS: Rihanna Wears a Bra to the Valerian Premiere, Plus More of Her Riskiest Looks Ever
“Bet ya didn't know it's#nationallingerieday 😍 got a lil treat for my ladies…. #SAVAGEXFENTY is coming to you worldwide on MAY 11th!! Exclusively on SAVAGEX.com !! Head there now to peep the live countdown,” she captioned the photo.
In earlier teaser posts, Rihanna has teased snippets of a ruffled bra top and a lace bra. But as May 11th approaches, keep your eyes glued on RiRi's Instagram, as the star will likely share more previews into the new line.
(Updates with more comments from BOK governor)
SEOUL, April 13 South Korea's central bank kept interest rates unchanged for a 10th straight month on Thursday, wary of geopolitical risks around North Korea and ahead of a much-anticipated U.S. Treasury report on foreign currency policy.
Following are key remarks from Bank of Korea Governor Lee Ju-yeol's news conference, translated by Reuters:
RATE DECISION:
"The Monetary Policy Board of the Bank of Korea decided today to leave the Base Rate unchanged at 1.25 percent for the intermeeting period."
ECONOMY:
"Looking at the real economy, growth has expanded somewhat even though consumption remained weak."
"Exports and facility investment are leading the economic recovery."
"The prospects for economic recovery are bright short-term, but there are plenty of uncertainties (ahead).
"Geopolitical risks have increased financial market volatility recently.”
"While price volatility has expanded in the financial markets, what will happen next depends on how the situation unfolds. So even for me it's hard to see the direction (for the economy) from geopolitical risks."
"While the CDS premium has risen somewhat of late, its not a huge increase so It's premature to link this to rumours about an economic crisis coming in April."
"The main reason (behind the recent rise in credit default swap premiums) is with higher demand for CDS for hedging purposes among foreign investors who bought Korean bonds as local banks and companies have been increasing offshore bond issuance."
MONETARY POLICY:
"The need to cut interest rates has diminished compared with before. But as there are geopolitical risks and other uncertainties; we will keep (monetary policy) accommodative to continue to support the economic recovery."
INFLATION:
"I'm not too concerned about inflation growing sharply like it did before, as price pressure isn't that big." (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Sam Holmes)
AMSTERDAM, March 28 Akzo Nobel, the Dutch paints and coatings maker trying to avoid being taken over by larger U.S. rival PPG Industries, said on Tuesday it would detail its strategy to remain independent on April 19.
The company has said it wants to sell or float its chemicals division, which accounts for about a third of sales and profit, instead of merging with PPG.
Akzo Nobel said it would also publish first-quarter results on April 19 instead of April 24. The company's annual shareholders' meeting is scheduled for April 25.
Akzo has so far declined to engage in talks with PPG over its cash-and-shares takeover proposal, worth about 24.2 billion euros ($26.3 billion) at current prices, despite demands by a large number of its own shareholders that it do so.
($1 = 0.9209 euros) (Reporting by Toby Sterling; Editing by Mark Potter)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
BEIJING Growth in China's services sector accelerated in March at the fastest pace in nearly three years, an official survey showed on Friday.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) stood at 55.1, compared with the previous month's reading of 54.2, and well above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
The reading was the highest since May 2014.
The services sector accounted for over half of China's economy last year and for the majority of its 6.7 percent growth as rising wages give Chinese consumers the opportunity to shop, travel and eat out more.
China's policymakers are counting on growth in services and consumption as they try to rebalance the country's economic growth model from a heavy reliance on investment and exports.
(Editing by Kim Coghill)
When she heard Clinton Street Luciana said, oh, her family had lived there but moved, because her brother had been killed by a car.
The woman, as I'm sure you've guessed, was Margaret Dalle Vedove (née Hamilton). When she heard this, the penny dropped and so did her jaw. Processing what she'd just heard, Margaret replied, maybe not in these exact words, but something like them: "I think I've got something of yours."
PART II
The Dalle Vedoves never did find the gold necklace when they lived in that house on Clinton Street. They never stopped looking, but after about 17 years they moved to another house.
The necklace was largely forgotten over the decades or at least put out of mind as life marched on and new agendas supplanted old ones.
But in the 1980s, Margaret and Ugo's son, Gerard, bought the house from his parents and some time later did a major renovation. It was then, after all this time, that Gerard found the gold necklace.
"It was found behind a baseboard," says Peter Dalle Vedove, Margaret's son who told me about the story in the first place. "His (Gerard's) wife found it but never wore it. She put it in her jewelry box."
By this time, the Dalla Vedove family and Damasi family had naturally lost touch. There was no contact information. They couldn't remember the family's name. And so the gold necklace at length passed from the jewelry box to Gerard's daughter, Sarah, who found work out west and then, a few years ago, in ... Australia.
PART III
The Dalle Vedoves could scarcely believe that the all-but-forgotten gold necklace had roared back into the foreground of their lives. Communications were exchanged, conversations were had.
"We decided, 'Don't say anything to Luciana until everything is in place,'" Peter tells me. A plan was formed. Gerard's younger daughter, Angeline, was making a trip to Thailand and sister Sarah, living in Perth, would meet her there and hand over the necklace.
On April 5, Angeline, Peter and Margaret (Ugo died in 2011) met Luciana at the Friendship Club at the Emmanuel United Church in Hamilton and gave her the necklace to present to her parents, Dominic and Benita.
"The people, the emotions, it was so overwhelming. We all sobbed and sobbed," said Luciana, of the fateful, long-awaited hand-off.
Luciana then took the necklace and presented it to her parents, ailing and unable to attend the Friendship Club, in their home. Dominic put on the necklace and never took it off, Luciana says.
Later, the Dalla Vedoves visited Dominic and Benita. "Dominic tried to give us $100," says Peter. Of course they wouldn't take a cent.
"We figured out," says Peter, "that the necklace, in half a century, had been from Hamilton to Port Sydney; Chippewa; Duncan, B.C.; Campbell River; Bali; Perth, Australia; and back to Hamilton."
"I think my brother would've been a traveller," says Luciana, when she hears that.
"How wonderful to know there are great people (the Dalle Vedoves) in this world."
EPILOGUE
Sadly Dominic, who had been in failing health, died on Saturday (April 22). It was as though he was waiting. He had the necklace on when he passed.
jmahoney@thespec.com
905-526-3306
jmahoney@thespec.com
905-526-3306
WEST PARRY SOUND - His pontoon boat has been found in Georgian Bay, but the 53-year-old driver remains missing.
On Friday, Oct. 6, at 1:20 p.m., West Parry Sound OPP received a call about a missing person near Trim Tree Island on the waters of Georgian Bay.
Investigation has since revealed that Owen Sands, 53, of Toronto was reported missing by family members. Sands was last seen travelling in his pontoon boat near Shawanaga Inlet on the waters of Georgian Bay on Thursday, Oct. 5, at around noon.
Earlier today, Friday, Oct. 6, the pontoon boat was located near Trim Tree Island by family members. The OPP Aviation Services and the West Parry Sound OPP Marine Unit with the assistance of the Carling Fire Department, the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre and the Canadian Coast Guard commenced a search in the area where the pontoon boat was located. Flares from a large airplane were visible by residents of Shawanaga into the night on Friday, at approximately 8:30 p.m.
Workers of French oil giant Total gather in front of the oil refinery in Donges, France, May 26, 2016. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe/File Photo
PARIS Algerian state-owned energy company Sonatrach and French oil major Total (TOTF.PA) have signed a new deal to strengthen their existing partnership and have agreed to settle earlier disputes, the companies said on Monday.
They said the new deal would allow them to expand their partnership on new upstream projects, with a new contractual framework for the Timimoun project, as well as continued joint operations for the Tin Fouye Tebenkort (TFT) gas field.
They added they had agreed to settle amicably earlier disputes between the two companies, which had seen Total seeking arbitration against Algeria for changing profit-sharing terms on oil and gas contracts in the mid-2000s.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Sarah White)
* Top brands want to choose distributors or ban online sales
* Online platforms say curbs, bans are anti-competitive
* Germany says don't block innovative distribution networks
* France says online sales curbs safeguard brands' prestige
By Foo Yun Chee
LUXEMBOURG, March 30 German beauty products maker Coty rejected claims that its distribution policies imply a blanket ban on online sales, arguing that its main concern was to safeguard the cachet of its luxury brands such as Marc Jacobs, Calvin Klein and Chloe.
The comments by the company, part of U.S. group Coty Inc , came in a landmark case which could determine whether luxury goods companies can stop retailers from selling their products via online marketplaces such as Amazon or eBay .
Brand owners have for the past decade argued that they should have the right to choose their distributors to protect their image and exclusivity. Online platforms say such curbs are anti-competitive and hurt small businesses.
The issue is significant for Europe which accounts for 70 percent of global luxury sales.
The company told Europe's top court that its dispute with German retailer Parfumerie Akzente, which sells its goods on sites including Amazon against its wishes, was not about imposing a ban on such trade.
The company's agreements preventing retailers from selling on third-party online platforms are aimed at preserving the image and quality of its products, its lawyer Andreas Lubberger told the Court of Justice of the European Union (ECJ).
"In Germany, we have a saying a picture is worth a thousand words, in this case a name is worth a thousand words," he said.
Coty brought the original case in a Frankfurt court which subsequently sought guidance from the ECJ.
Parfumerie Akzente's lawyer Oliver Spieker questioned the validity of Coty's arguments.
"If you are talking about a well-known marketplace which sells products to consumers, then you need proper considerations to ban it," he told judges.
"Amazon and eBay already sell well-known brands, do these brands have more to lose than Coty? L'Oréal for example has a platform on Amazon," he said.
The German government, a proponent of online trade, said online platforms were key outlets for small- and medium-sized enterprises.
"Restrictions must never be abused in order to close off new innovative formats of distribution," its lawyer Thomas Henze said.
Luxembourg sees a blanket ban as disproportionate and unjustified, its lawyer Philippe-Emmanuel Partsch said. Amazon's European headquarters is located in the Grand Duchy.
France, home to luxury brands such as Louis Vuitton, Chanel and Christian Dior, sprang to Coty's defence.
Online curbs safeguard the prestige and image of such products in the eyes of consumers, Julie Bousin, lawyer for the French government, said.
Italy, Sweden, the Netherlands and Austria also intervened in the case. An ECJ court adviser will issue a non-binding opinion in the coming months. Judges who follow such recommendations in four out of five cases, will rule shortly after that.
The case is C-230 Coty Germany. (Editing by Keith Weir)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
WASHINGTON — The Washington Nationals say that assistant hitting coach Jacque Jones has been suspended with pay pending an internal investigation.
The team says the suspension is connected to a legal matter.
The club announced Jones' suspension less than a half-hour before the scheduled first pitch of Game 1 of Washington's NL Division Series against the defending World Series champion Chicago Cubs on Friday night.
The 42-year-old Jones retired as a player in 2008 after 10 years with four teams.
Coverings, the largest international tile and stone exhibition in North America, has released the schedule of segment-focused Appreciation Days that provide enhanced learning and networking opportunities for builders, remodelers, architects, designers, contractors and fabricators. While programming for all groups will be held throughout the duration of Coverings, Appreciation Days are designed to feature tailored guided tours of the show floor, lunch, focused education sessions and more. Coverings 2017 will be held in Orlando, FL, from April 4th to 7th at the Orange County Convention Center.
“The tile and stone industry is built on the talent, dedication and hard work of its professionals, and we're pleased to celebrate each trade segment with Appreciation Days,” said Jennifer Hoff, president of Taffy Event Strategies. “We hope that every attendee takes advantage of all of the education and relationship-building opportunities, making the most of the Coverings experience.”
Dates and programming highlights for the 2017 Appreciation Days are as follows:
Tuesday, April 4th: Builder & Remodeler Day will kick off with a conference session at 8 a.m. entitled “Critical Changes to Industry Standards, Guidelines and Best Practices” led by Eric Astrachan, executive director of Tile Council of North America.
At 11 a.m. the Builder & Remodeler tour of the exhibit floor, hosted by personalities Dean and Derek, will commence. Participants will see the latest in tile, stone and installation materials from around the world. After the tour, Dean and Derek will lead the roundtable discussion during lunch “Bringing the Indoors Out and Show Floor Trends”, in the Appreciation Lounge. Other sessions for builders and remodelers on this day include “Trends in Tile: Moving Forward”, “New Directions for Gauged (formerly Thin) Porcelain Tile”, “Connecting Actual Job Costs Back to Estimating” and “Paying for Performance or Just Paying”.
Wednesday, April 5th: Architect & Designer Day, will feature several notable sessions including “Contract Magazine Presents: A Fireside Chat with John Czarnecki and Todd-Avery Lenahan”, “Coastal Resilience - Rethinking Design for Extreme Weather Conditions” and “Raise Your Profile: The Ins and Outs of Being a Brand Ambassador.” The first will feature Contract Magazine's editor-in-chief, John Czarnecki and industry leader Todd-Avery Lenahan in an intimate conversation about the business and power of design. The second session, presented by Architectural Record, will feature the magazine's senior editor, Joann Gonchar, as well as architectural and urban designer, Ramiro Diaz, LEED AP. The third will feature three panelists discussing how they represent brands through publicity, social media and live events. Participants include founder and creative director of Kim Lewis Designs, Kim Lewis, blogger from Cozy Stylish Chic, Jeanne Chung and blogger and NKBA spokesperson, Patricia Davis Brown. Starting at 11 a.m., architects and designers will be invited to participate in the trends tour, led by Coverings' industry ambassador, Alena Capra. Immediately following, at 12:15 p.m., attendees can join Capra for a roundtable discussion and lunch in the Appreciation Lounge.
Wednesday, April 5th to Thursday, April 6th: Contractor Days will span two days at the show. With many key sessions including “Introduction to Tile Industry Standards and How to Use Them to Your Advantage” and “How to Become a Certified Tile Installer,” Coverings has added four new contractor/installer session tracks: Contractor Advanced Business Topics; Contractor Beginner-Intermediate Topics; Thin-Tile Mini-Track and En Español for Spanish-speaking attendees. The Contractor tour will take place on both Wednesday and Thursday at 11 a.m. followed by a luncheon in the Contractor Lounge. Happy hours with fun giveaways will be offered in the afternoon.
Friday, April 7th: Fabricator Day will commence with the session “Don't Get Caught Doing What Worked Yesterday When Customers are Obsessed With What They Want Tomorrow” featuring James Dion, president and owner of Dionco Inc. focusing on what the new consumer's expectations are and how to exceed them. The Fabricator Tour will begin at 11 a.m., highlighting new and innovative products from the marketplace. Immediately following will be the fabricator luncheon and roundtable discussion on building a culture and diversifying a business, at noon.
For more information, visit coverings.com.
April 13 Bristol-myers Squibb Co
* Bristol-Myers Squibb enters into separate agreements with Biogen and Roche to license anti-etau and anti-myostatin compounds, respectively
* Bristol-Myers Squibb Co - to receive a combined $470m upfront, along with potential milestone payments and tiered double-digit royalties from each company
* Bristol-Myers Squibb Co - under agreement to license BMS-986168, Biogen will pay to Bristol-Myers Squibb an upfront payment of $300 million
* Bristol-Myers Squibb Co - Roche will pay to Bristol-Myers Squibb an upfront payment of $170 million with potential milestone payments of up to $205 million
* Bristol-Myers Squibb says Roche will pay to Bristol-Myers Squibb an upfront payment of $170 million with potential milestone payments of up to $205 million
* Bristol-Myers Squibb - Biogen also will assume all remaining obligations to former stockholders of ipierian inc related to co's acquisition of co in 2014 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
LONDON Global investors cut U.S. equity exposure in March on growing doubts about the "Trumpflation" rally, and slashed UK stock holdings to 5-1/2-year lows over worries about Brexit and a possible break-up of the United Kingdom.
A Reuters monthly asset allocation poll of 46 fund managers and chief investment officers in Europe, the United States, Britain and Japan showed investors trimming holdings of U.S. stocks to 40.8 percent of their global equity portfolios, from 41.2 percent in February.
This is the lowest level since Donald Trump was elected U.S. president in November on a platform of tax cuts and spending.
Investors have been piling into U.S. stocks, betting on a growth surge fuelled by the promised fiscal splurge but Trump's recent failure to get a healthcare reform through Congress has caused the so-called "Trumpflation" rally to stumble.
The S&P 500 has fallen to six-week lows since Trump failed to push through that reform and looks set to end March flat after performing strongly in the previous four months.
"It might be that 'Trumponomics' is beginning to lose its effect as the president has talked the talk but as yet has failed to walk the walk," UK-based wealth manager Investment Quorum's chief investment officer, Peter Lowman, said.
Cash levels rose to 5.6 percent, the highest since November, with some managers expressing concern about asset prices, especially given political risks.
Robeco strategist Peter van der Welle said he had not changed his neutral stance on equities: "We feel reluctant at this point to chase the market, especially now cracks in the Trump trade become apparent."
Overall equity allocations, however, rose slightly to 45.7 percent of global balanced portfolios, from 45.5 percent, while bond weightings eased to 39.7 percent from 40.3 percent.
UK BREAK-UP RISK
Asset managers also cut their UK equity exposure by 1.6 percentage points to 9.1 percent of global equity portfolios, the lowest level since September 2011, as Britain formally triggered the process to leave the European Union (EU).
The UK economy is likely to be severely tested during the two-year long process, with Scotland renewing its bid for an independence referendum. In the nine months since the Brexit vote, sterling has fallen about 17 percent against the dollar.
Although investors said it was too difficult to assess the impact of Brexit, 75 percent of those who answered an extra question on Scottish secession said the break-up of the United Kingdom would make them cut their UK exposure further.
"A Scottish referendum and secession would complicate significantly the internal political backdrop in the UK and would weaken the negotiating stance with EU, making it harder to achieve a constructive trade deal," Pioneer Investments' global head of multi-asset investments, Matteo Germano, said.
"Also it would lengthen the time to negotiate a deal and extend uncertainty."
Investors remained relatively bullish on euro zone equities, raising their exposure 1.6 percentage points to 18.6 percent of their global equity portfolios, the highest since August 2016.
European equities are up about 2.4 percent for the month and 4.6 percent for the quarter, with Germany's DAX nearing an all-time high.
UBS Asset Management strategist Boris Willems highlighted the European Central Bank's (ECB) loose monetary policy and a weak euro as supportive for euro zone assets.
ECB UNWINDING
Some investors have revised their expectations about the timing of the ECB's unwinding of its ultra-loose monetary policy and, following weak inflation prints in the euro zone, many now see this happening later than previously anticipated.
Some 54 percent of poll participants who answered a specific question on ECB policy expect the bank to raise rates after 2018, and the remainder opted for 2018.
"We don't see an interest rate hike any time soon; the inflation projections, even if on the rise, remain mild," Pioneer's Germano said. "Interest rate hikes could trigger euro appreciation and an unwelcome tightening of financial conditions in the euro zone."
Robeco's van der Welle said that the ECB still faced challenges in a "two-speed euro zone economy confronted with many political roadblocks".
Meanwhile, some 62 percent of poll participants expect the U.S. Federal Reserve to raise rates three times in 2017, while about a third opted for two rate increases.
Royal London Asset Management's Head of Multi-Asset, Trevor Greetham, who opted for three hikes, noted the Fed's 25 basis point rate rise in March followed stronger labour market data, with the economy achieving greater momentum in recent months.
But he said, "With Trump's support in Congress uncertain and the scale, mix and timing of any fiscal stimulus still unclear, we expect the Fed to continue with a cautious approach to tightening."
(Additional reporting by Maria Pia Quaglia Regondi in Milan and Hari Kishan in Bengaluru; Editing by Louise Ireland)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
Saturday Sunny, with a high near 76. West northwest wind 8 to 10 mph.
Saturday Night Clear, with a low around 50. South southwest wind around 7 mph.
Sunday Sunny, with a high near 79. South southwest wind 7 to 13 mph, with gusts as high as 21 mph.
Sunday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 52. Southeast wind 7 to 10 mph.
Columbus Day A 40 percent chance of showers, mainly after 1pm. Partly sunny, with a high near 63.
Monday Night A 50 percent chance of showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 40. Breezy.
Tuesday A 20 percent chance of showers before 1pm. Mostly sunny, with a high near 58.
Tuesday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 39.
Wednesday Sunny, with a high near 66.
Wednesday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 47.
Thursday Sunny, with a high near 72.
Thursday Night A 20 percent chance of showers. Partly cloudy, with a low around 54.
Friday A 20 percent chance of showers. Mostly sunny, with a high near 77.
BINGHAMTON, N.Y. — Ethan Werek was the lone scorer in the shootout as the Belleville Senators edged the Binghamton Devils 3-2 on Friday in American Hockey League action.
Nick Paul and Macoy Erkamps scored in regulation time for Belleville (19-24-4), the AHL affiliate of the Ottawa Senators. Danny Taylor made 36 saves and turned away four skaters in the shootout for the win.
Steven Santini and Jacob MacDonald supplied the offence for Binghamton (12-23-9). Eddie Lack stopped 28 shots and the first three skaters he faced in the shootout before Werek's winner.
Belleville was 1 for 3 on the power play and the Devils went 1 for 5 with the man advantage.
April 28 Apple Inc:
* Says "we've been trying to reach a licensing agreement with Qualcomm for more than five years but they have refused to negotiate fair terms"
* Says "without an agreed-upon rate to determine how much is owed, we have suspended payments until the correct amount can be determined by the court" Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESAPEAKE, Va. -- Reggie Barnett Jr. is preparing for the fight of his life. The Virginia resident will fight in the featured bout in the first sanctioned U.S. bare-knuckle boxing match in 130 years.
"I'm in fight mode, Reggie Jr. tells WTKR as he makes final preparations for Saturday's showdown in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
At 757 Boxing, the gym Reggie Jr. owns with his dad, he puts himself through brutal workouts to make sure he's ready. On Tuesday afternoon, he's going through what he calls a "light workout" consisting of sparing and other exercises in the ring, then circuits outside, switching between skipping rope, push ups, jump squats and more.
"I finally have the opportunity I was looking for to fight in front of the entire world," said Reggie Jr. after the workout was complete.
It's been a long road for the fighter, both in and out of the ring. Reggie Jr. has battled alcoholism, which previously landed him behind bars. The promoter of the fight had to go through 28 states before finding one who would be willing to legalize the bare-knuckle fight. He also went through countless fighters before choosing Reggie Jr. and the others who will spar that night. The showdown will also be on pay-per-view.
When WTKR first spoke with Reggie in 2016, he was making his comeback.
"I struggled with alcoholism for years, I just was so down and out that I decided that before I got locked up, that I needed to do something," he said.
Reggie Jr. has been fighting his whole life. He picked up gloves when he was 4 years old, but his parents wouldn't let him pursue it until two years later. Then, he lost seven fights, resulting in him deviating from the ring and heading to the diamond.
But baseball just didn't cut it. He also did cheerleading but wasn't a fan of being a flyer. That's when he decided to get back into boxing. He was successful, taking home state titles, even Junior Olympic titles.
When he was 18 and no longer needed his parents' permission, he decided to try MMA. After a rough start, he convinced a friend of his who does MMA to trade lessons.
"I told him I would teach him how to box if he would teach me how to grapple and we've been inseparable for a decade. He's been in my corner ever since," smiled Reggie Jr., adding his friend will definitely be there in Cheyenne.
Reflecting on when it hit him that he would be in the first bare-knuckle fight sanctioned in the U.S. in 130 years, Reggie alluded to a promotional poster.
"When that first poster came out I was like, 'Yes! This is really happening, there is no turning back," said Reggie Jr.
He got to work. For the past few months, Reggie Jr. has been punching brick walls at full force to build the bone density in his hands. He understands fighting may not be for everyone, especially the bare-knuckle variety.
"Some people look at it as being barbaric. To be a part of the rawest form of fighting there is and to make history at the same time it's ... I can't even explain."
However, he's hoping his fight does more than put on a show.
"It's not about being famous, it's that my name being mentioned and my journey to get to that point will hopefully inspire others to chase what they really like to do," Reggie Jr. said.
A TERMINALLY-ill woman is set to use Stephen Hawking-style voice technology to say her vows at what promises to be an emotional wedding.
Angela Brown, 48, from Rothwell, was diagnosed with the progressive bulbar palsy form of motor neurone disease (MND) in April and, such has been the speed with which the condition has taken hold, she now uses a wheelchair much of the time and cannot speak above a whisper.
Angela Brown, 47, suffers from Motor Neurone Disease, so she will use a text-to-speech app to say I do at her wedding to fiancee Tim Gates, 48, pictured near Leeds, West Yorks., August 11 2017.
But when she ties the knot with partner Tim Gates at Leeds Town Hall next Saturday, August 26, Angela is determined that she will walk down the aisle.
She will also pre-programme her wedding vows ahead of the big day so they can be played out through an iPad via a similar communication system to the one used by her fellow MND sufferer, Professor Hawking.
And, in a show of can-do attitude typical of her defiant fight against her illness, she is hoping to summon up the strength to say the all-important words ‘I do' herself.
Angela, who will be supported by her dad, David Robinson, for her walk down the aisle, said: “Given what we've all been through as a family over the last few months, it is going to be a poignant occasion, as well as a happy one. My speech is barely understandable to anybody now, although I can still hear my own voice in my thoughts and in my writing.
“I will keep battling to do the little things which now seem like big things and prove that no matter what MND throws at me, I am not about to call it a day just yet.
“There's no getting away from it, MND is a terminal illness, but I do not want to give into it.”
Angela, who used to work as a learning support assistant at Leeds City College, was diagnosed with MND after developing a slur in her speech.
People with progressive bulbar palsy have a life expectancy of between six months and three years from the onset of symptoms.
One of Angela's daughters from a previous marriage, Victoria, 22, said: “My mum is my absolute hero and her strength is amazing.
“We are so lucky to live at a time when this voice technology is available, so my mum isn't as trapped or lonely as she otherwise might be.”
Winning numbers drawn in 'Keno' game
OLYMPIA, Wash. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Washington Lottery's "Keno" game were:
01-02-05-06-09-11-12-16-30-32-36-53-54-58-61-62-63-71-77-78
(one, two, five, six, nine, eleven, twelve, sixteen, thirty, thirty-two, thirty-six, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-eight, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-three, seventy-one, seventy-seven, seventy-eight)
May 3 ICICI Bank
* CEO says "drilled down" list of potential troubled loans currently at 190.39 billion rupees
* CEO says expects bad loan additions to be significantly lower this financial year
* CEO says hardly sold any bad loans to arcs in March quarter Further company coverage: (Reporting by Devidutta Tripathy)
GEARY COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating an attempted murder at a Junction City motel and have reported the arrest of one suspect.
Just before 11:30 p.m. March 29, police responded to report of a gunshot at a motel in the 1900 Block of Lacy Drive in Junction City, according to a media release.
Police found Trenton Penn, 19, Minneapolis, Kansas, with a gunshot wound. He was flown to a Topeka hospital for treatment.
An investigation revealed the shooting occurred during a fight at the motel room, according to the release.
On Tuesday, Junction City police reported U.S. Marshals arrested 24-year-old suspect Cody Breeden, in Fremont County Wyoming Monday. Police are still searching for Jeremy Breeden, 28, Abilene.
In March Police arrested 19-year-old Morgan Fabre of Manhattan on requested charges of conspiracy to commit pre-meditated first-degree murder, aggravated robbery, aggravated battery, aggravated assault and criminal threat. She was being held without bond.
Police are searching for three suspects who should be considered armed and dangerous. Police are still looking for 28-year-old Jeremy Breeden.
TORONTO — Canadians have been swindled out of than $1.7 million via scams involving cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin so far this year — more than double the amount during all of 2016.
The Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre says that's more than five times the amount people lost to these types of scams in 2015, which was roughly $284,000.
As bitcoin becomes more popular with investors, sending the price above US$17,000 mark last week, criminals appear to be increasingly turning to cryptocurrencies to extort payment from their victims as well.
These new figures come after police in Alberta, British Columbia and Ontario warned in recent months to beware of scams involving demands for a transfer of funds using bitcoin.
North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un watches a military drill marking the 85th anniversary of the establishment of the Korean People's Army (KPA) in this handout photo by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) made available on April 26, 2017. KCNA/Handout via REUTERS
A North Korean soldier checks flags before the opening ceremony for the newly constructed residential complex in Ryomyong street in Pyongyang, North Korea April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
BEIJING China on Wednesday urged all parties in the Korean standoff to stay calm and "stop irritating each other," a day after North Korea said the United States was pushing the region to the brink of nuclear war.
North Korea's state media published a rare, strong, criticism of China on Wednesday, saying Chinese state media commentaries calling for tougher sanctions over Pyongyang's nuclear programme were undermining relations with Beijing and worsening tensions.
The United States has urged China, North Korea's only major ally, to do more to rein in its neighbour's nuclear and missile programs, which have prompted an assertive response from the Trump administration, warning that an "era of strategic patience" is over.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday that Washington was working on more sanctions against North Korea if Pyongyang takes steps that merit a new response. He also warned other countries their firms could face so-called secondary sanctions for doing illicit business with Pyongyang.
Tillerson said the Trump administration had been "leaning hard into China ... to test their willingness to use their influence, their engagement with the regime."
Diplomats said this week Washington was negotiating with China on a possible stronger U.N. Security Council response - such as new sanctions - to North Korea's missile tests.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said on Wednesday U.N. resolutions were clear that further measures would be taken in the event of more nuclear or missile tests.
The United States has sent a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier to Korean waters and a pair of strategic U.S. bombers flew training drills with South Korea and Japan in another show of strength this week.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang called the situation "highly complex" and sensitive.
"The urgent task is to lower temperatures and resume talks," he said.
"We again urge all relevant parties to remain calm and exercise restraint, stop irritating each other, work hard to create an atmosphere for contact and dialogue between all sides, and seek a return to the correct path of dialogue and negotiation as soon as possible."
The bomber flights coincided with U.S. President Donald Trump raising eyebrows when he said he would be "honoured" to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in the right circumstances, and as his CIA director landed in South Korea for talks.
North Korea said the bombers conducted "a nuclear bomb dropping drill against major objects" in its territory at a time when Trump and "other U.S. warmongers are crying out for making a preemptive nuclear strike."
"The reckless military provocation is pushing the situation on the Korean peninsula closer to the brink of nuclear war," North Korea's official KCNA news agency said.
A commentary on KCNA on Wednesday took aim at China and state media articles it said had attempted to shift the blame to Pyongyang for "deteriorated relations" between China and North Korea and U.S. deployment of strategic assets.
It also accused China of "hyping up" damage caused by North Korean nuclear tests to China's three northeastern provinces and said the programme was needed for the "existence and development" of the country and "can never be changed nor shaken."
Tension on the Korean peninsula has been high for weeks, driven by concern that North Korea might conduct its sixth nuclear test in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions.
CHINA OPPOSES THAAD
U.S. officials told Reuters the U.S. military's THAAD anti-missile defence system had reached initial operational capacity in South Korea, although it would not be fully operational for some months.
China has repeatedly expressed its opposition to the system, whose powerful radar it says can reach inside Chinese territory, even as Trump has praised Chinese President Xi Jinping for his efforts to rein in North Korea.
Trump has urged other Asian countries to help pressure North Korea and spoke last weekend with the leaders of Thailand, Singapore and the Philippines.
He drew criticism on Monday when he said he would be "honoured" to meet North Korea's young leader.
"If it would be appropriate for me to meet with him, I would absolutely, I would be honoured to do it," Trump told Bloomberg News.
Trump did not say what conditions would be needed for such a meeting or when it could happen, but White House spokesman Sean Spicer said "clearly conditions are not there right now."
Washington has said any future talks on North Korea must be based on its willingness to abandon its nuclear weapons programme.
Trump warned in an interview with Reuters on Thursday a "major, major conflict" with North Korea was possible, while China has said the Korean situation could slip out of control.
In a telephone call with his Philippine counterpart Rodrigo Duterte, Xi urged all sides to return to talks as soon as possible, Chinese state radio reported.
North Korea on Saturday conducted its fourth successive failed missile launch since March. It has conducted two nuclear tests and dozens of missile tests since the beginning of 2016.
The U.S. ambassador to Indonesia, Joseph R. Donovan, told reporters Indonesia was among several countries Washington was urging to take a "fresh look" at their North Korea ties.
Trump also spoke on Tuesday with Russian President Vladimir Putin and discussed "how best to resolve the very dangerous situation in North Korea", the White House said.
(Additional reporting by David Brunnstrom, Yeganeh Torbati and Steve Holland in WASHINGTON and Tom Allard in JAKARTA; Writing by Nick Macfie and David Brunnstrom; Editing by Robert Birsel and Grant McCool)
(Corrects to clarify Yara is fertilizer producer)
LONDON, April 12 European shares rose on Wednesday, driven by gains in financials stocks and carmakers, as first-quarter earnings season kicked off and a rise in the oil price underpinned energy stocks.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.6 percent by 0722 GMT. Britain's mid-caps hit a fresh record high at 19,412.43 points, up 0.5 percent.
Autos stocks were the best performers, up 1.5 percent, followed by oil and gas stocks which rose with crude prices on potential extension of output cuts.
German luxury carmaker Daimler gained 2 percent after it said first-quarter profits jumped 87 percent in a surprise release Tuesday evening, on strong Mercedes sales.
Dialog Semiconductor fell for the second day, down 2.5 percent. It had closed down 14 percent on Tuesday after an analyst report said its biggest client Apple could be seeking to ditch it.
Peer Austria Microsystem meanwhile was among top gainers, up 4.8 percent.
Norwegian fertilizer maker Yara was a top gainer after Goldman Sachs added the stock to its 'conviction list', raising it to a buy.
Banco Popular led gains among banks, up 3.6 percent having hit a fresh record low at the open. The struggling Spanish bank was down 18 percent since announcing it would raise more capital on Monday.
Britain's biggest retailer Tesco fell 2.6 percent after posting forecast-beating full-year profit, saying it was continuing to engage with competition authorities to seek shareholder approval of its deal to buy wholesaler Booker . (Reporting by Helen Reid, Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
May 2 First Solar Inc
* First Solar Inc. Announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* First Solar Inc sees 2017 loss per share of $0.30 to earnings per share of $0.40
* Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.25
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.09
* Q1 sales $892 million
* Q1 revenue view $667.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.13 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Raises 2017 revenue, EPS, operating cash flow and net cash guidance
* Qtrly net sales increased from prior quarter primarily due to sale of moapa project, partially offset by lower third-party module sales
* First Solar Inc sees 2017 shipments 2.4gw to 2.6gw
* First Solar Inc sees 2017 GAAP net sales of $2.85 billion to $2.95 billion
* First Solar Inc sees 2017 earnings per share non-gaap $0.25 to $0.75
* First Solar Inc sees 2017 gaap gross margin 12.5% to 14.5%
* FY2017 revenue view $2.78 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 earnings per share view $0.32 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* First solar inc - "transition to our series 6 product continues to progress from both a technology and commercial standpoint" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Quincy Access Television Channel 8 will cover the graduation ceremonies of each high school. The following are the days and times when you can tune in to Channel 8, and enjoy another look at the 2017 graduation ceremonies.
North Quincy High School:
LIVE: Monday, June 12th, 6pm
Replays:
Monday, June 12th, 9pm
Wednesday, June 14th, 7:30pm
Friday, June 16th, 6pm
Saturday, June 17th, 12pm
Sunday, June 18th, 6pm
Monday, June 19th, 8pm
Thursday, June 22rd, 7:30pm
Saturday, June 24th, 8:30pm
Sunday, June 25th, 12pm
Quincy High School:
LIVE: Tuesday, June 13th, 6pm
Replays:
Tuesday, June 13th, 9pm
Thursday, June 15th, 7:30pm
Friday, June 16th, 8pm
Saturday, June 17th, 2pm
Sunday, June 18th, 8pm
Wednesday, June 21st, 7:30pm
Thursday, June 22nd, 9:30pm
Saturday, June 24th, 6:30pm
Sunday, June 25th, 2pm
Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund Christine Lagarde arrives to speak at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund Christine Lagarde speaks at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund Christine Lagarde speaks at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington, U.S., April 3, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON Living standards around the world could fall unless governments invest more in research and education that can help revive weak productivity growth, International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde warned on Monday.
Lagarde said in a speech in Washington that the private sector alone will not be able to generate enough innovation to lift productivity to acceptable levels without government help.
Her remarks were accompanied by release of an IMF study that found that the 2008-2009 financial crisis and deep recession played a bigger role in slowing productivity than previously thought, stifling global demand and investment. (bit.ly/2nCMDqd)
"Another decade of weak productivity growth would seriously undermine the rise in global living standards," Lagarde told an audience at the American Enterprise Institute, a pro-business think tank in Washington.
"Slower growth could also jeopardize the financial and social stability of some countries by making it more difficult to reduce excessive inequality and sustain private debt and public obligations," she added.
Economists have long viewed productivity gains as essential for sustaining higher wages and living standards, but have struggled to explain a protracted slowdown in productivity growth since the early 2000s.
Lagarde said the post-crisis recession has left a "permanent scar" on output per worker and total factor productivity, a broad measure of innovation that includes both labor and capital inputs.
"We estimate that, if total factor productivity growth had followed its pre-crisis trend, overall GDP in advanced economies would be about 5 percent higher today," Lagarde said. "That would be the equivalent of adding another Japan — and more — to the global economy."
She said that all governments should do more to unleash entrepreneurial energy, including cutting barriers to competition, investing in education and providing tax incentives for research and development.
"One thing is clear: we need more innovation, not less. Market forces alone will not be able to deliver that boost, because innovation and invention are to some degree public goods."
Lagarde said smartphone technologies have hugely benefited from large-scale state spending on developing the internet and global positioning satellite system, while defense spending often creates new technologies that have civilian uses.
She cited IMF research last year showing that an increase of private research spending by 40 percent in advanced economies could increase their GDP by 5 percent in the long term.
Lagarde said a critical improvement in education and worker retraining programs was needed to aid those displaced by the effects of technological change, trade and structural reforms.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
By Abby Hassler
Evanescence's new album Synthesis will contain re-imaginings of the group's iconic catalog as well as two new tracks. The band is currently in the studio finishing the project with producer Will Hunt and orchestra arranger and composer David Campbell.
Related: Amy Lee on Her New Children's Album
Evanescence will support the new release with a fall tour featuring a full orchestra.
“I've always wanted to shine a light on some of the gorgeous David Campbell arrangements and programming elements in our songs, and that idea snowballed into completely re-doing them with full orchestra, not just strings, elaborate programming and experimentation,” Lee explained. “This will be our first time touring with an orchestra and I'm so excited to perform this way-really focus on the vocals, and the emotion and the story we've built over the years.”
“I'm also really excited about the new material on the album,” she continued. “Besides the two new songs, there are some really beautiful instrumental in-between moments. The whole thing flows like a big, dynamic soundtrack.”
Check out the complete tour dates below.
10/14 – Las Vegas, NV @ The Pearl Concert Theater
10/15 – Los Angeles, CA @ Greek Theatre
10/17 – Phoenix, AZ @ Comerica Theatre
10/20 – Houston, TX @ Revention Music Center
10/22 – Irving, TX @ The Pavilion at Irving Music Factory
10/23 – New Orleans, LA @ Mahalia Jackson Theater
10/25 – Nashville, TN @ Ryman Auditorium
10/27 – Atlanta, GA @ Chastain Park Amphitheatre
10/28 – Charlotte, NC @ Ovens Auditorium
10/30 – Pittsburgh, PA @ Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts
10/31 – Oxon Hill, MD @ MGM National Harbor
11/2 – Upper Darby, PA @ Tower Theater
11/3 – Mashantucket, CT @ Foxwoods Resort Casino – Grand Theater
11/5 – Boston, MA @ Orpheum Theatre – Boston
11/7 – Bethlehem, PA @ Sands Bethlehem Event Center
11/8 – Baltimore, MD @ Hippodrome Theatre
11/10 – Brooklyn, NY @ Kings Theatre
11/30 – Chicago, IL @ Chicago Theatre
12/2 – Carmel, IN @ The Palladium
12/5 – Minneapolis, MN @ State Theatre
12/6 – Madison, WI @ Orpheum Theatre
12/8 – Toronto, ON Canada @ Sony Centre for Performing Arts
12/9 – Windsor, ON Canada @ Caesar's Windsor
12/11 – Kansas City, MO @ Kansas City Music Hall
12/13 – Denver, CO @ Paramount Theatre
12/15- Reno, NV @ Grand Theatre at The Grand Sierra Resort
12/16 – San Francisco, CA @ Masonic Auditorium
12/19 – Portland, OR @ Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall
Never miss a tour date from Evanescence with Eventful.
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran will bring his unique brand of music to Austin City Limits to kick off the show's 43rd season on PBS, on Oct. 7.
Related: Ed Sheeran's Girlfriend Cherry Inspired ‘Perfect'
Today Sheeran shared the performance of his hit single “Shape of You” from the program.
The Pretenders, Zac Brown Band, Angel Olsen and Benjamin Booker, Miranda Lambert and Norah Jones are also slated to take the ACL stage in this season.
Check out “Shape of You” below.
Mondo Guerra has made it his mission to keep the conversation going on HIV and AIDS after he shared his HIV positive status with the world on season 8 of the reality television show “Project Runway.” A secret he kept in for 10 years—not even his family knew about his status—is now his platform in spreading HIV/AIDS awareness.
The Mexican-American fashion designer, who went on to win “Project Runway: All Stars,” used his status to make a difference by collaborating with Merck on I Design, a national HIV education campaign that aims to help empower people with the disease to play an active role in designing their treatment plan with their doctors.
“Latinos are disportionately affected by this disease and I think it's very important to keep in mind that we all have to be educated because HIV is very much out there; there is not a cure yet. We all have to educate ourselves,” he said.
Guerra sat down with Chica to talk about his New York Fashion Week show, opening up about living with HIV and the stigmas of living as a gay Latino male. Be sure to watch the video above!
This article originally appeared on People En Español CHICA.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
Tennis - WTA Stuttgart Tennis Grand Prix - Maria Sharapova of Russia v Roberta Vinci of Italy - Stuttgart, Germany - 26/4/17. Maria Sharapova of Russia in action. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
LONDON Former champion Maria Sharapova's hopes of playing at this year's Wimbledon championships could hinge on a June 20 meeting of tournament organisers unless the Russian hits form in forthcoming events in Madrid and Rome.
Sharapova, who returned last week after a 15-month ban for an anti-doping violation, could still climb high enough in the WTA rankings to earn a spot in the main draw or Wimbledon qualifying tournament at Roehampton.
Failing that the 2004 champion would need a wildcard, either into the main draw or the qualifying event which takes place a week before the championship begins.
"We have a long-standing tried and tested process (for awarding wildcards) in the week before qualifying and this year is no different," All England Club chairman Philip Brook said at a news conference on Wednesday.
"First we will see if Maria applies for a wildcard and if so we will consider her case alongside everyone else's.
"It will be a decision for the group on the day."
Sharapova reached the semi-finals in Stuttgart last week as a wildcard entrant, playing her first tournament since her ban for taking the prohibited substance Meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open. Her world ranking rose to 262.
The cut-off date to enter Wimbledon's main draw is May 22, the day after the conclusion of the Rome tournament in which Sharapova has been handed another wildcard.
The cut-off for entry to the qualifying event is June 5.
A strong performance from the former world number in Rome, and in Madrid the week before where she has also been handed a wildcard, would likely elevate Sharapova high enough in the WTA rankings to enter Wimbledon on merit.
That would potentially spare the England Club a tough decision as they are already without defending champion Serena Williams who is pregnant.
Several players, including former world number one Caroline Wozniacki and former Wimbledon runner-up Eugenie Bouchard, have been highly critical of tournament organisers handing five-times grand slam champion Sharapova wildcards.
But Sharapova remains one of the biggest names in the sport and has the pedigree to challenge for the title.
While at pains to say any application by Sharapova for wildcard would be treated like any other, Brook hinted that reputation could influence the committee which includes himself, Wimbledon tournament referee Andrew Jarrett and former British number one Tim Henman.
"We look at who has done well in the lead-up tournaments," he said.
"We will also consider what might add interest to the tournament. If someone has a strong record at Wimbledon that would be taken into consideration."
Brook also suggested Sharapova's case could be strengthened if she played at events in Nottingham, Birmingham or Eastbourne.
"We do appreciate players who play in grasscourt tournaments in the build-up to Wimbledon and success in those, for a number of years now, had been rewarded (with wildcards)."
The 30-year-old Sharapova, who failed an anti-doping test for the heart drug Meldonium after failing to realise it had been added to the banned list at the end of 2015, is also sweating on being handed a wildcard for the French Open.
A decision on that is expected on May 16.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Richard Lough)
May 3 Clearstream Energy Services Inc
* Clearstream announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 revenue rose 13 percent to C$77.7 million
* Clearstream Energy Services Inc - qtrly loss per share from continuing operations $ 0.03
* Clearstream Energy Services Inc - "modest improvements to oil and gas prices led to stronger industry conditions during Q1 of 2017"
* Clearstream Energy Services Inc - "turnaround demand is typically strong during Q2 and this is expected to be case in 2017" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Colombia coach laments fouls against England at World Cup
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Matthias Schrader, AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Referee Mark Geiger from U.S. shows the yellow card to England's Jesse Lingard during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Referee Mark Geiger from U.S. shows the yellow card to England's Jesse Lingard during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, ... more Photo: Matthias Schrader, AP Image 2 of 4 Colombias Radamel Falcao, left, is shown a yellow card by referee Mark Geiger from the US during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less Colombia's Radamel Falcao, left, is shown a yellow card by referee Mark Geiger from the US during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in ... more Photo: Victor R. Caivano, AP Image 3 of 4 Englands Jesse Lingard gets shown a yellow card by referee Mark Geiger from the US during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. less England's Jesse Lingard gets shown a yellow card by referee Mark Geiger from the US during the round of 16 match between Colombia and England at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Spartak Stadium, in Moscow, ... more Photo: Alastair Grant, AP Image 4 of 4 Colombia coach laments fouls against England at World Cup 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
MOSCOW (AP) — Eight yellow cards. A head-butt. Yelling players surrounding the referee. Gamesmanship and spikiness across the pitch. Decided on a penalty shoot-out, the World Cup drama of England vs. Colombia would have been better without the ugliness. Among those who thought so: Colombia coach Jose Pekerman.
"When there are so, so many fouls and interruptions I think that's not good," he said. "We shouldn't only look at Colombian players. We should also look at England players."
Struggling at times to keep control of the game, American referee Mark Geiger dished out six yellow cards to Colombian players.
Four of them were in a particularly ill-disciplined 12-minute second-half spell that included Colombia midfielder Carlos Sanchez wrestling England striker Harry Kane to the ground on a set-piece in the penalty box. Kane scored from the spot.
The two England players cautioned were Jordan Henderson and Jesse Lingard.
"There were so many interruptions in the game, far too many interruptions," Pekerman said. "That hasn't been good for us. It's hurt our side a lot."
Wilmar Barrios got the first yellow card, after he butted his head into Henderson's chest and then his chin. The England midfielder fell to the ground theatrically.
England manager Gareth Southgate defended his players' behavior.
"If we were down, it was because we were fouled," he said.
"There were many, many fouls in the game and I don't think we conceded anywhere near the number of our opponents. ... I'm proud of the discipline. We kept our composure in a really difficult environment and we deserved to win."
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Vehicles are displayed at a Carvana dealership, which allows customers to buy a used car online and have it delivered or pick it up from an automated-tower, in Austin, Texas, U.S., March 9, 2017. Picture taken March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Shares of Carvana Co (CVNA.N), which uses vending machine-like towers to sell used cars, plunged as much as 17 percent in their market debut on Friday.
The company's shares, which were priced at $15, opened at $13.50, giving the company a market value of about $2 billion. The shares fell 16.6 percent at $12.50.
Phoenix-based Carvana sells cars through its website and allows customers to pick them up from automated "vending machine" towers located in U.S. cities including Austin and Dallas in Texas, and Nashville, Tennessee.
"We're going to stay focused on what we can control, which is our business and the huge opportunity ahead," said Carvana's chief executive, Ernie Garcia, when asked about the weak stock debut.
The company's IPO comes amid mounting evidence that the six-year recovery in the U.S. auto industry may be losing steam.
Industry officials and Wall Street analysts have raised concerns that value for used sedans were dropping as more vehicles were turned in when leases ended.
Founded in 2013, Carvana is one of a handful of companies trying to disrupt how cars are traditionally bought in dealerships and to take on Carmax Inc (KMX.N), the largest used-car retailer in the United States. CarGurus, another popular website where consumers go to browse cars, has tapped investment banks for an initial public offering later this year.
Carvana stands to benefit from consumers' increasing comfort to buy vehicles online and the fact that car dealerships remain "largely unchanged," Garcia said.
TrueCar Inc (TRUE.O), an online service that matches car buyers with dealers, has seen its shares nearly double since its market debut in May 2014.
Carvana's sales surged nine-fold in 2014, more than tripled in 2015, and nearly tripled in 2016 to $365.1 million. However, the company's net loss widened to $93.1 million in 2016 from $36.8 million in 2015 as it invested heavily in growth.
The company sold all the 15 million shares in the offering, raising about $225 million.
Carvana is backed by DriveTime Automotive Group, a network of used-car dealerships and car refurbishment centers.
Wells Fargo, Citigroup and Deutsche Bank Securities were the underwriters for the offering.
(Reporting by Diptendu Lahiri in Bengaluru and Liana B. Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Leslie Adler)
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump plans to sign a repeal of Obama-era broadband privacy rules as a bigger fight looms overrules governing the openness of the internet, the White House said on Wednesday.
Republicans in Congress on Tuesday narrowly passed the repeal of the privacy rules with no Democratic support and over the strong objections of privacy advocates.
The fight over privacy sets the stage for an even larger battle later this year over Republican plans to overturn the net neutrality provisions adopted by the administration of former President Barack Obama in 2015.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said he did not know when Trump would sign the bill.
The privacy bill would repeal regulations adopted in October by the Federal Communications Commission under the Obama administration requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers' privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc's Google or Facebook Inc.
Under the rules, internet providers would need to obtain consumer consent before using precise geolocation, financial information, health information, children's information and web browsing history for advertising and marketing.
The reversal is a win for AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc. Websites are governed by a less restrictive set of privacy rules overseen by the Federal Trade Commission.
Republican commissioners have said the rules would unfairly give websites the ability to harvest more data than internet service providers.
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said in a tweet the vote was "Terrible for American ppl, great for big biz."
Republicans next plan to overturn net neutrality provisions that in 2015 reclassified broadband providers and treated them like a public utility.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, a Republican, in December said he believes that net neutrality's days are numbered.
The rules bar internet providers from obstructing or slowing down consumer access to web content and prohibit giving or selling access to speedy internet, essentially a "fast lane" on the web's information superhighway, to certain internet services.
Critics say the rules opened the door to potential government rate regulation, tighter oversight and would provide fewer incentives to invest billions in broadband infrastructure.
Pai told Reuters in February be backs "a free and open internet and the only question is what regulatory framework best secures that" but has steadfastly declined to disclose his plans.
Trump has not talked as president about net neutrality but in 2014 tweeted he opposed net neutrality.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Q&A: Local chef to compete on 'Chopped' tonight
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Food Network Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 Chef Matt Storch of Match, Nom Eez and Match Burger Lobster competed in Food Network's "Chopped" on April 24, 2018. Chef Matt Storch of Match, Nom Eez and Match Burger Lobster competed in Food Network's "Chopped" on April 24, 2018. Photo: Food Network Image 2 of 7 Matt Storch chef at Match restaurant in South Norwalk. hour photo/matthew vinci Matt Storch chef at Match restaurant in South Norwalk. hour photo/matthew vinci Image 3 of 7 Matt Storch, Chef and Owner of Match Restaurant in South Norwalk
Matt Storch, Chef and Owner of Match Restaurant in South Norwalk Photo: Ctbites Image 4 of 7 Buy photo Match restaurant executive chef Matt Storch gives a cooking demo during the 10th annual Blues, Views and BBQ Festival Saturday, September 2, 2017, in Westport, Conn.
Match restaurant executive chef Matt Storch gives a cooking demo during the 10th annual Blues, Views and BBQ Festival Saturday, September 2, 2017, in Westport, Conn. Photo: Erik Trautmann / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 Chef Matt Storch (of Match and Nom Eez) opened Match Burger Lobster this summer, a new fast casual concept.
Chef Matt Storch (of Match and Nom Eez) opened Match Burger Lobster this summer, a new fast casual concept. Photo: Ctbites Image 7 of 7 Q&As: Local chef to compete on 'Chopped' tonight 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Chef Matt Storch is a staple in the Fairfield County food scene. He grew up in Westport and has been the chef and owner of Match in Norwalk for 19 years. In 2016, he opened Nom-Eez, a Vietnamese street food restaurant in Bridgeport, and this past September, he opened Match Burger Lobster, a burger and lobster roll joint in Westport.
"One of my true loves is all the roadside shacks in New England with lobster rolls, burgers, hot dogs and onion rings. So that's the concept," he said.
"Chopped" Viewing Party When: 9pm, April 24 Where: Match, Norwalk What:Big screen projector, cocktails, live Q&A with Ken Tuccio and CT Bites
After tonight, Storch will be able to add a national TV appearance to his resume. Storch competed on an episode of Food Network's "Chopped" titled "Sensational Sandwiches" airing tonight at 10pm. The show pins chefs from around the country against each other and challenges them to cook dishes on the spot using secret ingredients from a basket.
While he can't give away what was in the secret ingredients baskets or what he cooked–or if he won–we caught up with Storch so get some insight into what went into filming:
Q. How did you get on the show?
A. I tried out many moons ago when the show first came out but they didn't take me and I didn't push it because I was having kids. But I have seven-year-old old twin boys now that love the show and wanted me to go on, so I pushed the show a little bit and I was selected to go on. That was almost a year ago now. It's crazy how long it takes; we filmed seven or eight months ago.
Q. What's Process like?
A. They call you to the studio in New York City for an on camera interview, and then they come to you to shoot B roll at the restaurant. A couple months later they give you the day you are going to compete and it's a full day process starting at like 4am.
Q. What was the challenge day like?
A. It is way harder than it looks when you have absolutely no idea what is in the baskets; the pressure is insane. That 20 minutes to make an appetizer goes a hell of a lot faster than you think. I was sweating and uncertain that I would be able to finish, but I did. It was a fun experience.
You walk in and there's got to be 20 cameras going at once. They don't miss a beat and the judges are intimidating. They are people that you respect in the industry. You're up against three other people. We were all multi-unit restaurant owners, so were all on the same level. The other chefs were from Arizona and Kentucky.
Q. How did you decide what to make?
A. I had a plan in my head of what I wanted to do, and that plan totally got brushed to the side when I opened my basket. I own an Asian restaurant, so I was planning something along those lines. The ingredients were very interesting. It definitely catches you off guard...your mind almost goes blank and you just go back to what you've been doing for 25 years. But that's where the best dishes come from– when you're under the gun.
Q. Who were the judges for your challenge?
A. Geoffrey Zakarian, Alex Guarnaschelli and Jeff Mauro. I have interviewed Zakarian and Alex Mauro. I had interviewed them before at Greenwich Wine + Food Festival so we are familiar with each other, but not to the extent that it would influence the judging.
Q. Are your kids excited about the episode to air?
A. They are so excited, but unfortunately they're only seven so they can't stay up until 10pm to watch, so I promised we'd watch it first thing the morning.
Q. What do you hope this means for your restaurants?
A. It was fun. I'm not expecting too much from it. The show has been on for so long that the industry thinks its cool, and if you happen to win that's cool as well. My customers, I think, will find it exciting. It's a nice little blue ribbon.
Q. You are not the first Fairfield County chef to go on Chopped. How do you feel about the CT food scene getting more attention?
A. It needs more! We are in between Boston and NYC and they gobble up all the talent and they gobble up all the attention. Trying to get on the map in Connecticut is difficult. But finally it seems we have a pretty large talent pool out here and it's drawing more attention.
Q. What are your favorite local restaurants?
A. Fortina in Stamford and The Cottage and OKO in Westport
Janet Jackson's family have not forgiven Justin Timberlake for the 2004 Super Bowl.
The 'Sexy Back' singer accidentally exposed Janet's breast to the world when he ripped off a portion of her clothing while they were performing on stage together during the halftime show at the sporting extravaganza and now that Justin is back for Super Bowl LII, her father Joe Jackson thinks Janet, 51, should also be invited.
He told the New York Post: "If he's such a gentleman, he'd make sure Janet [Jackson] is there."
Although Janet has never been invited back to the Super Bowl, Justin previously insisted that they had discussed the unfortunate incident afterwards and "made peace".
Asked if they had taken time to "resolve the situation" and "make peace of the whole thing", Justin said: "Absolutely. I don't know that a lot of people know that. I don't think it's my job to do that because you value the relationships that you do have with people."
Justin claimed the incident occurred because he had his "wires crossed" but he's learned from the mistake.
He said: "I stumbled through it ... to be quite honest, I had my wires crossed.
"It's just something that you have to look back on and go, 'OK, you can't change what's happened, but you can move forward and learn from it."
The 36-year-old singer - who has son Silas, two, with wife Jessica Biel - will headline the Halftime show at the NFL showpiece game at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minnesota this weekend, and revealed he's given reassurances that such an incident won't happen again.
He said: "Naturally, that's something we talked about.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bioleaders Corp :
* Says it plans to buy 8.7 million shares of Next BT Co., Ltd, a health functional food company, for 36 billion won
* It will hold a 21.79 percent stake(8.7 million shares) in target company after transaction
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/SuTKrB
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
GREENVILLE — A benefit concert for the late Nicole Lachat, who was part of the/DD (Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities) community, will be held on April 28 from 6 to 9 p.m. at the Lighthouse Christian Center.
The event, entitled The Nicole Lachat Benefit Concert, was put together by Nicole's sister, Didi Howell. Howell said she knew she wanted to honor Nicole in some way once she passed away.
“Music was very important to her,” said Howell.
It was because of her love for music and dancing she decided on the benefit concert. She said Nicole had all the Just Dance games and had a karaoke machine both at home and at work she utilized often.
Nicole was born with a mild case of cerebral palsy that left her with a limited amount of strength. She also had an intellectual disability. However, none of this stopped her from doing what she wanted to do.
She was always ready for what life had in store for her. She said she always wanted to be surrounded by people. Her friends list was numerous and she wanted to continue to grow it. Nicole made many of her friends at PCS (Person Centered Services), previously Wayne Industries, where she began working in 2006.
“Her friends at work and family were very important to her. She loved spending a lot of time with them.”
Howell said she was always busy doing something and sought after new things to do. Her disabilities never put a damper on her life, even when she got sick. She was eager to return to work, asking the doctor when she would be able to return.
Nicole was 31 years old when she passed away. Her death was a shock to everyone because she seemed to have been getting over her illness. Howell said she had attended church Sunday and went to work the following day. Nicole passed away in her sleep sometime after her work day.
“I think she is jam-packed as much as she could into those 31 years more than most people probably would in their lifetime.”
The concert will feature the Artistic Variations Dance Group, which is an/DD adult program, from the Final Bow studio. There will be door prizes, a silent auction until 8:30 p.m. The entire event food and vendors will be available.
The Christian band Faith Over Fear will be performing for the first hour of the event. Howell will also be performing a song she wrote for her sister. She said she learned how to play the song on the guitar and never would have done it had it not been for her sister.
“My sister has inspired me to follow my dreams and live my life.”
Courtesy photo Nicole Lachat with her sister Didi Howell http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/04/web1_Nicole-Lachat-benefit.jpg Courtesy photo Nicole Lachat with her sister Didi Howell
A recycled SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket soars toward space above a Virgin Airlines passenger jet, which had just departed Orlando International Airport, in Orlando, Florida, March 30, 2017. The launch marked the first time ever that a rocket was reused for spaceflight. REUTERS/Gregg Newton
A recycled SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket soars toward space above a Virgin Airlines passenger jet, which had just departed Orlando International Airport, in Orlando, Florida, March 30, 2017. The launch marked the first time ever that a rocket was reused for spaceflight. REUTERS/Gregg Newton
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket recovered at sea from its maiden flight last year blasted off again from Florida on Thursday in the first successful launch of a recycled orbital-class booster, then capped the feat with another return landing on an ocean platform.
The unprecedented twin achievements of re-launching a used rocket and salvaging the vehicle yet again were hailed by billionaire SpaceX founder Elon Musk as a revolutionary step in his quest to slash launch costs and shorten intervals between space shots.
"This is a huge day," Musk told reporters after the launch. "My mind's blown."
It took Space Exploration Technologies Corp, as the California-based company is formally known, 15 years to demonstrate that a rocket typically discarded in the ocean after a single flight could be recovered and reused.
The SpaceX chief executive said his next goal is to turn the booster around for relaunch in 24 hours, a milestone he said could be accomplished before the end of the year.
“The potential is there for (an) over 100-fold reduction in the cost of access to space. If we can achieve that, it means humanity can become a space-faring civilization and be out there among the stars. This is what we want for the future,” he said.
The Falcon 9 booster, which previously flew in April 2016, lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center at 6:27 p.m. EDT (2227 GMT) to put a communications satellite into orbit for Luxembourg-based SES SA SESFg.LU.
The booster's main section then separated from the rest of the rocket and flew itself back to a landing pad in the Atlantic, where it successfully touched down for its second at-sea return.
"We made a little bit of history today ... opened the door into a whole new era of spaceflight,” said Martin Halliwell the chief technology officer for SES, who joined Musk at the news conference.
SpaceX landed an orbital rocket after launch for the first time in December 2015, a feat it has now repeated eight times. The Falcon 9 booster launched for the company's 33rd mission on Thursday was also the first to make a successful return landing in the ocean.
By reusing rockets, SpaceX aims to eventually cut its costs by about 30 percent, the company has said. It lists the cost of a Falcon 9 ride at $62 million but has not yet announced a price for flying on a recycled rocket.
Not all the savings will be passed on to SpaceX customers, some of whom were awaiting the outcome of Thursday's flight before agreeing to fly on a used booster, Musk said.
The company spent at least $1 billion developing the technology to land and refly its rockets and aims to recoup its investment in the next year or so, Musk said.
The boosters are expected to be able to fly 10 times with no refurbishment and about 100 times with moderate reconditioning, though the one launched Thursday will be donated to the Cape Canaveral Spaceport for display, Musk said.
Proving the concept works is crucial to SpaceX, which is moving on from an accident in September that damaged another Florida site.
SpaceX also is working on a passenger spaceship, with two unidentified tourists signed up for a future trip around the moon. The company's long-term goal under Musk is to establish a colony on Mars and ferry people and cargo back and forth between the planets.
On Thursday, the rocket's second-stage, which is not recovered, continued firing to carry SES-10 into an initial egg-shaped orbit high above Earth, which it will provide television and other communications services to Latin America.
SES received a discount for joining the inaugural run, Halliwell told reporters, but he declined to say how much. The latest flight brings to 65 the number of SES satellites in orbit, with nine more slated for launch this year.
(Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by James Dalgleish and Lisa Shumaker)
Ben Whishaw wants his James Bond character, Q, to become the focus of the franchise.
The 37-year-old actor will return as the tech expert for the third time in the next installment of the spy saga - which will be Daniel Craig's final outing as Bond - and hopes his part will get progressively bigger in the future.
Asked what he'd think if Q was the next 007, he said: "Oh, yeah! I'd only do it if I could be Q, though, doing it. I don't want to jinx anything, but I'm definitely up for being more active."
Though Ben is expecting to start work on Bond 25 later in the year, he admitted the project is so secretive, he hasn't even had his casting confirmed yet.
Asked by Vulture if he is officially returning for the next movie, he said: "That's my understanding. I believe we're starting in December, so I haven't read anything or talked to anybody yet. But that's quite normal. It's all incredibly secretive until the last moment."
The 'A Very English Scandal' actor seeks out roles that offer him "complicated psychologies" and he particularly likes playing "clever" characters.
He said: "I'm interested in interesting behaviour and complicated psychologies. I love ambiguity in characters or ambivalence.
"I like characters who are clever, who've got some kind of energy, some kind of survival instinct. I like using narrative comedy and darkness."
While he's still being kept in the dark about Bond 25, Ben recently admitted he's looking forward to working with director Danny Boyle on the film.
He said: "I just think it's really exciting to have Danny Boyle on board for Bond. I was thrilled when I read that he was going to be doing it, I can't think of a better or more exciting fit for Daniel [Craig] and the direction he's taken the character of Bond.
April 13 Concho Resources Inc
* Concho Resources - on April 12, Concho Resources entered second amendment to its second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of May 9, 2014
* Concho Resources - second amendment to credit agreement extends maturity date of company's credit facility from May 9, 2019 to May 9, 2022
* Concho Resources - second amendment increases co's current borrowing base under second amended and restated credit agreement from $2.8 billion to $3.0 billion
* Second amendment also decreases aggregate amount of lender commitments from $2.5 billion to $2.0 billion Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2pwHaln) Further company coverage:
March 30 Orocobre Ltd:
* Sale of Salinas Grandes exploration assets
* As consideration for sale of Salinas Grandes tenements, LSC will pay to orocobre US$7 million, with US$4 million payable at closing
* As consideration for sale LSC will transfer to Orocobre three properties located at Olaroz
* Consideration also includes a further US$3 million payable by way of 3 annual tranches of US$1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Works and sounds great! This is our 1958 Porsche Diesel Super S308 Tractor. Completely restored some eleven years ago, it was purchased by the late owner, an enthusiastic private collector and since then has seen little use. #tiriaccollection #tiriac #porsche #porschetractor #tractor
A post shared by Tiriac Collection (@tiriaccollection) on Apr 16, 2018 at 2:18am PDT
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
The federal government says the Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has proposed for marijuana packaging, which will include a bright red stop sign emblazoned with a pot leaf and the letters THC.
Health Canada unveiled the results Monday of a 60-day consultation around its proposed regulations, in which it emphasized a focus on reducing the appeal of marijuana to youth and preventing accidental consumption.
The proposed regulations would require logos to be a single colour, with no metallic or fluorescent finishes. Packages would have to be opaque and child-resistant, with a bright yellow health warning similar to those used on tobacco products.
“We are taking a public health approach to legalizing and regulating cannabis, and we are committed to keeping cannabis out of the hands of children and youth,” Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said in a statement.
“Measures such as the packaging and labelling requirements announced today will help to achieve this goal.”
READ MORE: Legal marijuana won't hit shelves before August
Packaging would also have to describe how much active ingredient is contained in the product, including THC and cannabidiol.
Cannabis legislation is currently before Parliament and none of the regulations are final until approved by legislators. Once approved, the restrictions will apply immediately to recreational marijuana, while a Health Canada official says medical marijuana packaging will be granted a six-month window to comply.
The consultation received more than 3,200 online submissions and 450 written responses, as well as input from health and law enforcement experts, governments, patient advocates and industry representatives.
Health Canada also proposed two new categories of small-scale producers — micro-cultivators and micro-processors — where lower-level security requirements would apply to businesses that grow or process smaller amounts of marijuana.
Micro-cultivators would be allowed to grow marijuana with a plant canopy of 200 square metres, which Health Canada described as equivalent to half the space between the blue lines on a standard Canadian hockey rink.
Legislation to legalize recreational marijuana is currently before the Senate, with the federal government hoping to see it passed and given royal assent by early July.
Geordon Omand, The Canadian Press
ISTANBUL, April 10 Turkey's Vestel is in talks to buy the television unit of Japan's Toshiba Corp , an official for the Turkish maker of electronics and home appliances said on Monday, declining to be identified.
Vestel last year signed a five-year agreement with Toshiba, giving it the right to produce and sell televisions under the Toshiba brand in Europe.
Toshiba, a televisions-to-construction conglomerate expects to book a net loss of about $9 billion for the year that ended in March, due to a writedown related to cost overruns at its U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse that recently went bankrupt. (Reporting by Ceyda Caglayan; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Daren Butler)
Planning for another week in New York City? If you're curious about where design-inclined folks are gathering around town, Archinect and Bustler have compiled a snappy list of local architecture and design events that are worth checking out. Check back regularly so you don't miss out.
This week's recommendations include the book launch of Justin Davidson's “Magnetic City: A Walking Companion to New York” and lectures from Hanif Kara and Weiss/Manfredi. It's also the final week for exhibitions on the Olana Summer House and “Mastering the Metropolis” on NYC's landmark Zoning Resolution of 1916.
Magnetic City | April 17
Photo: Malinda Rathnayake/Flickr.
“In light of the release of his new book Magnetic City: A Walking Companion to New York, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Justin Davidson sits down with Michelle Young of Untapped Cities to explore New York City through the perspectives of the designers, visionaries, artists, and writers who have built and lived there.”
Hanif Kara on "Designing Interdisciplinary Attitudes" | April 18
Heydar Aliyev Center designed by Zaha Hadid Architects. Photo via cooper.edu.
“The combination of the brute forces of computation and intuition have encouraged new innovations in processes and methods of design allowing a freer movement between disciplines and binding design as well as fabrication and construction more coherently. Professor Hanif Kara — London-based structural engineer and Professor of Architectural Technology at Harvard GSD — will try to share the impact of these expanded opportunities through a series of built projects.”
Marion Weiss and Michael A. Manfredi: Converging Territories | April 19
The Bridge at Cornell Tech by Weiss/Manfredi. Rendering via aap.cornell.edu.
“Marion Weiss and Michael Manfredi will provide an overview of their recent work and introduce a current project, The Bridge, a building on Cornell Tech's groundbreaking new Roosevelt Island campus.”
Follies, Function & Form: Imagining Olana's Summer House | Closing on April 22
Olana State Historic Site. Photo via Facebook.
“Lacking documentary evidence to demonstrate the design and style of the [Olana Summer House], 21 architects and landscape architects were invited to interpret this [non-existing] structure, in response to Olana's historic context and dramatic setting.”
Mastering the Metropolis: New York and Zoning | Closing on April 23
Photo © Iwan Baan, via mcny.org.
It's the final week of the “Mastering the Metropolis” exhibition at the Museum of the City of New York. “On the 100th anniversary of America's first comprehensive zoning resolution [the Zoning Resolution of 1916, this exhibition] examines the effects of the evolving law and chart the history of the city's zoning rules and debates to the current day...”
Also keep track of our weekly event picks for Los Angeles, London, and Chicago.
Find more events in New York City here.
Have an event you want to submit? Send it to Bustler for review here.
Ed Sheeran is "not perfect" but hasn't ever tried to pretend he was.
The 'Galway Girl' hitmaker insists he is a "f***ing ****" at times and that there are "so many shades" to him, but he simply tries to be honest in life and particularly when he is penning tracks.
He said: "I'm not tarring anyone with any brush. I'm very open that I've been a f***ing **** at times. There's my song called 'Happier', and the whole thing is, 'You've got a new boyfriend and look happy.'
"I was saying, 'You deserved someone better.' There are so many shades of me. I'm not perfect."
Ed - who is dating Cherry Seaborn - tends to "feel better" after he's poured his heart out in songs, and while he admits some of his "spiteful" lyrics haven't always gone down too well with his pals, he is simply being honest.
He said: "There have been songs that ended friendships.
"But the whole point is to get s**t out and put it in a song so I feel better. It's selfish, but people like it."
Earlier this year, the 'Thinking Out Loud' star landed a cameo appearance on HBO fantasy drama 'Game of Thrones' which divided opinions with fans of the series.
However, he insists he shouldn't have been "judged" for the two lines he read on the show, and couldn't believe people described him as taking the "realism" out of the series considering dragons play a huge part in the programme.
Ed told the Sunday Times Culture magazine: "You can't judge ability after two lines.
Country Life rounds up the best things to see, do and book over the next few weeks.
Festivals – Food and drink – Lectures and debates
Books and literature – Sport, games and the great outdoors – Cinema and theatre
Plants, gardens and nature – Music and concerts
Theatre – Art and exhibitions
Plant, gardens and nature
July 3-8 – Hampton Court Flower Show, Hampton Court, Surrey
Held in the grounds of Hampton Court Palace itself, this is proud to call itself Britain's biggest flower show. Highlights this year include a ‘river of flowers' featuring thousands of Argentinian vervains, a series of workshops and of course hundreds of stalls for keen horticultural shoppers. All-day tickets are £33 when bought in advance (£27.50 for RHS members – both types of ticket cost about 20% more if bought on the door), with each ticket holder allowed to bring in two under-16s free of charge – and there are reductions if you're going in after 3pm. 10am – 7.30pm from Tuesday 3rd to Saturday 7th, and 10am-5,30pm on Sunday 8th.
July 12 – Designing in the Naturalistic Style, Knoll Gardens, Wimborne, Dorset
Get practical advice from Neil Lucas during a walk around his acclaimed naturalistic and wildlife-friendly garden. £15pp, 10.30am–12pm.
www.knollgardens.co.uk
July 8 – NGS opening of Cogshall Grange, Northwich, Cheshire CW9 6BJ
This extensive garden created by Tom Stuart-Smith has an elegant Georgian house (not open) at its centre and parkland provides a wider landscape setting and views. There are highly individual details of both design and planting from the acclaimed designer and the overall effect is a veritable feast for visitors. 11am–5pm. £6, children free.
www.ngs.org.uk/find-a-garden/garden/30925/
China, glass and tableware
From June 22 – China, glass and homeware sale, Thomas Goode & Co, South Audley Street, London
The 200-year-old shop – who've supplied everyone from the Royal Family downwards – has opened its vaults for a huge clear-out of stock. There are some interesting lots – including House of Odiot candelabras, reduced from £41,500 to £21,750. The shop is opening on Sundays for the duration of the sale, which will run until stocks last.
thomasgoode.com
Festivals and fairs
July 5–15 – JAM on the Marsh, Romney Marsh, Kent
Concerts, exhibitions, theatre, poetry, children's events and a churches tour, with an open-air production of Noël Coward's Blithe Spirit. On July 8, there will be free steam-train travel between New Romney and Romney Marsh Visitor Centre.
www.jamconcert.org
July 20–22 – Curious Arts Festival, Pylewell Park, Lymington, Hampshire
A thoroughly English and eccentric affair involving everything from novelists, poetry, dogs and G&Ts to midnight bat-walks and poker games. Adult tickets from £55.
www.curiousartsfestival.com
July 6–14 – Winchester Festival, various venues, Winchester
Music, talks, drama, visual arts and guided walks across the city. This year's line up includes John Humphrys, Jeremy Paxman, Mary Berry and Richard Dawkins plus music from award-winning choir Tenebrae, string quartet Piatti and the National Youth Jazz Orchestra.
winchesterfestival.co.uk
July 18 – Lycetts Festival of Hunting, East of England Showground, Peterborough
The annual showcase for the world of hunting, with what organisers call ‘the greatest gathering of hounds in the country'. The 2018 edition includes the 130th Peterborough Royal Foxhound Show as well as the popular Inter Hunt relays where opposing teams of riders race each other over a mirror image set of jumps.
www.festivalofhunting.com
July 27–29 – The Game Fair, Ragley Hall, Warwickshire
The 60th-anniversary year will see gundog scurries, falconry and fishing demonstrations plus live music from Ronnie Scott's and food by TV chef James Martin. Adult tickets from £27.
www.thegamefair.org
Food & Drink
July 4 – Food and wine pairing evening, Churchill Arms, Paxford, Gloucestershire
The restaurant's wine merchant, Milton Sandford Wines, are opening their cellars for a special food and wine-matching menu with head chef and owner Nick Deverell Smith playing host. £40 per person for a three-course meal with wine.
www.churchillarms.co
July 15 – Wild Food Foraging and Cookery Course, Hinchingbrooke Country Park, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire
Discover how to identify edible wild plants and mushrooms before going foraging to harvest and prepare a two-course meal. 10am–4pm, £60pp.
www.totallywilduk.co.uk
July 28 – A Royal Experience: Celebrating 65 Years of Britannia, Royal Yacht Britannia, Edinburgh
Join an exclusive four-course dinner aboard Her Majesty's yacht with the last serving captain as well as a tour of the State Apartments. From 7pm, £195pp.
www.royalyachtbritannia.co.uk
Lectures and debates
July 10 – Countryside debate chaired by Jonathan Dimbleby, Emmanuel Centre, London SW1
‘The Fight for the Countryside: Britain Should Rewild its Uplands' will see authors Mark Cocker and George Monbiot argue for the motion and NFU president Minette Batters and Conservative MP Rory Stewart against. Tickets from £10.
www.intelligencesquared.com
July 12 – To Catch a King: Charles II's Great Escape, Broughton Castle, Banbury, Oxfordshire
The Banbury Museum summer lecture, delivered by Charles Spencer, 9th Earl Spencer, uses extensive archive material to tell the story of the greatest manhunt in history. Tickets £25, gates open at 5pm for picnics in the grounds, lecture from 7pm
www.banburymuseum.org
Books and literature
July 6–8 – Man Booker 50 Festival, Southbank Centre, Belvedere Road, London SE1
A weekend of debates, panels and masterclasses with more than 60 speakers from the prize's 50-year history, including winners Kazuo Ishiguro and Paul Beatty. Tickets from £10.
www.southbankcentre.co.uk
June 29–July 8 – Ledbury Poetry Festival, Herefordshire
Rated as ‘one of the most exciting and important literary festivals in England' by Carol Ann Duffy, this year's programme includes appearances by Benjamin Zephaniah, Michael Palin and Sabrina Mahfouz.
www.poetry-festival.co.uk
Sport, games and the great outdoors
July 5–8 – St James's Place Barbury International Horse Trials, Marlborough, Wiltshire
Eventing in a spectacular setting, plus an inter-hunt relay, jockeys jumping and shopping. Adult tickets from £8.
www.barburyhorsetrials.co.uk
July 16–22 – The Real Tennis Champions Trophy, Hampton Court Palace, East Molesey, Surrey
Professional competitors from around the world battle it out for a second year on the Royal Tennis Court, where Henry VIII once played. Tickets from £15, including admission to Hampton Court Palace.
www.hrp.org.uk/realtennis
Cinema and Theatre
July 21–September2 – The Scarecrows' Wedding, Leicester Square Theatre, London
The latest of Julia Donaldson's enchanting children's books to get the stage treatment features Betty O'Barley and Harry O'Hay, scarecrows whose wedding plans are scuppered by the devilishly smooth Reginald Rake. It's a 55-minute show suitable for ages three and up – tickets £19.50/£14.50, with family tickets available at £55.
stickman.ticketsolve.com/shows/873581266/events/128103281
July 13, 14, 20 and 21 – Withnail and I at Sleddale Hall, Shap, Cumbria
This screening of the cult film at ‘Uncle Monty's cottage' is the ultimate outdoor-cinema experience, with food, an onsite bar, games, dancing and compulsory camping. Entry from 5.30pm, tickets £45 including evening meal. Luxury furnished bell tents available at extra cost.
picniccinema.co.uk
Music and dance
July 20–21 Nicolò Isouard's Cinderella, The Deanery Garden, Bampton, Oxfordshire
Bampton Classical Opera celebrates its 25th anniversary with this lyrical telling of the classic fairytale. Further performances will take place at The Orangery Theatre, Westonbirt School, Gloucestershire (August 27) and St John's Smith Square, London SW1 (September 18). Adult tickets £38.
www.bamptonopera.org
July 20–22 – Ballet Under the Stars, Hatch House, Tisbury, Wiltshire
Three nights of world-class ballet, contemporary and classical, performed by the Covent Garden Dance Company in the 17th-century walled Dutch garden, with the Best of British theme. Gardens open at 6pm and, post-show, there's a cocktail bar with music until 1am. Tickets from £120 including three-course dinner with drinks.
www.coventgardendance.co.uk
July 28-August 25 – Dartington International Summer School and Festival concerts and events, Dartington Hall, Totnes, Devon
Bumper celebration of the Summer School's 70th anniversary with a different theme each week: The Heavens, Moon and Stars; Bach's St Matthew Passion; powerful women; and the history of Dartington and Dorothy Elmhirst's influence.
www.dartington.org
Theatre
August 25 – Romeo and Juliet, Bamburgh Castle, Northumberland
Cycling theatre company The HandleBards presents an all-female performance of the Shakespeare classic. General admission £15, from 6.30pm, with doors open an hour earlier for guests to enjoy picnics in the gardens.
www.handlebards.com
Art and Exhibitions
July 12–21 – ‘Jonathan Cooper: 30 Years', Jonathan Cooper Gallery, Park Walk, London SW10
Thirtieth anniversary group exhibition showcasing the works of 30 international artists within the genres of wildlife, botanical, landscape and still life.
www.jonathancooper.co.uk
July 9–14 – ‘Travels with a Paintbrush', Royal Opera Arcade Gallery, Pall Mall, London SW1
Sixth solo exhibition from former Country Life Frontispiece Alice Hall (May 25, 2016), including 80 Impressionistic landscape paintings and drawings created around the world
www.alicehall.co.uk
July 7–January 6, 2019 – ‘Catwalking: fashion through the lens of Chris Moore', The Bowes Museum, Barnard Castle, Co Durham
A rare insight into the fashion world, with 200 original photographs from shows by Balenciaga, Chanel and Vivienne Westwood plus a selection of catwalk outfits.
www.thebowesmuseum.org.uk
July 4–July 28 – ‘Getting Away!', Arthouse1, Grange Road, Bermondsey, London SE1
A playful glimpse of the great British holiday using sculpture, paintings, video, plaster and ceramics, from melting ice creams to deck chairs and bank-holiday traffic. The exhibition will also appear at Quay Arts, Newport, Isle of Wight, from August 4 to September 29.
www.arthouse1.co.uk
June 20–July 17 – ‘The Dambusters and Beyond: Celebrating the RAF', The North Wall Arts Centre, Oxford
Archive photography, military artefacts, private papers and diaries will be on show to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the RAF, including the vital roles played by women.
www.thenorthwall.com
June 9–July 21 – Martin Greenland, New Ashgate Gallery, Farnham, Surrey
‘Beautifully detailed, highly realistic yet surreal' landscape paintings by the award-winning Lake District-based artist.
www.newashgate.org.uk
Until October 21 – ‘Canaletto and the Art of Venice', The Queen's Gallery, Palace of Holyroodhouse, Edinburgh
The exhibition was a hit in London last year, and now The Royal Collection's 18th-century Venetian work is on display in Edinburgh, with pieces by its most famous view-painter and his contemporaries.
www.royalcollection.org.uk
May 26–November 11 – ‘Baldwin & Guggisberg: Under an Equal Sky', Canterbury Cathedral
Large-scale glass installations designed to commemorate the centenary of the end of the First World War include 100 glass amphorae suspended in the shape of a ship. Normal admission prices apply
www.canterbury-cathedral.org
Until January 27, 2019 – ‘House of Portraits', Powis Castle, Welshpool
Portraits by the likes of Reynolds, Gainsborough and Sargent will be on show, as well as Isaac Oliver's miniature of Lord Edward Herbert of Cherbury, which was bought for the nation in 2016.
www.nationaltrust.org.uk/powis-castle-and-garden/features/house-of-portraits
May 8–October 31 – ‘An Elixir of Letters', Chelsea Physic Garden, London
New artworks by leading lettering artists on the theme of drink, featuring pieces in stone, slate and metal inspired by the plants that go into teas, cordials and beers.
www.chelseaphysicgarden.co.uk
April 25–July 7 – ‘I Do!', Willis Museum and Sainsbury Gallery, Basingstoke
Wedding dresses, veils, bonnets and shoes illustrate the choices made by brides from the 1770s to today. This exhibition will also appear at Gosport Gallery (July 27–October 9) and Winchester Discovery Centre (October 20–January 6, 2019). Free entry, suggested £3 donation.
www.hampshireculturaltrust.org.uk
21 April-8 July 2018 – ‘Paul Feiler: One Hundred Years', Jerwood Gallery, Hastings
A celebration of the life and work of Paul Feiler (1918-2013), one of the foremost figures of the Modern Art movement emanating from the South West of England.
www.jerwoodgallery.org/whatson/62/one-hundred-years
Until January 27, 2019 – ‘The Poppy: A Symbol of Remembrance', National War Museum, Edinburgh Castle
Exploration of the symbolism of the poppy, from John McCrae's In Flanders Fields to the inaugural ‘poppy day' in 1921 and the first poppies to come out of the factory established by Lady Haig in 1926. Free admission with entry to the castle.
www.nms.ac.uk
March 30–September 30 – Outdoor Sculpture and Indoor Art Exhibitions at The Walled Gardens, Croome Court, near High Green, Worcestershire
A series of exhibitions showcasing the works of various artists, including sculpture, landscapes, wildlife paintings, glasswork and embroidery. All pieces will be offered for sale. Standard admission applies.
www.croomewalledgardens.com
Until January 27, 2019 – ‘The Poppy: A Symbol of Remembrance', National War Museum, Edinburgh Castle
Exploration of the symbolism of the poppy, from John McCrae's In Flanders Fields to the inaugural ‘poppy day' in 1921 and the first poppies to come out of the factory established by Lady Haig in 1926. Free admission with entry to the castle.
www.nms.ac.uk
Until July 13 – ‘Arabian Horse: From the Desert to the World', National Heritage Centre for Horseracing & Sporting Art, Palace House, Newmarket
A celebration of the world's oldest horse breed and the centenary of the Arab Horse Society, with the first mapped genome of an Arab, plus paintings, prints and artefacts.
www.palacehousenewmarket.co.uk
March 29 Apollo Global Management Llc
* Chisholm Oil & Gas and funds affiliated with Apollo Global Management announce strategic partnership and acquisition of stack assets
* Chisholm Oil & Gas - co, certain funds managed by affiliates of Apollo announced formation of a strategic partnership to invest in oil and gas properties in Oklahoma
* Chisholm Oil & Gas Llc - initial acquisition is comprised of approximately 53,000 acres in and around Kingfisher County, Oklahoma
* Chisholm Oil & Gas - Apollo funds have opportunity to invest up to $900 million in Chisholm to develop co's existing assets and pursue add-on acquisitions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Paige has revealed she finds it "hard to be close" to people following the leak of her sex tape earlier this year.
The 25-year-old professional wrestler - whose real name is Saraya-Jade Bevis - had her world turned upside down in March this year when explicit photos and videos of her were shared online without her consent.
Now, she has opened up about the scandal, and she insists she now "craves privacy", as she is often approached about the leak whenever she leaves the house.
Speaking about her need for privacy, she said: "I crave privacy. I want it. I don't even want to tell people the next time I speak to a guy, I don't want people to know about it, and it's mostly because of what's happened this year. That scarred me, just people invading my privacy to a point where sometimes I don't even want to go out, because I'm like 'People are just looking at me bad'.
"For example, I was out with my friends and we were just sitting there. We had like a bloody mary or whatever but this guy goes up to my friend and goes 'That's the porn star. I j***ed off to her yesterday.' And you know what, my friend literally stood up for me so much, but I was just sitting there, like I was super f***ing bummed out."
Paige - who split from fellow wrestler Alberto Del Rio earlier this year - admits the experience has left her more wary of those she gets close to, and says she finds it difficult to trust loved ones since the leak.
She added: "I just went in the toilet, and they don't know but like I cried in the toilet. It's just one of those things. I don't cry a lot either, but it's just one of those things where I find it really hard to be close to anybody, and that's exactly the reason why."
The wrestling star - who made her return to WWE last month after having been suspended after breaking their Wellness Policy in 2016 - also insists the photos and videos don't define who she is as a person, and has urged other young girls to "be careful" when it comes to sharing private content.
Speaking during an appearance on Lilian Garcia's 'Chasing Glory' podcast, Paige said: "I'm not a bad person. And those are the kind of things that I don't want to be known as. That's not me, people make mistakes. I've made a ton of mistakes and that was one of them. I was young, I was dumb, I was like 19, 20.
"I was dumb, and those are the kind of things that I just wanna tell girls like ... Social media is a big thing these days, cameras are a big thing, just be careful what you do with it. Because you never know what you're going to be doing in your future."
"It doesn't matter what the dynamic was," he said with a stern expression. "You're not going to force me to do anything."
Stanton said he considered the threat unfair.
"Yeah, after being a part of the organization for so long, and everything I've done there," he said.
In an Instagram post, Stanton thanked Marlins fans and the organization, but he also referred to the "roller coaster years" under previous owner Jeffrey Loria.
"I've always tried to be as professional as possible during the unprofessional, circus times there!" he wrote.
Jeter has drawn criticism for the trade and other moves early in his tenure as an owner, but he said he would have done nothing different regarding Stanton. The Marlins acquired two prospects and second baseman Starlin Castro.
"Contrary to popular belief, we were not stuck with this deal," Jeter said. "This was the best deal out of the three for our organization. ... We think we got some good prospects in return."
Further payroll paring is likely at the winter meetings, which Jeter is not attending. Castro and outfielders Marcell Ozuna and Christian Yelich are believed to be on the trading block.
But the departure of Stanton increases the Marlins' options.
"It's tough to have one player be such a huge part of your payroll," Jeter said.
The payroll purge is the latest in a series for the Marlins, who haven't been to the playoffs since 2003 and have finished last in the NL in attendance 12 of the past 13 years.
With Stanton gone, neither the team's record nor support by antagonized fans is likely to improve soon.
"Look, I get it. They're upset. They're passionate," Jeter said. "That's what makes them fans. But the bottom line is the fans want to see a winning product on the field. They haven't seen a winning product on the field.
"To do this, we're going to have to make some moves and build this organization. I would tell the fans: Be patient. What had been in place has not been working, and we need to fix that."
Said Stanton: "I would advise them not to give up. Just keep hope. Maybe watch from afar, if you're going to watch."
The Associated Press
BEIJING The head of China's insurance regulator is being investigated for suspected disciplinary violations, the country's top anti-graft body said on Sunday, bringing the most senior financial regulator to date into the government's fight against corruption.
China's top leaders have pledged this year to address financial risks and asset bubbles.
In a brief statement, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said Xiang Junbo, head of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission (CIRC) and a member of the central bank's monetary policy committee, was suspected of "serious disciplinary violations" - a phrase that usually refers to graft.
It gave no further details.
Xiang's name and position has been removed from the CIRC's website, www.circ.gov.cn, although news about my remains.
As head of the insurance regulator, Xiang oversaw rapid growth of the insurance industry, along with liberalisation of investment rules that provided insurers greater latitude to invest more of their assets at home and overseas.
China's insurance assets nearly doubled over the last three years, reaching 15.1 trillion yuan (2 trillion pounds) at the end of 2016.
In February, Xiang appeared at a press conference where he vowed the insurance regulator would take more punitive action to punish short-term speculators and reduce long-term risk.
Xiang said CIRC wouldn't allow the insurance industry to become "a rich man's club" or hideout for "financial crocodiles".
The regulator has intensified a crackdown on risky activity by some aggressive players in the insurance sector, particularly those seen to be engaging in financial market speculation using expensive short-term funds.
Xiang, 60, took control of the insurance regulator in 2011 after serving as chairman of Agricultural Bank of China Ltd (601288.SS) (1288.HK), one of the four biggest state banks.
Xiang was previously a deputy central bank governor and vice chief at the National Audit Office.
Xiang would be the most senior regulator hauled in during the anti-graft campaign since Yao Gang, a former deputy head of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, was put under investigation in late 2015 following a stock market crash.
ANTI-GRAFT DRIVE
President Xi Jinping has embarked upon a sweeping campaign against deep-rooted graft since assuming power in late 2012. His drive is tearing down once-untouchable party, military and business leaders as well as their powerful networks of relatives and allies.
Authorities will combat corruption in the financial sector that is prone to risks from bad loans, bond defaults, shadow banking and Internet finance, Premier Li Keqiang said in remarks published on Sunday.
"Corruption in the financial sector should be resolutely investigated and punished," Li said in a recent speech posted on the central government's website.
"Individual regulators and senior company executives who have embezzled money entrusted to them or illegally colluded with financial crocodiles must be severely punished," Li said.
Wang Yincheng, vice chairman of state-owned People's Insurance Group of China (1339.HK), was brought in for suspected corruption in February.
Earlier this year, the chief risk officer of Bank Of Communications Co Ltd (601328.SS) (3328.HK) was expelled from his post for serious discipline violations, and a former Communist Party boss at Bank of Jiangsu Co Ltd (600919.SS) was investigated for suspected corruption.
(Editing by Michael Perry and Christopher Cushing, Larry King)
April 28 Navios Maritime Holdings Inc
* Navios maritime holdings inc. Enters into exclusivity agreement for investment in first ship lease trust
* Navios maritime-executed exclusivity deal to buy 100% of fsl asset management and not less than 50.1% of first ship lease trust from existing shareholder
* Navios maritime holdings - parties agreed to negotiate exclusively with each other and will seek to execute definitive agreements by 30 september 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DU30 itinalaga si Gesmundo bilang SC Justice Bandera
ITINALAGA ni Pangulong Duterte si Sandiganbayan Associate Justice Alexander Gesmundo bilang bagong Associate Justice ng Korte Suprema.
Pinirmahan ni Duterte ang appointment ni Gesmundo ngayong araw.
Pinalitan ni Gesmundo ang nagretirong si retired associate justice Jose Mendoza, nagretiro noong Agosto 13.
Si Gesmundo ang ika-apat na associate justice na itinalaga ni Duterte sa Korte Suprema.
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
May 3 Adacel Technologies Ltd:
* Profit before tax for FY2017 is now anticipated to be in range of approximately $7.0-7.5 million
* Number of delayed contracts will impact fy2017 revenue from systems segment which will be approximately 35-40% below fy2016
* Co's services segment is forecast to continue its steady growth trajectory in FY2017, and is expected to grow around 10% over fy2016
* Intends to conduct an on-market share buyback during period from 17 May 2017 to 16 May 2018
* Co maintains its optimism in relation to total orders for fy2017 being above fy2016 for both systems and services segments
* Revised earnings outlook due to longer than anticipated contract administration processes on number of notified awards Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The boy who played a miniature Darth Vader in the most shared Super Bowl commercial of all time has since become a pediatric healthcare advocate, all while facing his own serious heart problems.
Max Page captured the attention of families around the country when he starred as a boy dressed up as the iconic Star Wars villain for a Volkswagen Super Bowl ad in 2011. It shows then 7-year-old Max desperately trying to summon “The Force” to move items around the family home. Max comes up disappointed until he walks up to his father's VW Passat parked in the driveway. After Max concentrates for a few moments, the vehicle suddenly turns on and he has a priceless reaction—all thanks to dad secretly giving him a helping hand.
“It was more than I could have ever imagined, especially at 7,” Max Page, now 13, tells PEOPLE. “I didn't even know what a Super Bowl commercial meant, I didn't understand the magnitude it would have. For it to become something of this caliber is just awesome.”
While the commercial tugged at the heartstrings of viewers for its ability to evoke nostalgia and childhood wonderment, many didn't know the young actor they were watching was going through his own heart issues.
Max was born with tetralogy of Fallot, a congenital heart condition that causes oxygen-poor blood to leave the heart and flow through the rest of the body. It is a rare condition that occurs in about five of every 10,000 babies, according to the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute.
Just a few months after the Super Bowl commercial aired, Max's pulmonary valve needed to be replaced with a porcine valve. He underwent the procedure again three years later (this time with a bovine's valve), and today, the valve has narrowed to the point it is limiting the amount of blood that can get to his lungs. This is causing Max to grow weak during activities.
“I don't feel terrible, I still feel good, but I'm slowly declining,” Max, of Orange County, California, says. “They can see stuff in tests that signals it's time.”
Max Page with his family in Washington D.C. Courtesy Jennifer Page
On February 5, the day after the New England Patriots play the Philadelphia Eagles in Minneapolis for Super Bowl LII, Max will undergo surgery at Children's Hospital Los Angeles Heart Institute to replace his pulmonary valve with an adult-sized human valve, or a manmade tissue valve. This type of valve can last up to two decades, the hospital says. Max underwent his first when he was just 3 months old, and this will be his thirteenth.
“I'm scared, I'm nervous, but just having all of that experience, I know how good I'm good to feel on the other side of the surgery,” he says. “I just keep looking forward to that, to the day I can do everything and feel great.”
Max—who has starred in other commercials and recently wrapped up a role in a horror movie—has become an advocate for Children's Hospital as he struggles with the heart issues he knows so well. He's even raised more than $31,000 to help children with heart problems through a CHLA donation page and recently advocated for the passing of the Children's Health Insurance Plan (CHIP), which POTUS reauthorized for another six years.
Max Page Courtesy Jennifer Page
“I try to raise as much money as possible because being on the inside,” adds Max. “I know how great CHLA is, and there are so many things the hospital could get that could take things to a new level and save a lot of kids like me.”
Max says he will be watching the Super Bowl as he prepares for his surgery the next day (he's rooting for Philly), and he's looking forward to watching the Winter Olympics and playing video games with friends during his two-month recovery process. While he is nervous about the rapidly approaching day, Max keeps a calm and collected attitude when talking about it—he knows this likely won't be the last surgery he'll ever face.
His mother, Jennifer Page, says she is proud of the difference Max has made for children facing heart conditions at Children's Hospital and beyond. She admits, though, it has been emotionally draining watching for her to watch her young son go through so many surgeries, but she is inspired by how he has faced these difficulties.
RELATED VIDEO: Mom Creates Special Baby Doll for Daughter with Rare Facial Birthmark: It ‘Looks Just Like Her'
“You get to the hospital, which you've been through the doors a thousand times, and it takes a 100 percent of your will to walk through the door because you just don't want to go,” she says. “As a mother, you're just willing all your love to him through the air because you can't be there with him. There is a lot of pain between now and then—we all know that—but our deal is, you can be down, you just can't stay there.”
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — The group that wants to build a world class soccer stadium in San Diego is moving fast. The plan is ready, the investors are lined up and starting Wednesday, you'll see people with petitions.
If the developers get enough signatures, it could either be approved by the city or they could pass it along to the voters.
The people of San Diego are no strangers to petition drives. The last one got plenty of support and made it on the ballot, but we know what happened after that. Voters said no and the Chargers packed their bags and headed to Los Angeles.
Starting Wednesday, another petition will be floating around, this time, for a new soccer stadium.
Every since the Chargers abandoned San Diego, momentum has been building for the next big idea. SoccerCity is apparently the first one in line. For one thing, this plan does not ask the taxpayers for money up front, like the Chargers plan did.
It does, however, contain a smoking land deal where the developer of SoccerCity would get Qualcomm land for pennies on the dollar.
With 160 acres of land, Qualcomm is the biggest parking lost west of the Mississippi, with lots of possibilities.
The NFL is still mumbling about another team in San Diego, but that's all it is.
April 20 Wharf Holdings Ltd
* Wharf, through controlling shareholder, is interested in 1.49 billion shares, represent approximately 73.8% of issued share capital of i-CABLE
* Connection with open offer, Wharf has provided certain undertakings in favour of i-CABLE & underwriter
* i-CABLE proposes to raise approximately hk$704 million, before expenses, by an open offer
* Wharf currently intends to effect initial distribution in specie as soon as practicable after latest time for termination Source (bit.ly/2oTSt7V) Further company coverage:
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“We've got to get our swagger back.”
That was the message from the Aston Villa board on the eve of this Championship season.
Note the word - 'swagger'.
Dictionary definition: Swagger (verb) walk or behave in a very confident and arrogant or self-important way.
Now Villa can talk the talk, but they've had some familiar troubles walking the walk in the first week of the season.
Anybody who witnessed Saturday's epic fail in Wales will tell you it was more stagger than swagger.
The directive from the top is getting lost in translation somewhere between the boardroom and the pitch, it seems.
“Rather than looking like a lean, young, fit, fast machine, ready to take the league by storm, we are slow, old and still way too cautious in our approach,” wrote occasional Birmingham Mail blogger and director the Aston Villa Supporters Trust, Howard Hodgson, at the weekend.
“I like attacking football. Always have. Happen to think it's the way out of this league and not trying to pick pocket 1-0 wins.”
Yes, Bruce's approach has been more swag than swagger so far this season.
Now, it is worth re-iterating the point that we are only two games into the new season (although we are eight months into Bruce's tenure P38 W16 D8 L14) and that the Championship campaign is more of a steeplechase than a sprint.
But unless Villa sort it out soon, they will see their rivals disappearing around the first bend while they are still checking their laces. On Saturday's evidence, they'd better untangle them first.
Reading away next, followed by Norwich City at home.
Bruce spoke in pre-season about the importance of a strong start, given that last season's botched beginning cost his predecessor Roberto Di Matteo his job and, ultimately, cost Villa any serious chance of a crack at promotion.
If they are to avoid playing catch-up this season, then Bruce must somehow come up with the answers to a highly-concerning catch 22 situations.
Villa need to find that swagger, the confidence and belief to take games to opponents, but the longer they continue on a downward spiral the more the manager will revert to a cautious default setting.
During his post match press duties at Cardiff he appeared to be reading from the same script as last season - it must be tucked away in the glove compartment of the spluttering team bus for these away shockers - but his voice was less defiant than previously.
He knows the consequences of failing to catapult Villa into the top six sooner rather than later. The ultimate burden falls upon his shoulders.
Of course, the players must take responsibility themselves too. They should back themselves to beat anybody at this level, but the buck stops with Bruce when it comes to organising them into an effective unit.
Having made 12 signings since January, Bruce has his own team now. Add in the players he inherited, including those he has chosen to persist with, and he essentially has two teams that would be the envy of most of his second tier rivals.
The mentality issues at Bodymoor Heath and Villa Park (flakier than an icecream van full of 99s) were supposed to have been solved by the recruitment of real men - John Terry, Glenn Whelan, Chris Samba and so on.
But, and I know we are only 180 minutes in, Villa's habits appeared to be rubbing off on JT and Co rather than vice versa at the weekend.
It does seem a bit crazy that we are having this kind of debates in mid-August, but this situation has been a long time in the making.
Whatever Villa's current custodians do will be judged against a backdrop of failure dragging on for years and years. And they will be judged by a fanbase whose patience has been worn thin by drawn out demise.
It comes back to that word - swagger.
The Villa Park faithful often gets accused of being arrogant for expecting their club to be back at the level they have spent most of their modern day history, only to be letting down by slipping standards.
Villa have by far and away the most expensive squad in the Championship, and off-the-field they have not been backward in coming forward in terms of outlining their ambitions and backing themselves to cope with the pressure of being favourites.
On the field it has been a different story.
Let's not forget Villa had a strong first half against Hull City and could and should have taken a bigger lead into the interval. But rather than having the courage of their convictions to continue to push on and win the game, they faded and gave the visitors a way back into the game.
At Cardiff, they competed well initially, only to collapse pathetically when adversity came their way.
Strangely, enough their slow, ponderous, predictable approach play was unable to knock fired up Cardiff out of their stride.
As well as mentioning the word ‘swagger' chief executive Keith Wyness very candidly admitted Villa need to score between 70 and 80 goals this season if they are to make it into the top two.
Such an attacking philosophy with such an embarrassment of riches would seem a shrewder tactic than trying to get 46 1-0 wins.
There has been a process of elimination in B6 since the 2010 decline kicked in.
Aston Villa have changed managers, players, backroom staff, non football staff, directors, even the owner.
They have tried young and hungry, old and experienced, prudent, lavish, homegrown, exotic - and a mixture of all of the above.
Come to think of it, over the last seven years there has been experimentation than a loose-moralled liberal in a lab coat.
But how often have they tried - really tried - positive, attacking, fast, front-foot football, with a system, a style of playing, a plan?
This club has been so intrinsically programmed to damage limitation in recent years, that it somehow seems too scared of itself to inflict damage on opposing teams.
Bruce and those around him need to realise that not winning is the new losing.
Have a go. For goodness sake, have a go!
If Villa had lost a three-goal match at Cardiff 2-1 because they just hadn't got the rub of the green and the opposition goalkeeper was man of the match then the 5,000 away fans singing their hearts out and spending their wallets out would accept that.
Listen to our latest podcast
But when it's a 3-0 drubbing, Villa's goalkeeper who is the man of the match and the Lions are barely laying a glove on their rivals, repeatedly, every other fortnight, then it really does make a mockery of all those bold ‘we're going to do this, we're going to do that' statements.
For the record, I don't think Steve Bruce's position should be under any threat yet. I think that this microwaveable meal mentality of chopping and changing managers all the time is dangerous to Villa's stability and reputation.
But neither am I convinced that he knows his best team, best style or best way of getting Villa to live up to their billing as title contenders yet.
Talking about Bruce earlier this month, Wyness said: “He told me that he hardly sleeps during the season because of his fear of losing.”
Aston Villa need a manager capable of restoring their swagger - and if that man is to be Bruce then he and his team must waste no more time lying awake worrying about losing.
They must sleep soundly dreaming about their formula for winning - and then wake up and deliver it.
Peta Murgatroyd is back in the Dancing with the Stars ballroom just months after welcoming son Shai with fiancé Maksim Chmerkovskiy in January — and she's blogging about her experience exclusively for PEOPLE. Follow Murgatroyd, 30, and her partner, The Bachelor star Nick Viall, 37, on Twitter!
So, last week defied even my high expectations. I had been hoping for us to get at least three 7s and an 8 from the judges and we ended up with two 8s!
I am so proud of how Nick is progressing. I think he had a lot of fun getting into character for the routine last week and really embraced his Bachelor journey. It was also great having Vanessa be a part of the routine. I think it was the perfect ending.
Saying goodbye to Mr. T was hard, especially on Most Memorable Year week. That week is always so emotional and it's difficult to send someone off right after they bare their soul in the ballroom. Mr. T is such a kind, funny, energetic man. He is going to be missed.
But what a better way to follow up MMY week than with Disney week?! I love Disney week because it's all about fun and everyone is in a good mood. I think even the judges are a little more lenient than usual because the night just has this incredible energy.
Nick and I are doing a Pinocchio-themed dance and Nick is fully embracing the entire story. I think it makes it a little easier for him to play a character than to just go out there and dance. He's been so great about committing to the costume and the character and the dance.
RELATED VIDEO: Dancing with the Stars Exclusive: Maksim Chmerkovskiy Updates Heather Morris on His Injury
I think Pinocchio is a great character for Nick because, in the past, he's gotten some comments about being a little stiff. This week, that natural stiffness is going to work in our favor as part of the character!
I'm so excited to see everyone else's routines! I know Maks was hoping to be back on the dance floor this week, but I don't think that's going to be happening. At home, he's dancing around a little and is able to put more and more weight on his leg but he's not fully back to where he was before his injury. I'm really hoping — and I know he's hoping — to be back fully next week!
But for now, I'm focusing on tonight's routine. I think that Nick is feeling more confident after last week's performance and I'm hoping we can continue our trend of getting better and better scores!
Khloé Kardashian's ‘KHLO-C-D' not only keeps her home neat and tidy, but it also benefits her waistline.
“I'm serious about my organization in the kitchen. It's been SO key to my body's transformation to be organized when it comes to food,” the pregnant reality star writes in a new post on her app where she details her 5 “golden rules” to “live by” when it comes to meal prepping.
Though Kardashian has relaxed the rules as she's only weeks away from welcoming her first child—a girl—with boyfriend Tristan Thompson, her ideas serve as serious motivation if you're looking to get your kitchen in check.
Kardashian recommends keeping only healthy foods at eye-level in the refrigerator and pantry. “Any carby snacks or cheat-day foods are hidden far, far away from my hungry-a–!” she writes.
She makes sure to stay stocked up on raw veggies, Justin's Almond Butter, chicken breasts, avocados and eggs, and always has has water stashed around the house. “In your bedside table, your car, purse, gym bag … next to the toilet, lol! NEVER be without H2O,” she says. “This not only keeps you mega hydrated but will make you feel full throughout the day.”
Khloe Kardashian/Instagram
Like most meal-preppers, Kardashian also stresses how important it is to get organized on Sundays.
“Forget church. Your altar is your cutting board (joking, of course): chop, store, chop some more, wash, repeat,” she writes. “Get all your containers for the week packed and soup made. Whatever you have to do to keep your belly constantly full of good-for-you food!”
Want the ultimate dish on the latest celebrity food news, plus exclusive recipes, videos and more? Click here to subscribe to the People Food newsletter.
When the expectant Good American designer entered her third trimester, she revealed that she let up on her healthy diet and started indulging her cravings for things like spaghetti.
“I've been eating like a beast and I don't like it, LOL,” she wrote in a post earlier this month. “In my second trimester, I was giving in to my cravings in moderation—but now in my third, I just don't have the self-control I used to have. Like it seriously all went out the window in my eighth month!”
April 13 Hanwha ACPC Special Purpose Acquisition Co Ltd :
* Says it will issue 30.8 million shares to merge with Didim, a korea food company
* Merger ratio is 1 : 341.6670000 between the company and Didim
* the company will survive and Didim will be dissolved after merger
* Merger effective date is Aug. 21
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/eY2GBw
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Adds analyst comment; background of new storage bases)
BEIJING, April 28 China added 9.34 million barrels of crude oil to Strategic Petroleum Reserves (SPR), worth just over one day's imports, during the first half of 2016, government data showed on Friday, cementing an analyst view that a few tankages were ready for fill during the period.
Since 2015, China's record amount of crude oil imports have been driven more by flows into the country's independent refineries rather than government stockpiling.
China boosted its SPR across nine bases by adding 1.28 million tonnes of crude oil in the first half of 2016, the Commerce Ministry said on Friday, in their first update in eight months on one of the world's largest oil reserves.
By mid-2016, the government had 33.25 million tonnes of crude oil, equivalent to 243 million barrels, up from 31.97 million tonnes at the start of 2016. That equates to an average fill rate of 52,000 barrels per day.
The government's last update was in September last year.
Seng-Yick Tee, analyst with consultancy SIA Energy, said 9.34 million barrels of crude oil or 102,000 barrels per day (bpd) were mostly added over a period of three months instead of six.
Based on data provided from China's National Bureau of Statistics, the country had marked 43 million barrels during the second half of 2015, suggesting a fill rate of around 240,000 bpd.
"Today's announcements confirm our earlier view that the government's previous update was referring to stockbuild by March 2016 rather than the beginning of the year," said Tee, adding there were a few new tankage space available during the period.
However, the pace of stockpiling quickened in the second half of 2016 as national oil firms started pumping fuel into two main new bases -- Tianjin in the north and Zhoushan on the east coast, Tee explained.
SIA Energy estimates the government's stockpile reached around 5.6 million tonnes, or 222,000 bpd, during the second half of 2016, before it drops to 138,000 bpd for this year due to lack of new storage space.
Reuters has reported that China completed construction of 19 million barrels of new strategic reserve tanks in Zhoushan in August after several delays, and the construction of a large government reserve site in southern Guangdong is taking longer than expected.
(1 tonne = 7.3 barrels for crude oil) (Reporting by Josephine Mason and Chen Aizhu; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier and Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
April 28 Rooster Energy Ltd-
* Rooster Energy Ltd announces executive officer changes
* Rooster Energy Ltd - Kenneth F. Tamplain, current senior vice president and general counsel, has been appointed interim ceo and president, effective immediately
* Rooster Energy Ltd - Leroy F. Guidry, jr., a director, has been appointed interim chief financial officer effective May 1, 2017
* Rooster Energy- appointments follow departure of Robert Murphy from his roles as ceo, president and resignation of Gary L. Nuschler, jr. As cfo
* Rooster Energy Ltd - Murphy continues to serve as a director of company and nuschler has agreed to assist during transition Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SEOUL, Dec 11 (Reuters) - The following are foreign investors' holdings in local bonds and stocks for November, released by South Korea's Financial Supervisory Service on Monday (in trillion won): November October Bonds *99.6 101.2 Stocks *634.9 651.2 *Foreign investors net purchased 1.86 trillion won of local stocks in November and offloaded a net 1.56 trillion won of local bonds. *NOTE: Foreign investors' holdings in stocks declined in November even as they increased net purchases, as the value of shares held by offshore investors dropped, the FSS said in a statement. (Reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
CAIRO, March 29 Egypt will not ban the private sector from importing wheat while it buys up the local harvest, the supply ministry said on Wednesday, appearing to backtrack on what its minister said earlier this week.
Instead of a blanket ban on private sector imports during the local procurement season, the ministry will instead closely monitor the movement of grain, a ministry spokesman said.
"The wheat will be carefully tracked from the ports but it is not a ban," he said.
Egypt has been tightening up on its policing of the wheat market in an effort to prevent fraud.
More than 2 million of Egypt's 5 million tonnes of wheat bought by the government last year may have existed only on paper, according to grain industry experts and lawmakers who investigated the matter.
Egypt said earlier this week that state grain buyer, the General Authority for Supply Commodities (GASC), would continue to import wheat from abroad during its local buying season, set to run from April 15 to July 15, in an effort to increase its strategic reserves.
But Supply Minister Ali Moselhy said that private sector imports would be banned during this period, leading confused traders to question how such a ban could be implemented and vexing private millers who wondered how they would get grain.
Moselhy has said that Egypt expects to buy about 4.5 million tonnes of wheat from local farmers this year.
In previous years GASC has typically slowed or stopped completely the tendering of foreign supplies during the local buying season.
GASC however has been making larger than usual purchases from foreign grain suppliers in recent months amid high demand for state-subsidised bread.
Its season total of 5.6 million tonnes of contracted wheat for 2016-17 is nearly 25 percent up on the previous year. (Reporting by Maha El Dahan; Writing by Eric Knecht; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Cameras sprout more lenses
The big idea: Phone snaps could soon compete in quality with big-honking-lens cameras. How? By covering the back of the phone with a bunch of small lenses that shoot simultaneously — and then stitch it into one big photo.
We've already seen a version of this in Apple and Samsung phones with two lenses on the back. The second helps with zoom shots and measuring depth to create photos with artistically blurry backgrounds. The P21 Pro flagship from Huawei is the first to include three lenses: one colour, one monochrome (to help with depth and lowlight situations), and one 3x zoom.
A camera maker called Light has taken this idea furthest. It showed me concept and working prototype phones with between five and nine lenses — yes, nine — on the back. It says its phone design is capable of capturing 64 megapixel shots, better low-light performance and sophisticated depth effects.
When will I get it: Light, which counts giant phone manufacturer Foxconn as an investor, says a smartphone featuring its multi-lens array will be announced later this year.
Screens fold up
The big idea: We once had flip phones. Now here come the flip tablets. At a display industry conference in May, the buzz was about prototypes of screens that were flexible enough to roll and flap in the wind. One firm, called BOE, showed a gadget it dubbed a "phoneblet" with a 7.5-inch screen that folded, without seams, into a phone and back again . . . without breaking. Fans of the HBO show "Westworld" might have seen the sci-fi equivalent in the folding tablets characters use to control killer robots.
It's been coming for at least a decade. Samsung showed a wowee folding phone concept video at CES in 2013. The first bendable screens went into curved TVs and phones that round at the edges. We've now crossed a threshold where we can make screens that bend repeatedly — and soon we'll be able to fold screens as sharply as a piece of paper, said Helge Seetzen, the president of the Society for Information Display.
How does that work? BOE says it got rid of the traditional colour filter and backlight, and replaced rigid glass with plastic. Bending doesn't break the pixels because each one is so tiny; it's like how a single human can walk seemingly flat on the earth even though it curves.
When will I get it: We'll see foldable devices in the next year, though the first ones may have seams. Some analysts think Samsung's folding phone (nicknamed the "Galaxy X") will start production in November, and will cost $1,850 when it debuts in 2019. Seetzen says screens that fold like paper are five years away.
Batteries charge over thin air
The big idea: Battery life is the biggest problem with today's phones. Now imagine if you rarely had to think about your battery because your phone was constantly charging itself. This is going to sound a little crazy, but researchers have figured out ways to beam low levels of power through the air. Firms such as Energous and Ossia send power using radio frequencies, while rival Wi-Charge uses infrared light that's closer to lasers.
I've seen functional prototypes of both technologies. For these over-air charging systems to work, of course, you have to be in a room outfitted with transmitters. Energous says those might first get embedded into other gadgets, such as computers and speakers, so they could charge gadgets nearby. Wi-Charge says it is looking to go into light fixtures.
Wait, will any of this fry us? The makers of the tech say no, because they're using such low levels of power. It's true we're already surrounded by energy from radio waves and the sun. Energous says it doesn't expose bodies to more radiation than cellphones, and WiPower automatically cuts out if anything gets between its transmitter and receiver.
.
When will I get it: Energous says hearing aids supporting a first version of its tech (which requires closer contact) are coming in a matter of weeks. It says devices that charge over medium and larger distances are more likely by 2019 or 2020. Wi-Charge says it hopes to sign up gadget makers as soon as next spring.
Glasses so you don't have to look at your phone
The big idea: Glasses are the "what comes next" that the tech industry is counting on, because they would let us remain online without looking down at screens. Startup Magic Leap raised more than $2.3 billion to make a "lightweight, wearable computer" that looks like a pair of welding glasses. Apple has also applied for patents for glasses tech, and CEO Tim Cook frequently talks up the potential of augmented reality, the technology that merges computer images with the real world. (A form of AR tech is what powered the Pokémon Go craze.)
Early AR glasses are already coming out. I tried one from a startup called DreamWorld that offers a 90 degree field of view and responded to my hand gestures. It weighs only about half a pound, because it plugs into a phone that does the processing and holds the battery. Smart glasses are likely to require nearby phones until the parts shrink enough to let them replace phones entirely.
When will I get it: DreamWorlds' DreamGlass is available now for $400. More consumer-friendly glasses that don't require wires or heavy gear are at least 5 years out. Magic Leap has promised to ship a developer-focused version of its Magic Leap One at some point this year.
(Corrects company name in sixth paragraph to Geojit Financial Services from Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services; corrects analyst's designation to chief investment strategist from chief market strategist)
* NSE index flat, BSE indexes down 0.1 pct
* Axis Bank falls on lower Q4 profit
By Darshana Sankararaman
April 27 Indian shares were little changed on Thursday after hitting record highs the previous day as investors took a breather and booked profits in recent outperformers such as ITC Ltd, while Axis Bank fell on a drop in quarterly profit.
Asian shares also eased as a long-awaited U.S. tax cut plan unveiled by Donald Trump on Wednesday failed to inspire investors.
Indian investors were also braced for volatility as monthly derivative contracts are due to expire at the end of the session.
Still, broader sentiment remained positive, given hopes for improving corporate profits and accelerating economic growth in India.
The broader NSE index hit an all-time high for the second straight session on Wednesday, when the benchmark BSE index too touched a record high, surpassing its previous record set in March 2015.
"After a big run-up in the market and after reaching record highs, there is always a tendency for some profit booking," said V.K. Vijayakumar, chief investment strategist at Geojit Financial Services.
The NSE index was up 0.02 percent at 9,354.15 by 0606 GMT, having hit a record high of 9,367 in the previous session.
The BSE index was down 0.09 percent at 30,106.33, having gained 0.6 percent on Wednesday to hit an all-time high of 30,167.09.
Shares of ITC fell as much as 1.8 percent after a three-day winning streak and was among the biggest losers on the NSE index.
Financial stocks also fell, led by the country's third-biggest private sector lender by assets, Axis Bank Ltd .
Axis Bank fell as much as 2.7 percent after reporting a 43 percent drop in fourth-quarter profit on Wednesday. (Reporting By Darshana Sankararaman in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Ten years ago, Amazon introduced the Kindle and established the appeal of reading on a digital device. Four years ago, Jeff Bezos and company rolled out the Echo, prompting millions of people to start talking to a computer.
Now Amazon.com Inc. is working on another big bet: robots for the home.
RELATED: Whitney Port, Mandy Moore, Gwyneth Paltrow and More Celebs with Hyper-Organized Homes
The retail and cloud computing giant has embarked on an ambitious, top-secret plan to build a domestic robot, according to people familiar with the plans.
Codenamed “Vesta,” after the Roman goddess of the hearth, home and family, the project is overseen by Gregg Zehr, who runs Amazon's Lab126 hardware research and development division based in Sunnyvale, California. Lab126 is responsible for Amazon devices such as the Echo speakers, Fire TV set-top-boxes, Fire tablets and the ill-fated Fire Phone.
The Vesta project originated a few years ago, but this year Amazon began to aggressively ramp up hiring. There are dozens of listings on the Lab 126 Jobs page for openings like “Software Engineer, Robotics” and “Principle Sensors Engineer.” People briefed on the plan say the company hopes to begin seeding the robots in employees' homes by the end of this year, and potentially with consumers as early as 2019, though the timeline could change, and Amazon hardware projects are sometimes killed during gestation.
An Amazon spokesperson said the company doesn't comment on “rumors and speculation.”
It's unclear what tasks an Amazon robot might perform. People familiar with the project speculate that the Vesta robot could be a sort of mobile Alexa, accompanying customers in parts of their home where they don't have Echo devices. Prototypes of the robots have advanced cameras and computer vision software and can navigate through homes like a self-driving car. Former Apple executive Max Paley is leading the work on computer vision. Amazon has also hired specialized mechanical engineers from the robotics industry.
The project is different than the robots designed by Amazon Robotics, a company subsidiary, in Massachusetts and Germany, people familiar with the project say. Amazon Robotics deploys robots in Amazon warehouses to move around goods and originated as a company called Kiva Systems, which Amazon acquired in 2012 for $775 million.
The promise of domestic robots that offer companionship or perform basic chores has tantalized the technology industry for decades. Nolan Bushnell, the founder of Atari, introduced the three-foot-tall, snowman-shaped Topo Robot back in 1983. Though it could be programmed to move around by an Apple II computer, it did little else and sold poorly. Subsequent attempts to produce useful robotic servants in the U.S., Japan and China over the years have performed only marginally better. iRobot Corp.'s Roomba, which only does one thing — vacuum — is the standout in the field and has sold more than 20 million units since 2002.
More recently, Sony Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. have shown interest in the category. In January at CES, LG showed off a robot called Cloi in a demonstration that failed multiple times. Sony demonstrated a new version of a robotic dog called Aibo, which it sold a version of until the mid-2000s after first unveiling the concept about 20 years ago. It doesn't do much other than bark (although Aibo has been programmed to play soccer). The canine bot also costs $1,800, or about the same price as a real dog from a breeder.
Advances in computer vision technology, cameras, artificial intelligence and voice activation help make it feasible for Amazon to bring its robot to the marketplace. The retail giant has shown itself willing to partially subsidize the costs of its devices for Prime subscribers who buy more products and subscribe to services through its gadgets. That could also make such a product more affordable for mainstream consumers in the future.
RELATED: See Every Piece in Target's New Home Decor Line, Opalhouse, Out Now!
The consumer robot market will be worth about $15 billion a year by 2023, according to an estimate from Research and Markets, which would be up from about $5.4 billion this year.
Give-A-Damn Jones, by Bill Pronzini. Give-a-Damn Jones hates his nickname almost as much as the rumors about him. He's a kind soul who keeps finding himself in the wrong place at the wrong time. That's what happened in Box Elder. Jones walks into the middle of it all, and this time, he may be the hero that this town needs.
Flying at Night, by Rebecca L. Brown. Piper Hart has always told herself her son is perfectly normal, but her whole world is levelled when her son is diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder. When Piper's father Lance wakes up from a coma with a traumatic brain injury, Piper must decide what will become of her once-proud tyrant of a father. Piper chooses to bring him home, where both Fred and Lance, misunderstood by the world around them, begin to connect.
The Other Lady Vanishes, by Amanda Quick. After escaping from a private sanitarium, Adelaide Blake arrives in Burning Cove, California, desperate to start over. When a medium becomes a victim of her own dire prediction and is killed, she'll be drawn into a murky world of duplicity and misdirection.
Welcome to Moonlight Harbor, by Sheila Roberts. Once happily married, Jenna Jones is about to turn forty, and this year for her birthday — lucky her — she's getting a divorce. Her Aunt Edie wants her help in turning around the ramshackle Driftwood Inn, but will her plan work? Maybe this storm will bring a rainbow.
Non-fiction
My Patients and Other Animals, by Suzy Fincham-Gray. A veterinarian sheds light on the universal experience of loving, healing, and losing our beloved pets and the many ways in which they change our lives.
This is Me, by Chrissy Metz. Part memoir and part collection of essays, Metz — the star of television's "This Is Us" — gives readers a look inside her setbacks and successes while still remaining her authentic self.
The Electric Woman, by Tessa Fontaine. The story of a woman who literally ran away with the circus, this memoir follows Fontaine through caring for her ill mother and into her life in one of America's last traveling sideshows as an escape artist and snake charmer.
Atlas of a Lost World: Travels in Ice Age America, by Craig Childs. This travelogue through prehistory traces the arrival of humans in North America, the tools they left behind in their travels, and the megafauna they encountered as the glaciers retreated.
Buttermilk Graffiti, by Edward Lee. As both a chef and a Korean immigrant, Lee examines the modern food landscape of America and how immigrants have brought their own culinary background to create new melting-pot fare.
Losing the Nobel Prize, by Brian Keating. Keating, a scientist who first conceived of background imaging experiments, details the scientific drama that ensued in 2014 when astronomers believed themselves to have found the spark that ignited the Big Bang.
Failing Up, by Leslie Odom Jr. The originator of the role of Aaron Bur in Broadway's Hamilton musical, Odom Jr. details personal stories in order to inspire and motivate readers.
Great American Outpost: Dreamers, Mavericks, and the Making of an Oil Frontier, by Maya Rao. A journalist is embedded in North Dakota, America's modern day frontier where unprecedented growth due to oil has had outsiders flocking to get a piece of the wealth.
Mary Berry Everyday, by Mary Berry. In this cookbook Mary Berry, the beloved personality of British baking competitions, provides recipes for recipe classics, international flavours and, of course, tasty sweets.
On Leopard Rock, by Wilbur Smith. In this first memoir from the bestselling fiction author, Smith details his rich and eventful life so far.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Magnegas Corp:
* MAGNEGAS REGAINS COMPLIANCE WITH NASDAQ MINIMUM BID PRICE REQUIREMENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
GENEVA (Reuters) - The Syrian government's delegation returned to Geneva on Sunday for the resumption of talks with United Nations mediator Staffan de Mistura after more than a week's absence, but Western diplomats voiced scepticism about its willingness to engage.
FILE PHOTO - United Nations Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura (2R) sits opposite to Syria's U.N. ambassador and chief negotiator Bashar al-Ja'afari during a meeting of the Intra Syria talks in Geneva, Switzerland December 1, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
Bashar al-Ja‘afari, Syria's ambassador to the U.N. and chief negotiator in talks aimed at finding a political solution to end the nearly seven-year-old war, landed in a snowstorm on a flight from Beirut, a Reuters reporter on board said. Ja‘afari declined to comment.
De Mistura convened an eighth round of separate talks with the government and unified opposition delegations on Nov. 28, focussing on constitutional reform as well as elections.
But Ja‘afari arrived a day late and left after two days, saying the opposition had “mined the road” to the talks by insisting that President Bashar al-Assad could not play any interim role in Syria's political transition.
De Mistura told reporters last Thursday that he would assess this week whether either side is trying to “sabotage” the process.
“The opposition has been extremely constructive and willing to get down to it,” a senior Western diplomat said. “They are in a difficult place while being criticised internally and pressured by the fact that the regime is bombing away in eastern Ghouta and other places.”
The diplomat told Reuters that the government's failure to return as scheduled on Dec. 5 had been “a clear sign of not being interested in engaging in the political process”.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has suggested holding a Syrian congress in the Russian city of Sochi early in 2018. Diplomats see his plan as a bid to draw a line under the war and celebrate Moscow's role as the power that tipped the balance of the war and became the key player in the peace process.
April 5 Gold prices held firm on Wednesday near one-month highs hit the day before, with appetite for risk easing ahead of a meeting this week between the leaders of the United States and China. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,256 per ounce by 0056 GMT. U.S. gold futures were also mostly flat at $1,257.80. * Spot gold on Tuesday hit its highest since Feb. 27 at $1,261.15. * Investors were also waiting for minutes from the U.S. Federal Reserve's March meeting. * North Korea fired a ballistic missile on Wednesday from its east coast into the sea off the Peninsula, South Korea's military said, ahead of the summit between the United States and China. * When U.S. President Donald Trump meets Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday and Friday, the event will be marked not only by deep policy divisions but a clash of personalities between America's brash "tweeter-in-chief" and Beijing's cautious, calculating leader. * The U.S. trade deficit fell from a near two-year high in February as slowing domestic demand weighed on imports and stronger global growth boosted exports of American goods. * Trump vowed on Tuesday to cut red tape to speed up approval of infrastructure projects and said his overhaul could top $1 trillion on roads, tunnels and bridges, one of his 2016 election campaign promises. * Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeffrey Lacker abruptly left the U.S. central bank on Tuesday after admitting that a conversation he had with a Wall Street analyst in 2012 may have disclosed confidential information about Fed policy options. * Investors raised their bearish bets on longer-dated U.S. Treasuries as a rally in the bond market pushed benchmark yields to their lowest since February, J.P. Morgan's latest Treasury client survey showed on Tuesday. * Turkish gold imports rose 17-fold to 28.2 tonnes in March, as Turks looking to hedge currency risk ahead of a referendum in two weeks time followed President Tayyip Erdoğan's calls to buy gold instead of dollars. . * Turkey is taking steps to give its central bank the right of first refusal on domestically produced gold, two sources said, allowing it to boost reserves of the precious metal without depleting foreign currency holdings. * The European Commission believes a deal on the Greek bailout is possible in the coming weeks, the economics commissioner told EU lawmakers on Tuesday, adding that a failure to reach an agreement quickly could pose risks. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 0750 France Markit services PMI Mar 0755 Germany Markit services PMI Mar 0800 Euro zone Markit services PMI final Mar 1215 U.S. ADP national employment Mar 1400 U.S. ISM non-manufacturing PMI Mar 1800 Minutes of Federal Reserve meeting on March 14-15 (Reporting By Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru)
Lisa Lillien is the author of the popular Hungry Girl website and email newsletter, featuring smart, funny advice on guilt-free eating. She is also the author of eleven books, six of which debuted at number one on the New York Times Best Sellers list. Read her blog every Monday for slimmed-down celebrity recipes and more.
There's no denying it — the Big Mac is a classic. However, with many of us staying away from excess calories and starchy carbs these days, a burger with an extra bun half in the middle feels pretty archaic. That's probably one of the main reasons McDonald's released the Mac Jr. — a limited-time, downsized version of the original. Unfortunately, the smaller burger will still cost you 460 calories and 27g of fat!
I knew I could make this one over and save loads of calories in the process, and that's exactly what I did. Bonus: Mine's vegetarian friendly!
WATCH THIS: We Tried It: A Burger Cleanse
RELATED: Hungry Girl: How to Make a Healthy In-N-Out Burger at Home
Hungry Mac ‘Bella Jr.
Sauce
1 tbsp. light Thousand Island dressing
1 tsp. finely minced onion
⅛ tsp. granulated white sugar
⅛ tsp. white wine vinegar
Sandwich
1 portabella mushroom cap (stem removed)
One 100-calorie flat sandwich bun
1 slice reduced-fat cheddar cheese
3 hamburger dill pickle chips
1 tbsp. diced onion
¼ cup shredded lettuce
RELATED: Hungry Girl: Roasted Veggies You'll Want to Add to Every Meal
1. In a small bowl, thoroughly mix sauce ingredients.
2. Bring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium-high heat. Place mushroom cap in the skillet, rounded side down. Cover and cook until soft, about 4 minutes per side. Blot away excess moisture.
3. Spread half of the sauce on the bottom bun. Top with mushroom cap, cheese, pickles, onion, and lettuce.
4. Spread remaining sauce on the top bun, and place it on the sandwich, sauce side down.
Serves: 1
Prep: 5 minutes
Cook: 10 minutes
Nutritional information: 234 calories, 7g total fat (2.5g sat fat), 627mg sodium, 33g carbs, 7.5g fiber, 8.5g sugars, 14g protein
‘Til next time… Chew the right thing!
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
They came from Survivor, Jersey Shore, Big Brother, Amazing Race and Naked and Afraid: more than 100 reality stars who descended on Orlando for Hearts of Reality, an annual fundraiser for Give Kids the World, a children's charity that grants wishes to children with life-threatening illnesses.
PEOPLE was part of the 3-day event — and sponsored the opening night VIP party in which the reality show alums walked the red carpet and mingled with fans. (They even posed for pictures with snakes and alligators that were brought to the party by Gatorland. which only makes sense if you remember that many of these people became famous for surviving on tropical islands.)
The point of the PEOPLE party was to introduce the stars to each other — there's something surreal about watching Jersey Shore alum Deena Cortese mingle with Big Brother houseguests — and to allow VIP charity donors to meet the stars.
The reality stars also received their PEOPLE swag bags filled with sunglasses, Godiva chocolates, sunblock and souvenirs — everything they'd need for an August event in Florida. Spero Hope LLC, a company founded by cancer survivor Jamie Lee, donated chemical-free hygiene products.
At last count, the event has raised more than $160,000 for the charity — although more money is still coming in.
“As a huge fan myself, it was amazing to find out how real and genuine so many of the people I watched on television are,” Survivor Millenials vs. Gen X winner Adam Klein tells PEOPLE. “I love that we were able to come together in honor of bringing joy to some really special kids.”
“It was an honor working with Hearts of Reality for the first time and realizing that the money we raised was going to a non profit founded by a holocaust survivor,” added Natalie Negrotti from Big Brother 18. “It really taught me that no matter what happens in life to always give back especially to children who are in need. Putting a smile on a kids life is worth more than money can buy.”
April 3 Heidrick & Struggles International Inc :
* Heidrick & Struggles announces CEO Tracy Wolstencroft to take medical leave of absence
* Executive Vice President Krishnan Rajagopalan appointed acting CEO
* Wolstencroft will take three-month leave of absence for treatment of benign lung condition Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
GAZA CITY - Two Palestinians wounded in clashes with Israel were pronounced dead Monday, a Gaza official said, bringing the toll from Israeli fire since March 30 to 40.
A spokesman for the Hamas-controlled territory's health ministry named the latest fatalities as Tahrir Wahada, 18, and Abdullah Shamali, 20.
Wahada was shot in the head in a clash east of Khan Yunis on April 6, and Shamali died of "bullet wounds to his belly" sustained on Friday, according to the spokesman Ashraf al-Qudra.
Most of the 40 Palestinians killed by Israel since the start of "March of Return" protests on March 30 were shot by snipers on the border, while a few others were killed by Israeli artillery or air strikes.
Tens of thousands of Palestinians in the coastal enclave, wedged between Israel, Egypt and the Mediterranean, have gathered at the border on consecutive Fridays to call for Palestinian refugees to be allowed to return to their former homes now inside Israel.
Some protestors have launched stones or burning tires at Israeli soldiers.
Israeli forces have responded with live ammunition, wounding hundreds in addition to those killed.
The Israeli army says its fores only open fire in self-defence or to stop protestors attempting to breach the barrier separating the territory from Israel.
More than 440 demonstrators suffered bullet wounds or gas inhalation on Friday, rescuers said.
Israel has drawn harsh criticism from rights groups along with calls for investigations by the United Nations or the European Union.
Israel has for more than a decade imposed a crippling blockade on Gaza, fighting three wars with Islamist movement Hamas since 2008.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
AURORA | A candidate for Aurora City Council is a registered sex offender and has a lengthy criminal record, but no felony convictions — a disqualification in being eligible to run for an Aurora council seat.
Abel Laeke pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity in 2004 for indecent exposure, a misdemeanor, and sexual contact without consent, a felony, according to court documents. The case landed the at-large candidate on the Colorado sex offender registry, which marks him as having a felony conviction. It's also one of the top Google search results for ‘Abel Laeke.'
Aurora City Council at-large candidate Abel Laeke's profile photo from the Colorado state sex offender registery Aurora City Council candidate Abel Laeke. Photo by Philip Poston/ Aurora Sentinel
Laeke declined to comment for this story. His campaign website mentions a memoir, but no details about his criminal record.
But as Aurora City Attorney Mike Hyman points out, Laeke's plea, which was accepted, is not a conviction, and so he is in the clear in running for one of two open at-large seats on city council.
Prior to that case, which took place in Denver, Laeke had three other notable run-ins with the law, but none that resulted in a felony conviction, according to state and Denver court records.
In 1996, the Arapahoe County Sheriff's office arrested Laeke on a felony burglary charge, according to the Colorado Bureau of Investigation. It's unclear if he was convicted, according to CBI records. Sheriff officials said he was booked into their jail for another jurisdiction, but they had no details of the charges. Four years later he was arrested and charged with DUI, which was reduced to a driving while ability impaired or DWAI. He was fined, sentenced to one year of probation and 24 hours of community service.
Laeke also has a felony trespassing charge from 2002 on his record. In that case, police were called to a family disturbance at a residence in Greenwood Village.
Laeke, the suspect, was issued a municipal summons for assault and damaging property. Upon taking Laeke's key to the residence, which belonged to a family member, he was instructed not to return, or else he'd be charged with felony trespassing, according to an arrest affidavit.
Hours later the officer was dispatched back to the residence, where Laeke answered the door and, when asked, had no explanation of why he was in in the residence, according to the affidavit. He was charged with felony trespassing, but that case, according to court documents, was eventually dismissed.
Details on the felony burglary charge was not immediately available from the Arapahoe County Sheriff's Department records unit.
Laeke, who since the 2004 sexual assault allegation, hasn't had another arrest, declined to offer details about his criminal record.
In 2014, he published a memoir titled, “No Pressure, No Diamonds” in which he explains, “I was lured by the bad behavior of those I considered friends, alarming my family and derailing my life. Add the trauma of the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, and my life hurtled toward the dark halls of a psychiatric institution. Like a phoenix, I was able to reclaim my life and turn my hard-won lessons into a passion for service to humanity.”
Laeke's past also came into question when after he was released from Colorado State Mental Hospital in Pueblo, and ran for Pueblo City Council in 2015. Pueblo City Attorney Dan Kogovsek said, like Aurora, its city charter bars anybody with a felony conviction from running for office.
After reviewing documents provided by the ACLU, which represented Laeke during the sexual assault case, Kogovsek said it was determined Laeke was eligible to run for office.
Hyman said the city was aware only of the sexual assault charge, as the city does not conduct background checks on candidates. Instead, the city relies on a candidate affidavit that asks candidates whether they have a felony conviction.
The city became aware of Laeke and his 2004 case when the candidate filed a pending lawsuit against the city of Aurora and the Colorado Bureau of Investigation earlier this year for requiring the not-guilty-by-reason-of-insanity plea to be part of the sex offender registry, according to Hyman.
Aurora Sentinel reporter Brandon Johansson contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON | Special counsel Robert Mueller's team of investigators has recently spoken with a former British spy who compiled a dossier of allegations about President Donald Trump's ties to Russia, according to a person familiar with the investigation.
The meeting with Christopher Steele took place in Europe in recent weeks, according to the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss an ongoing investigation.
The dossier, which contends that Russia amassed compromising personal and financial allegations about Trump, was turned over to the FBI last year. It was developed by Steele, a former British spy who was assigned to look into Trump's Russia ties by a private American firm.
The document of allegations, which circulated in Washington last fall before the presidential election, received public attention in January when it was revealed that then-FBI Director James Comey had privately briefed Trump on a summary on the document's findings.
Trump has called the allegations in the dossier “phony stuff” even as the FBI has been investigating and working to corroborate the document's claims. The conversation with Mueller's team, which is investigating potential coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia, suggests that investigators continue to take the document seriously.
CNN first reported the interview with Steele.
At a news conference Wednesday, Sen. Richard Burr, the Republican chairman of the Senate's intelligence committee, said that his panel had been unsuccessful in its efforts to question Steele.
“The committee cannot really decide the credibility of the dossier without understanding things like who paid for it, who are your sources and subsources?” Burr said.
“My hope is that Mr. Steele will make a decision to meet with either Mark or me, or the committee or both so we can hear his side of it,” said Burr, referring to Sen. Mark Warner, the committee's top Democrat.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
Having stabbed them, prosecutor Philippe Dulieu said, the man then seized one of their handguns and shot both women dead before walking down the street and shooting dead a 22-year-old man who was sitting in the passenger seat of a parked car.
The man then made his way into a high school where he took a woman employee hostage, triggering a major intervention by armed police. Pupils were moved to safety as a gunbattle broke out that sent people in the street racing for cover. Several police were wounded before the attacker was finally killed.
“The event is classed as a terrorist incident,” Dulieu said.
The national crisis center, on high alert since past attacks by Islamic State in Paris and Brussels in the past three years, said it was monitoring events but had not raised its alert level.
La Libre Belgique newspaper quoted a police source as saying the gunman shouted “Allahu Akbar” — God is greatest in Arabic.
Prime Minister Charles Michel, expressing his condolences to the families of the victims, said it was too early to say what had caused the incident. King Philippe visited Liege, the biggest city in Belgium's French-speaking Wallonia region.
An industrial powerhouse on the Meuse river, it was the scene of a mass shooting in 2011, when a man killed four people and wounded over 100 others before turning his gun on himself.
A Brussels-based Islamic State cell was involved in attacks on Paris in 2015 that killed 130 people and on Brussels in 2016 in which 32 died. The Brussels IS cell had links to militants in Verviers, another industrial town close to Liege, where in early 2015 police raided a safe house and killed two men who had returned from fighting with radical Islamists in Syria.
European authorities are deeply concerned about the risks of petty criminals, including those not from Muslim backgrounds, being inspired to Islamist violence while incarcerated.
DARKE COUNTY – Five Darke County boys basketball players earned first team all-Cross County Conference recognition for the 2017-18 season.
Ansonia's Hunter Muir, Arcanum's Carter Gray, Franklin Monroe's Ethan Conley, Mississinawa Valley's Ethan Bowman and Tri-Village's Jared Buckley all were named first team all-CCC.
Ansonia's Devyn Sink, Franklin Monroe's Zach Cable and Franklin Monroe's Kyle Ressler were named second team all-conference.
Ansonia's Trevor Alexander, Arcanum's Evan Atchley, Bradford's Andy Branson, Franklin Monroe's Parker Hesler, Mississinawa Valley's DJ Howell and Tri-Village's Trey Frech made the CCC's special mention team.
Bethel's Ryan Rose was named the CCC boys basketball player of the year, and Bethel's Brett Kopp was named the CCC boys basketball coach of the year.
Bethel won the CCC championship with a 12-0 conference record, and Franklin Monroe finished second at 10-2. Ansonia, Mississinawa Valley, National Trail, Tri-County North, Tri-Village and Twin Valley South all finished 7-5. Arcanum finished ninth in the league with a 7-5 record, Covington and Miami East tied for 10th at 4-8, Newton finished 12th at 1-11, and Bradford finished 13th with a 0-12 record.
All-CCC boys basketball
First team
Hunter Muir, Ansonia
Carter Gray, Arcanum
Ryan Rose, Bethel
Caleb South, Bethel
Ethan Conley, Franklin Monroe
Ethan Bowman, Mississinawa Valley
Cameron Harrison, National Trail
Dillon McCullough, Tri-County North
Jared Buckley, Tri-Village
Willie Bowman, Twin Valley South
Player of the year: Ryan Rose, Bethel
Coach of the year: Brett Kopp, Bethel
Second team
Devyn Sink, Ansonia
Kendal James, Bethel
Alex VanHarran, Bethel
Braden Miller, Covington
Zach Cable, Franklin Monroe
Kyle Ressler, Franklin Monroe
Austin Rutledge, Miami East
Dalton Mason, National Trail
Treg Jackson, Newton
Brian Stinson, Tri-County North
Travis Lovely, Twin Valley South
Special mention
Trevor Alexander, Ansonia
Evan Atchley, Arcanum
Jacob Evans, Bethel
Andy Branson, Bradford
Bradley Wiggins, Covington
Parker Hesler, Franklin Monroe
Parker Heim, Miami East
DJ Howell, Mississinawa Valley
Travis Hunt, National Trail
Ryan Mollette, Newton
Preston Jackson, Tri-County North
Trey Frech, Tri-Village
Ryan Bassler, Twin Valley South
Buckley http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Jared-Buckley-WEB.jpg Buckley Bowman http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Ethan-Bowman-WEB.jpg Bowman Conley http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Ethan-Conley-WEB-1.jpg Conley Gray http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Carter-Gray-WEB.jpg Gray Muir http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Hunter-Muir-WEB-1.jpg Muir
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
A federal judge in Delaware on Friday struck down key patents held by Acorda Therapeutics Inc related to its multiple sclerosis drug Ampyra, causing the stock to tumble 24 percent before trading was halted.
The ruling by U.S. District Judge Leonard Stark opens the door for generic versions of the drug by companies including Mylan Inc and Roxane Laboratories Inc.
Those companies had sought approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to sell a generic version of Ampyra. Acorda responded by suing them, seeking a court declaration that its patents on the drugs were valid.
Sales of Ampyra, which is used to improve walking in MS patients, accounted for almost 90 percent of Ardsley, New York-based Acorda's 2016 revenue of $519 million.
Stark invalidated four Acorda patents on methods of delivering the drug which were not set to expire until between 2025 and 2027. In a minor victory for Acorda, the judge upheld one patent on the extended-release formulation of Ampyra, which is set to expire in 2018.
Acorda Chief Executive Ron Cohen said in a statement the company is disappointed by the ruling and is preparing to appeal.
The company said it has developed contingency plans to address its business goals in the event Ampyra becomes available as a low-cost generic drug and will update investors when it finalizes a timeline for implementing those plans.
A total of ten drug companies have sought to sell generic versions of Ampyra. Acorda reached settlement agreements with seven of the generic companies, including Allergan plc and Par Pharmaceuticals. Mylan, Roxane Laboratories Inc and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd did not settle and challenged the validity of Acorda's patents in court.
(Editing by Richard Chang and Bernadette Baum)
NEW YORK GIANTS SIGN CODY LATIMER AND B.W. WEBB…
The New York Giants have officially signed unrestricted free agents wide receiver Cody Latimer (Denver Broncos) and cornerback B.W. Webb (cut by the Cleveland Browns last week).
The 25-year old, 6'2”, 215-pound Latimer was originally drafted in the 2nd round of the 2014 NFL Draft by the Broncos. In four seasons with the Broncos, Latimer played in 45 regular-season games with three starts. He has 35 career receptions for 445 yards and three touchdowns. Despite missing five games due to injury, 2017 was Latimer's most productive season as he caught 19 passes for 287 yards and two touchdowns. He's a big receiver who will fight for the football. While Latimer never lived up to expectations as a receiver in Denver, he was an excellent special teams player (gunner) for the Broncos. He also has some experience returning kickoffs.
The 27-year old, 5'11”, 190-pound Webb was originally drafted in the 4th round of the 2013 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys. Webb has spent time with the Cowboys (2013), Steelers (2014), Titans (2015), Saints (2016), Bears (2017), and Browns (2017). Webb has played 49 regular-season games with 10 starts – eight of which were with the Saints in 2016. Webb is a very good athlete and plays with an attitude, but he has not been able to stick with a club since entering the league.
GIANTS RE-SIGN KERRY WYNN…
The New York Giants have officially re-signed unrestricted free agent defensive end Kerry Wynn to a 1-year deal. Wynn was originally signed as an undrafted rookie free agent by the Giants after the 2014 NFL Draft. He has played in 49 regular-season games, with 10 starts. Wynn played in 15 games with three starts in 2017 and finished the season with just 19 tackles and one sack.
For a complete listing of free agent comings and goings, see our New York Giants 2018 Free Agency Scorecard.
GIANTS EXPECTED TO SIGN JOSH MAURO…
Multiple sources are reporting that the New York Giants are expected to sign unrestricted free agent defensive end Josh Mauro (Arizona Cardinals). The 27-year old, 6'6”, 282-pound, English-born Mauro was originally signed as an undrafted rookie free agent by the Pittsburgh Steelers after the 2014 NFL Draft. He did not make the team, but was signed by the Cardinals after he was cut. The Cardinals cut him last week. In four seasons with the Cardinals, Mauro played in 47 regular-season games with 26 starts, 20 of which came in the last two years. In 2017, Mauro started seven games and finished the season with 22 tackles and one sack. Mauro is a hard-working run player who does not get much heat on the quarterback (only two career sacks).
GIANTS INTERESTED IN MARCUS EASLEY…
The Houston Chronicle is reporting that the New York Giants and New England Patriots have expressed interest in unrestricted free agent wide receiver/special teamer Marcus Easley. The 30-year old, 6'2”, 217-pound Easley was originally drafted in the 4th round of the 2010 NFL Draft by the Buffalo Bills. In his first five seasons with the Bills, Easley played in 42 games with no starts. He suffered a serious knee injury (dislocated knee cap and fractured knee) in December 2015. Easley did not play in 2016 and the Bills cut him in March 2017. Easley only has three career receptions and is known more for his special teams play.
Galway County Council Water Services and Irish Water wish to advise customers in Athenry that there will be disruption to their water supplies from approximately 9am to 4pm tomorrow, Tuesday 15th August to facilitate repair of a burst watermain in Kiltullagh. The areas affected include Kiltullagh, Raford, Killimordaly and surrounding areas. A stop-and-go traffic management system will be in place for the duration of the works.
Galway County Council working in partnership with Irish Water wish to apologise in advance for any inconvenience which may be caused by these essential repair works
LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May has been clear Britain will be leaving the customs union with the European Union after Brexit, her spokesman said on Friday.
“The prime minister has set out the position of the need to leave the customs union and the single market,” the spokesman said.
The Financial Times newspaper reported on Friday that the government is exploring whether Britain could strike a deal that would keep it in a form of the customs union after leaving the EU.
Your body also really wants to move. Developed designed for movement. Movement increases your heart rate and opens your lungs so they take in more oxygen or perhaps something circulatory system can deliver this life-giving oxygen to parts of your body. This movement also keeps joints lubricated and moving freely.
While looking back on my small childhood I came a new profound exposure. We are guided by our parents, by our teachers, by our jobs, society, the media, we become experts the weaknesses and spend life trying required these flaws, while our gifts lie dormant and neglected. However in actuality these were stuck their selves.
In addition, it is actually so much harder to get yourself a girl arrive home along with you when you do not have your own car. It is little embarrassing explaining towards the cab driver that it's all right, I'm just taking her house to sleep it off. All I am really toying with is that any minute she might just tell the cab driver she doesn't even know who I'm and that they do not live in that address. Or perhaps it is she will say into the cab driver "What am I doing here? Please help me!" I'm assuming I just highlighted what i have become, an abuser of both drugs and some women. Now that I look back on it, the club drug lifestyle has cause a long chain of embarrassing, self centered, stupid and mean performers.
Deacon has already established more than his share of trouble in his life. He valiantly fights the battle against his Alcohol Addiction daily and has managed to come through getting 13 years clean and sober, yet when you're his other addiction namely Rayna Jaymes. I think it's pretty safe believed he's competent and that he's a goner.
Drug Rehab is the solution that lot associated with these that trying stop drug abuse seem to miss. They will be there are lots of facilities in order to help those involved with help breaking their drug habits. If you believe an individual in too deep, require to to consider reaching along with. Start by looking on the online marketplace for places in your neighborhood and then check out their recommendations. Do they meet government expectations? Also, check testimonials sing of these places. Guaranteed that you discover if patients are being managed properly. Really are millions some facilities that just do not are concerned about their patients and throw several advisors in one room to fend for their own reasons.
We have begun to lose communication to the actual that we barely spoke to additional. He became sullen and depressed and I took might be as part of his bad behavior. Soon, other things started to emerge. Contacted us terrible scores, stopped working out and spent lots of the time out of your house just "hanging out" with some friends.
No patient should end up in pain. As healthcare professionals, we account to help our patients in wide variety of paths. We should always believe someone when they are saying that might in irritation. We are their ear once they need to talk, and the crutch when they need to walk. We are their advocate, and once we deny them comfort from pain, we not a great deal of a health care bills professional. Whenever a problem of Drug Addiction or drug seeking behavior is suspected, facility protocols for that situation end up being followed, using a report assisted to the charge nurse and physician.
The habit affect our sleeps too, and our ability to extract from life, and now the drugs as well. Dealing with life with a hangover, 'head-bang' and exhaustion is actually harder, not easier. Unfortunate but the case.
LIMA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Southern Copper Corp surprised the market by reporting a $287.5 million net loss in the fourth quarter on Friday, citing a $743.3 million one-time payment related to U.S. tax reform.
Analysts had forecast a $419 million net profit for the company in the fourth quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The Arizona-based company, controlled by Grupo Mexico , said that without the tax adjustment it would have posted $455.8 million in net profit. In the last quarter of 2016, Southern earned $171.9 million.
March 29 HSBC Private Bank (Suisse) SA said it appointed company veteran Christophe de Backer as a non-executive board director, effective immediately.
De Backer, who joined HSBC in 1990, also joins the board of HSBC Private Banking Holdings (Suisse) SA, which includes HSBC's private banking operations in Switzerland and Luxembourg.
The firm said John Flint and Elie Wakim would retire from its board, effective Oct. 21 and March 30, respectively. (Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sabvest Ltd:
* SABVEST LTD - HAS RECEIVED A DIVIDEND OF R1,387BN FROM SA BIAS INDUSTRIES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BANGKOK, March 31 Thailand will auction petroleum concessions for Erawan and Bongkot gas fields in December, the country's energy minister said on Friday.
"An official announcement is expected within July, and auctions in December," energy minister General Anantaporn Kanjanarat told reporters.
The Erawan gas concession, operated by Chevron Corp, and the Bongkot gas concession, operated by state-backed PTTEP Exploration and Production PCL, will expire in 2022 and 2023, respectively.
They have a combined production of 2.2 billion cubic feet per day, or 76 percent of output in the Gulf of Thailand.
The minister's comment comes after the country's military-appointed parliament approved an amendment to a petroleum law on Thursday which will give companies more options for exploration and production operations.
Currently, oil and gas companies must get a concession to operate in a Thai field.
The approved amendment will add the option of striking production sharing agreements (PSA) or service contracts. (Reporting by Pracha Hariraksapitak; Writing by Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
People beef about irises the way they beef about magnolias and roses. They don't bloom long enough.
This is true, but it is part of their rare charm. You must put down your phone and your tallboy and get out and see and smell them while they last. The same advice goes for peonies.
That is why a visit to the Royal Botanical Gardens' Laking Garden is a must. Soon.
Withering weather is pushing all the beauties of spring to bloom fast and furious.
The collection is laid out in grids with names tucked in amongst the foliage. That is why you know the iris with the pink ruffles and white ground is named Crinoline. The Historic Iris Preservation Society says it has a "refreshing personality."
Crinoline is a tall bearded iris. The RBG collection contains about 600 types but there are also beardless irises, which I prefer. A mainstay of the beardless type is the Siberian iris: tall, slender and with a less complicated profile than the ones with beards.
I have a few Siberians, but just a few, because the conditions are not right for them in my garden. It's too dry.
I used to have quite a few tall bearded ones, but over time they have faded away.
The blame is mine. Though irises are pretty easy to grow if a lot of sun is available, they do need to be dug up and divided every three to five years. This is called renovation, a word most people are allergic to.
My irises are also getting crowded by other creeping perennials, and sometimes weeds. They resist this and sulk and shrink. Irises like a room of their own, just like Virginia Woolf, with their rugged rhizomes free to bask in the sun.
HERSHEY
Available at: Kitsap Humane Society, Washington
Hershey is a gorgeous mystery mutt with a Boxer nose and cattle dog freckles and the happiest smile! Hershey is a sweet girl who is approximately 9 or 10 years old, but in great shape with many years of love left to give. Hershey enjoys peaceful walks and lounging in the yard by your side. Even though she's a little older, she is still very playful and has plenty of pep in her step. Her previous home reports she is housetrained and crate trained, though it may take her some time to get back into a routine in her new home. Hershey isn't a big fan of other pets, so is looking for a home where she can be the only pet and get all your love and attention. Hershey can be a little nervous at first with new people and in new situations, but with patience and TLC she blossoms into a happy, loving companion. She would do best in a home without young kids.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Former UKIP leader and Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage says an Irish exit from the EU is a possibility.
Mr Farage was speaking at a conference calling for an 'Irexit' in Dublin - which was attended by around 400 people.
He's called for "Irexit" campaigners to "mobilise" - despite opinion polls showing only about 10% of the public would back such a move.
Nigel Farage says Ireland's future lies outside the EU.
Donald Trump has broken his silence on the cancellation of supporter Roseanne Barr‘s eponymous ABC show.
After effusively praising Barr after her reboot was an immediate ratings success, he was notably silent after her show was abruptly cancelled Tuesday following her shockingly racist tweet aimed at former Obama administration advisor Valerie Jarrett.
But he finally spoke out Wednesday in a tweet — and focused on himself.
“Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
After the comedienne's eponymous reboot premiered in March, Trump called Barr to congratulate her for her successful revivial, and thank her for a show “about us.”
“I called her yesterday. Look at her ratings! Look at her ratings!” Trump said in March while in Ohio to deliver a speech on infrastructure. “I got a call from Mark Burnett, he did The Apprentice. He's a great guy. He said, ‘Donald, I called just to say hello and to tell you did you see Roseanne's ratings?' I said, how big where they? They were unbelievable. Over 18 million people. And it was about us.”
Donald Trump; Roseanne Barr Gary Gershoff/Getty; JB Lacroix/WireImage
But since Barr's Ambien-fueled Twitter rant began Monday night, Trump did not speak out — or tweet — about the cancellation until around 11:30 a.m. Wednesday. He declined to bring it up during a Nashville rally Tuesday evening, although he did take time out to bash both Hillary Clinton and JAY-Z.
“The only way she [Clinton] filled up the arena was to get JAY-Z,” Trump told the crowd. “And his language was so filthy it made me look like the most clean-cut human being on Earth.”
Just hours before those comments, White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders also dodged repeated questions about Trump's reaction to Roseanne‘s cancellation, noting that he's too “focused” on important issues to take time out to comment on Barr.
“Look, as you know, the president has been extremely focused,” she said, before ticking off priorities including North Korea, the economy and rebuilding the military. “That's what he's spending his time on; not responding to other things.”
Donald Trump Jr. ANDREW CABALLERO-REYNOLDS/AFP/Getty
But eldest son Donald Trump Jr. apparently did find the time to acknowledge Barr's Twitter rant — and retweeted two bigoted messages regarding billionaire Democratic donor George Soros, including one message in which Barr called Soros a “nazi.”
After the New York Post's Page Six ran a story about Trump Jr.'s retweets, he quizzically responded on Twitter by saying that “they know full well that I did not RT anything that was anti-semitic.”
NEW YORK, April 6 Comcast Corp said on Thursday it is launching a new wireless service with an unlimited data plan, making it the first major U.S. cable provider to enter into the highly competitive wireless market, as it faces pressure in its core business.
Unlimited data, talk and text will be available by mid-year for $65 per line for up to five lines, or $45 per line for customers with Comcast's top X1 packages, which bundle together TV, internet and phone services. Alternatively, customers can opt to pay $12 per gigabyte each month.
In recent months, the four major U.S. wireless carriers - Verizon Communications Inc, AT&T Inc, T-Mobile US Inc and Sprint Corp - have offered unlimited data plans ranging from $50 a month for a single line to $90 a month.
The move into the wireless business by the U.S. No. 1 cable provider shows how cable companies are looking to add more services to their offerings with the hope of reducing customer churn, or attrition, as younger viewers back away from high-priced subscriptions in favor of cheaper options, such as "cutting the cord" entirely and watching online.
Rival cable provider Charter Communications Inc is also planning to launch a wireless service in 2018.
Details released on Thursday offer a glimpse of how Comcast plans to make inroads in an oversaturated market for U.S. wireless service that is increasingly price-driven.
"We believe we have very competitive unlimited plans," said Greg Butz, president of Comcast's mobile business, adding that the company was able to pass savings it generated by packaging the service with high-speed data and video on to consumers. The company does not plan to offer phone subsidies.
The service, dubbed Xfinity Mobile, will launch on Verizon's airwaves as part of a 2011 agreement between the two companies. It will employ Comcast's 16 million Wi-Fi hotspots within its footprint, allowing customers to automatically switch onto Wi-Fi from 4G LTE.
Comcast will limit the service's rollout to customers within its footprint, which includes major markets like Philadelphia and Chicago. It will initially be available only to subscribers who have Xfinity broadband service. Comcast had roughly 25 million high-speed Internet customers in 2016, according to a filing.
Comcast did not say how much it has invested in Xfinity Mobile or what kind of return it expects. Analysts at JPMorgan said in a note in January that building a wireless business could cost Comcast hundreds of millions of dollars a year in the first few years, potentially cutting as much as 5 cents to 10 cents off earnings per share in 2017.
The wireless service will be available on Apple Inc's iPhones as well as Samsung Electronics Co Ltd Galaxy phones. (Reporting by Anjali Athavaley; Editing by Bill Rigby)
1 dead, 5 injured in St. Louis drive-by shooting; no arrests
Now Playing:
ST. LOUIS (AP) — Police say a man has been killed and five other people injured in a drive-by shooting in St. Louis.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that someone in a sport utility vehicle began shooting about 5:30 p.m. Tuesday in a neighborhood on the city's north side. A man sitting on a porch was fatally wounded. Police did not immediately identify him.
Two other men were critically wounded as they sat inside a car.
Three women were also hurt. One was listed in stable condition and the other two sustained graze wounds.
The SUV drove off after the shooting. No arrests have been reported.
___
Information from: St. Louis Post-Dispatch, http://www.stltoday.com
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany believes his side put up a dominant display in their Premier League clash against leaders Chelsea despite losing 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday.
Fourth-placed City controlled possession and had more shots on target than their opponents. However, a first-half brace from Eden Hazard helped Chelsea retain a seven-point lead at the top of the standings.
"Obviously, we are not happy but I can't say I'm disappointed with the performance," Kompany told reporters. "We are disappointed we couldn't win the game.
"Other than that, it was a good performance. Physically, we stood up to the challenge and we dominated the game.
Kompany, who played 90 minutes in a league game for the first time in a year, said City were ready to fight for a top-four finish to qualify for Champions League next season.
City will also face Arsenal in an FA Cup semi-final on April 23, which is their only hope for a silverware in manager Pep Guardiola's first season at the club.
"Regarding our position, it will be a fight until the end for us," Kompany added.
"Our target (now) is Champions League and hopefully, getting to the final of the FA Cup."
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
For ten years, the twists and turns of the Caylee Anthony murder case have fascinated trial-watchers who wonder what exactly happened to the sunny 2-year-old from Orlando, Florida. A decade after the case made headlines, the American public remains fascinated with Caylee's mother, Casey Anthony.
One of the most macabre and surprising details was revealed a year after Casey's stunning 2011 acquittal, when multiple sources told PEOPLE that Casey and her mother, Cindy, had matching necklaces that contained Caylee's ashes in small vials.
During one of the reconciliations between the two women, Cindy presented the necklace to her daughter as a gift. At the time, Casey was living in South Florida with a pastor and his family. She attended a small church, and kept photos of Caylee near her bed.
“Casey told me it was the way the Anthony women would be together forever,” a friend of Casey's told PEOPLE at the time.
But things have changed — and the same source close to Casey tells PEOPLE that she no longer wears the necklace containing Caylee's ashes.
Casey and Caylee Anthony Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel/MCT/Getty
“Oh, I haven't seen it in years,” says the friend. “Her mother gave her the necklace and she wore it some back in 2012 and 2013, but I haven't seen it since. I don't know whatever became of it. It always stood out when she wore it, but I literally can't remember seeing it for a very long time.”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Justin Coit
• For more on the Casey and Caylee Anthony case 10 years after the little girl was reported missing, subscribe now to PEOPLE or pick up this week's issue, on newsstands Friday.
Casey, now 32, has distanced herself from her family and has tried to move on from her daughter's death and the subsequent murder accusations.
“I don't give a s— about what anyone thinks about me, I never will,” she told the Associated Press last year, “Based off what was in the media, I understand the reasons people feel about me. I understand why people have the opinions that they do.”
“I'm okay with myself,” she continued. “I sleep pretty good at night.”
Courtesy Crime Watch Daily
But Casey's parents, George and Cindy, have given several interviews that indicated that they are still haunted by the trauma of losing their granddaughter and watching their daughter face trial. “Cindy and I must have raised a bad seed,” George told A&E's Elizabeth Vargas during a televised interview in May.
A source close to Cindy tells PEOPLE she still owns the necklace with the ashes — and still wears it on occasion. “She has never been the same since Caylee died,” says the source. “No matter what people think of Cindy, she loved her family.”
“You've got to think about what she went through,” the source continues. “Caylee was missing for six months. Then her body was found. Then Casey faced a murder trial where the death penalty was on the table. Then Casey was acquitted and she turned her back on her family who had been there for her. Cindy weathered all of that; she's stronger than people give her credit for being.”
“Cindy loved Caylee with all her heart,” the source continues. “And that necklace will keep her from ever forgetting Caylee. It's one of her prized possessions.”
written by: Donna Krug, Family & Consumer Science Agent and District Director, K-State Research and Extension – Cottonwood District
Another school year has come to an end but that does not mean that learning has to take a vacation; especially in the area of nutrition education. With kids home for the summer no doubt your grocery bill will see a noticeable increase. It would be easy to fall into the trap of stocking up on the many processed foods on the market and feeding these to your busy family. But summer is a great time to focus on the “Why, When, Where, and How” as it relates to nutrition education.
Food is a source of energy. Choosing healthy foods provides the energy to grow and play, and provides the building blocks of a strong, healthy body that aids in the growth and development of young children. Good nutrition habits can potentially increase academic success and decrease health care cost in the future. It is important to teach children about healthy foods and their health benefits. When children learn these lessons at a young age, they are more likely to make healthier food choices throughout their adult life.
As stated by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, healthy eating reduces risk for obesity, dental caries, and several diseases that can lead to death such as diabetes, heart disease and stroke.
Anytime can be a great time to incorporate nutrition education, such as mealtime, story time, and play time. Parents can use every opportunity to teach children about making nutritious food choices. Nutrition education can occur at any location. Planting and caring for a garden together with kids is a wonderful learning experience. As fresh vegetables ripen, let children get involved in preparing recipes using the produce. Invite children to experience new foods through taste testing and preparing simple snacks. The more children are exposed to healthy foods, the more likely they are to try them. (And like them)
The “Eat Real America” and “Kids A Cookin'” web sites are excellent resources as you work with your children to learn basic cooking skills this summer. There are lots of recipes complete with a nutrition facts label. You can find these sites by going to www.eatrealamerica.com and www.kidsacookin.ksu.edu Let me know if you have any questions about nutrition education with kids this summer.
FRANKFURT, March 29 A spokesman for Gazprom in Germany said on Wednesday that the company's Berlin-based subsidiary, Gazprom Germania, will be laying off an unspecified number of staff, confirming a media report.
The spokesman said the unit, which has annual sales of 17 billion euros ($18.3 billion) and steers around 50 units across 20 countries via Berlin, was looking to eliminate duplicate structures in an overhaul driven by its Russian parent.
"It is about creating synergies and getting rid of redundant structures," he said, adding the layoffs would be done in close coordination with the works council.
The Handelsblatt business daily had reported the job cuts would amount to 100 out of 230 staff. ($1 = 0.9273 euros) (Reporting by Vera Eckert; Editing by Christoph Steitz)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
THE Asia Golf Tourism Convention (AGTC) takes place in a different golf destination each year with the 7th annual AGTC being staged in the Philippines, with the main Convention taking place at Resorts World from April 22-25.
Previous AGTC host destinations have been: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (2012), Pattaya, Thailand (2013), Mission Hills Haikou, Hainan Island, China (2014), Jakarta, Indonesia (2015), Chiang Mai, Thailand (2016), Danang, Vietnam (2017).
AGTC is established as the most important golf tourism event in the Asia Pacific region.
AGTC brings together international golf tour operators from around the world, all selling golf vacations to Asia, to meet with golf tourism suppliers (golf resorts, hotels, golf courses, inbound tour operators and tourist boards) from Asia, the Pacific, Indian Ocean and Gulf States.
AGTC is also designed to showcase the host destination to the participating golf tour operators, in order to generate sustainable growth in golf travel to the host destination of this high revenue, low impact tourism sector.
Established in 1997, IAGTO (International Association of Golf Tour Operators) is the global trade organization of the golf tourism industry, and has over 2653 member companies in 98 countries including 685 golf tour operator members in 64 countries, which control more than 87% of golf vacation packages sold worldwide and which collectively have annual sales of more than $2.5 billion.
AGTC 2018 has attracted over 560 participants including 200+ golf tour operators from 33 countries. A record number of golf tour operators (over 160) participated in golf familiarization tours before and after the Convention, experiencing first-hand what the Philippines has to offer the international golf traveler.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China Jialing Industrial Co Ltd Group :
* SAYS IT SOLD 6,255 MOTORCYCLES IN JAN Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DWbldr Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
European Chief Negotiator for Brexit Michel Barnier walks past the Union Jack flag as he arrives at the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
BRUSSELS European Union leaders approved on Saturday guidelines for their chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, setting priorities that the Union of 27 governments staying in the bloc wants to achieve in talks on Britain's withdrawal.
Below are key points of the 8-page guidelines:
"PHASED APPROACH"
If "sufficient progress" towards agreeing the terms of an "orderly withdrawal" on March 29, 2019, is made in a first phase of talks starting probably in June, the EU27 could launch talks on how a long-term future free trade relationship could work.
That represents a compromise between the position of EU hardliners, who want no trade talks until the full Brexit deal is agreed, and British calls for an immediate start.
The chairman of EU leaders, Donald Tusk, told reporters the EU could assess if progress was "sufficient" as early as autumn, but officials noted the decision would ultimately be a political one and hinge on a recommendation from Barnier.
Barnier's recommendation will depend on progress in talks on Britain's contributions to the EU budget and on the way London would treat some 3 million EU expats now living in Britain.
"TRANSITIONAL ARRANGEMENTS"
Britain could have a few years after March 2019 when it does not have to give up all benefits of membership, to ease the shift for people and businesses. But in that case it would have to accept EU rules, e.g. on free migration, and submit to supervision by the European Court of Justice and other EU authorities.
"Any such transitional arrangements must be clearly defined, limited in time, and subject to effective enforcement mechanisms. Should a time-limited prolongation of Union acquis be considered, this would require existing Union regulatory, budgetary, supervisory, judiciary and enforcement instruments and structures to apply," the guidelines say.
STICKING TOGETHER
The EU 27 will stick together against British efforts to divide and conquer and is prepared to play hardball against Prime Minister Theresa May's threat to walk out without a deal. Brussels thinks Britain needs a deal more than the EU.
"In accordance with the principle that nothing is agreed until everything is agreed, individual items cannot be settled separately. The Union will approach the negotiations with unified positions, and will engage with the United Kingdom exclusively through the channels set out in these guidelines and in the negotiating directives. So as not to undercut the position of the Union, there will be no separate negotiations between individual Member States and the United Kingdom on matters pertaining to the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the Union."
"NO DUMPING"
Free trade will be a good outcome but Britain should not expect to get that if it seeks competitive advantages for its companies by state subsidies or by tearing up EU environmental or labour standards or setting itself up as a tax haven.
"Any free trade agreement should be balanced, ambitious and wide-ranging. It cannot, however, amount to participation in the Single Market or parts thereof, as this would undermine its integrity and proper functioning. It must ensure a level playing field, notably in terms of competition and state aid, and in this regard encompass safeguards against unfair competitive advantages through, inter alia, tax, social, environmental and regulatory measures and practices.
"Any future framework should safeguard financial stability in the Union and respect its regulatory and supervisory regime and standards and their application."
RIGHTS AND BENEFITS
Britain cannot have a better deal outside than inside the EU -- that would be a slippery slope to others leaving the Union. The guidelines stress there can be no "cherry picking" from the benefits of single market membership without accepting freedom of movement for EU workers.
"Preserving the integrity of the Single Market excludes participation based on a sector-by-sector approach. A non-member of the Union, that does not live up to the same obligations as a member, cannot have the same rights and enjoy the same benefits as a member. In this context, the European Council welcomes the recognition by the British Government that the four freedoms of the Single Market are indivisible and that there can be no 'cherry picking'. The Union will preserve its autonomy as regards its decision-making as well as the role of the Court of Justice of the European Union."
"BREXIT BILL"
Britain must pay its share of potential losses from guarantees given by the EU, among other things. Until it leaves, the actual bill probably can't be calculated with accuracy. The main thing for the EU is to agree this year on a methodology of how to calculate it and then put the latest numbers into the formula when Britain leaves in March 2019.
"A single financial settlement - including issues resulting from the MFF (Multiannual financial framework - the EU's 7-year budget which ends in 2020) as well as those related to the European Investment Bank (EIB), the European Development Fund (EDF) and the European Central Bank (ECB) - should ensure that the Union and the United Kingdom both respect the obligations resulting from the whole period of the UK membership in the Union. The settlement should cover all commitments as well as liabilities, including contingent liabilities."
"BORDER TROUBLE"
The EU doesn't want to disturb peace in Northern Ireland, where there will be a new EU land border. It is also paying attention to British military bases in Cyprus and is giving Spain a special say on the fate of the British territory of Gibraltar, which is not part of the UK but is in the EU.
"In view of the unique circumstances on the island of Ireland, flexible and imaginative solutions will be required, including with the aim of avoiding a hard border, while respecting the integrity of the Union legal order. In this context, the Union should also recognise existing bilateral agreements and arrangements between the United Kingdom and Ireland which are compatible with EU law."
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; @macdonaldrtr; Editing by Mark Trevelyan and Robin Pomeroy)
There's a bit of folk wisdom offered by and to managers and executives through the ages. To paraphrase, you can do a lot of things to your employees, but one thing you must never do is mess with their payroll.
That nugget of commonsensical wisdom should have been at the very heart of the Harper government's 2009 plan to replace its 40-year-old payroll management system. No doubt Stephen Harper and Tony Clement, who would become the point person for what came to be known as the Phoenix system, would argue that was the case. But it didn't happen that way.
In 2011 the government awarded the contract to IBM. The project checked many Conservative boxes. It promised to save $70 million annually. It promised to allow cutting staff by up to 3,000.
In 2015, Harper awarded the contract for a new Public Service Pay Centre in Miramichi, N.B. In 2015, after critical problems, IBM suggested delaying the rollout.
In February 2016, the system went live across 34 government departments. Protests and problems immediately broke out. Unions urged the government hold off full implementation. The advice was ignored. Thousands of staff were underpaid, overpaid, not paid, had their income tax deductions and T4s messed up.
The price tag now? More than $1 billion. But that doesn't begin to address the hardship and stress on staff. More than 70 per cent have fallen victim in some way to Phoenix problems. Lives have been affected. Families harmed.
The Auditor-General this week released a report calling Phoenix an "incomprehensible failure." Clement immediately claimed the report vindicates the Conservatives, but it doesn't. It is equally hard on the Liberals, who eventually pushed the launch button in spite of many warnings about Phoenix being broken.
An unmitigated, foreseeable disaster, and the best the two governments responsible can do is point fingers at each other. What an insult to all the people harmed, and to Canadians overall.
The most disturbing thing about Michael Ferguson's report isn't the ugly details about who knew what and when, or about the collective failure of two governments to act in the best interest of their public service employees. Rather, it's the damning revelation about the culture of Canada's civil service: "There's something in the culture that makes people believe that they can't bring forward these problems ... It was very evident that this system was not going to work.
"In order to prevent an incomprehensible failure like Phoenix from happening in the future, the government has to understand which parts of its culture are causing that type of action."
You don't get to be a two-time Super Bowl champion and the most sought-after tight end in Fantasy Football without learning a thing or two about what it takes to be a great athlete. Now, Rob Gronkowski is getting serious and sharing some of that wisdom with the next generation.
Catching up with PEOPLE after filming a series of hilarious television spots for Tide's new Sport Pods, Gronk revealed his two secrets for getting to the top of your game.
Number one? “Listen to your coaches, and — most importantly — do good in school. You see so many athletes today, they have a lot of talent, but they don't get to touch the field because they don't have the grades to stay eligible,” he says.
“And number two: just work hard. Do everything the coaches say. Do extra out on the field and it will get you places you don't see everyday. Your body improves more and more.”
Gronk also has advice for the parents of budding sports stars.
“For mothers picking up their kids, you can use the Tide sport pods,” Gronk adds of his new sponsor. “I mean, the main point of the commercial is to show that I'm not me when I'm super smelly, and that amateur athletes can stink just like professional athletes.”
For Gronk, a veteran of both comedy and football, filming the humorous TV spots — which feature him as a female athlete, complete with braided pigtails — was a breeze.
“It was quick. It was easy. It was silly and that's the whole point of shooting a commercial, to have fun with it,” he says.
And now that he's gearing up for his eighth season in the NFL, the athlete is getting to work — and letting the jokes flow naturally. “I just work hard and whenever I have a joke on the spot, that's when I let it go.”
The four-time Pro Bowler also swears he's not the only prankster on the squad. “Matt Light was just hiding my shoes … I'd always be looking for them and he'd be laughing around the corner!”
You can see Gronk's latest comedic exploits in a series of Tide commercials coming this fall.
The sentencing for Larry Nassar is back underway this morning in Michigan, after the father of several of his victims tried to attack him.
Larry Nassar, the former USA gymnastics team physician who sexually abused female athletes in his care, was attacked by the father of three of his victims on Friday during the doctor's sentencing hearing.
The father of three of Nassar's victims, Randall Margrave, attempted to attack the 54-year-old doctor in the Michigan courtroom where women have been giving testimony about the abuse they suffered under his supposed care.
During the sentencing hearing, Margraves asked the judge for five minutes alone in a room with Nassar.
When the judge declined, Margraves ran at Nassar and deputies had to tackle him.
Nassar was not harmed and the father was put in handcuffs and taken away.
The courtroom was cleared for about 15 minutes before proceeding got underway again.
Margrave has since held a press conference to apologize for his courtroom conduct.
The post Father Who Attacked Nassar Holds Press Conference appeared first on 850 WFTL.
A man who was wanted on a European Arrest Warrant has been captured by police in West Yorkshire.
Atilla Foeldesi, 45, was being hunted by the authorities in connection with crimes committed in Hungary.
He had been sentenced to more than five years in prison for various offences, including human trafficking and theft.
West Yorkshire Police issued an appeal for information on his whereabouts at the start of the month.
The force said Foeldesi, who was also known to use the name Foldesi, had been living in the Beeston area of Leeds.
A police spokesman today said that Foeldesi had been arrested on Saturday evening in the West Yorkshire area.
He added: "The public and media are thanked for sharing the appeal."
* Main European markets dip
* Apple iPhone sales dip spurs consumer health worry
* Fed statement eyed for signal of June rate hike (Updates with European market close)
By Chuck Mikolajczak
NEW YORK, May 3 World stock markets fell on Wednesday as declines in iPhone sales brought about some concern about consumer health, while the dollar edged higher before a U.S. central bank statement that may signal a rate hike next month.
Apple Inc was down 0.3 percent, paring earlier declines, after it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales in its fiscal second quarter on Tuesday. The drop came on the heels of a decline in sales for U.S. automakers for April and a soft first-quarter reading on U.S. growth last week.
Even with the decline in iPhone sales, Apple still managed to top earnings estimates in what has been a strong quarter for U.S. companies. Thomson Reuters data shows first-quarter growth is currently expected to be 14.2 percent, the best quarter since 2011, with 357 of S&P 500 companies having reported.
"Despite some isolated incidents, overall the season has been great," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas.
"And that's one of the reasons why the indexes are hovering near record levels."
A report by payrolls processor ADP said private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, the smallest gain since the 62,000 increase last October as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers.
Other data indicated the pace of growth in the U.S. economy's service sector increased in April, led by a jump in new orders, according to an industry report.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 16.43 points, or 0.08 percent, to 20,933.46, the S&P 500 lost 6 points, or 0.25 percent, to 2,385.17 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 28.98 points, or 0.48 percent, to 6,066.39.
Europe's STOXX 600 index lost 0.04 percent to retreat from a 20-month high and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe shed 0.23 percent.
The U.S. economic data helped push the dollar higher ahead of the Federal Reserve statement.
While the central bank is expected to leave interest rates unchanged later on Wednesday, investors will look for signs it may hike them in June. Traders are currently pricing in a 70.7-percent chance of a hike of at least a quarter-point next month, according to CME's FedWatch tool.
The dollar index rose 0.12 percent, with the euro down 0.12 percent to $1.0914.
Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 1/32 in price to yield 2.2982 percent, from 2.296 percent late on Tuesday.
The U.S. Treasury said it is studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds.
Oil prices retreated from earlier highs after U.S. government data showed a smaller-than-expected decline in domestic crude inventories and weak demand for gasoline, feeding concerns about a supply glut.
U.S. crude fell 0.06 percent to $47.63 per barrel and Brent was last at $50.59, up 0.26 percent on the day.
(Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Chizu Nomiyama)
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has filed an appeal against the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) decision to overturn the sanction given to Russian cross-country skier Alexander Legkov at the Swiss Federal Tribunal.
Legkov was one of 28 Russian athletes implicated in the country's doping scheme who were cleared by the CAS prior to the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang.
The 35-year-old, who has since retired from the sport, was initially stripped of the Olympic 50 kilometres gold and relay silver medals he won at Sochi 2014 before his results were reinstated because of the CAS ruling.
The IOC said at an Executive Board meeting in May that they would appeal the CAS decision to the Swiss Federal Tribunal after the organisation claimed it was "dissatisfied both by the decision and the motivation".
Legkov's case is the first which the IOC are contesting as the full reasoned decision on his case is one of only two to have been published so far.
The Swiss Federal Tribunal have the power to overturn CAS verdicts if they believe the legal process was abused, although in reality this is very rare.
They did, however, overturn a decision which prevented Peru striker Paolo Guerrero from representing his country at the FIFA World Cup in Russia, allowing him to play in the tournament.
IOC President Thomas Bach claimed in May that the chances of winning did not play a role in their decision to appeal the CAS verdicts ©Getty Images
The IOC appeal therefore appears a long shot, but it also has the aim of sending a message that they are determined to do whatever they can to bring Russian doping to account.
Further appeals are likely once other full verdicts are released.
"We can confirm the IOC has appealed the CAS decision on Alexander Legkov to the Swiss Federal Tribunal, as agreed by the IOC Executive Board on 3 May," said IOC Presidential spokesperson Mark Adams.
"The result will be announced by the tribunal once proceedings are concluded."
In the full verdict on Legkov, published in April, the CAS said it was unable to prove any of the "factual allegations" made by the IOC when they stripped Legkov of his medals and disqualified him from the 2014 Winter Olympics.
It also cast doubt on some of the testimony given by former Moscow Laboratory director turned whistleblower Grigory Rodchenkov, who has provided much of the evidence in the Russian doping cases, but also seemed to confirm the presence of a doping scheme in the country beyond any doubt.
April 20 Wolters Kluwer NV:
* Peter Wakkie, having completed maximum of three four-year terms, retired as Chairman and member of Supervisory Board at conclusion of today's AGM
* Peter Wakkie is succeeded as Chairman by Frans Cremers, whose appointment to Supervisory Board was approved today Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Carlisle Companies Inc:
* CARLISLE COMPANIES - UPON UNIT'S TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES CFSP ACQUISITION CORP REQUIRED TO PAY UNIT TERMINATION FEE OF $50 MILLION Source text - bit.ly/2s3XRdR Further company coverage:
Kailyn Lowry won't stand for getting mom-shamed over the length of her son's hair.
Replying to a social media user who thought Lowry's youngest son, Lux Russell, needed to get his hair cut “unless your goal is to make him look like a girl,” Lowry said she wouldn't be cutting her son's hair until he told her to.
“I'll cut it when he tells me he wants to cut it. But you can mind your business lil momma,” the 26-year-old mother of three clapped back.
I'll cut it when he tells me he wants to cut it. But you can mind your business lil momma https://t.co/gdj28Dd9dS — Kailyn Lowry (@KailLowry) March 19, 2018
The tweet was in response to a photo of her son “playing” basketball that Lowry shared on Sunday.
“Starting him young,” she wrote alongside the sweet image.
Starting him young pic.twitter.com/jQJWxarKOq — Kailyn Lowry (@KailLowry) March 18, 2018
RELATED: Teen Mom's Kailyn Lowry Reveals Whether She & Ex Javi Marroquin Are Getting Back Together
Lowry, who recently celebrated her 26th birthday with a nude black and white photoshoot, is also a mother to son Isaac Elliot, 7, whom she shares with ex-boyfriend Jo Rivera, and son Lincoln Marshall, 3, whom she shares with ex-husband Javi Marroquin.
The reality star's nude photos came less than two months after Lowry opened up about her body image struggles in January, sharing that she had experienced online bullying about her weight.
“Out of 10 years on tv I'm having the hardest time NOW,” she tweeted. “The pressure of outsiders, the criticism, the judgement [sic]. Sure I put myself out there. But never in my life have I seen or felt cruelty like I have lately.”
Although Lowry admitted she had considered getting plastic surgery, she recently changed her mind about undergoing multiple procedures in Miami, Florida, which would have included liposuction and a breast augmentation.
Harvey Weinstein is on an “indefinite leave of absence” from his position as co-chairman at powerhouse film studio The Weinstein Company after being accused of decades of sexual misconduct in a New York Times report. The company is conducting an internal investigation, it announced Friday.
“We take extremely seriously the accusations published in today's New York Times about our Company's co-chairman Harvey Weinstein,” the company's board said in a statement to PEOPLE on Friday. “It is essential to our Company's culture that all women who work for it or have any dealings with it or any of our executives are treated with respect and have no experience of harassment or discrimination.”
The company said it had hired an independent law firm, John Kiernan of Debevoise & Plimpton LLP, to conduct an internal investigation into the accusations against Weinstein concerning sexual harassment.
“We believe it is important to learn the full truth regarding the article's very serious accusations, in the interests of the Company, its shareholders and its employees,” the statement read. “Working with Mr. Kiernan will be his partners Matthew Fishbein, former Chief Assistant United States Attorney for both the Southern and Eastern Districts of New York, and Helen Cantwell, former prosecutor in the Southern District of New York and the New York County District Attorney's Sex Crimes Unit, who have extensive experience in these kinds of investigations. The investigating lawyers will be reporting to a special committee of the board composed exclusively of independent directors.”
The board stated they “strongly endorse Harvey Weinstein's already-announced decision to take an indefinite leave of absence from the Company, commencing today.”
“As Harvey has said, it is important for him to get professional help for the problems he has acknowledged,” the statement continued. “Next steps will depend on Harvey's therapeutic progress, the outcome of the Board's independent investigation, and Harvey's own personal decisions.”
The company will be under the leadership of Weinstein's brother and the company's co-chairman, Bob, as well as its Chief Operating Officer, David Glasser.
A source close to the situation previously told PEOPLE that the company's board met yesterday after the news broke. The 65-year-old mogul started the company in 2005 with his younger brother Bob, 62.
The source also said that because of his contract, Weinstein cannot simply be fired. He won't be able to work while the investigation is ongoing, the source told PEOPLE.
Since news of the allegations broke, board member Dirk Ziff has resigned, according to TheWrap.
The company is now in deep talks about its slate of upcoming projects.
RELATED: Ashley Judd and Multiple Women Accuse Movie Mogul Harvey Weinstein of Sexual Harassment as He Announces Leave of Absence
In a report by The New York Times Thursday, eight women, including actress Ashley Judd, came forward to accuse Weinstein of sexual misconduct. Following the allegations, the movie mogul announced plans to take a “leave of absence” in a statement to the NYT.
“I appreciate the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain, and I sincerely apologize for it. Though I'm trying to do better, I know I have a long way to go,” he said, adding that he was working with therapists and planned to take time off to “deal with this issue head-on.”
Weinstein's attorney, Lisa Bloom, said in a statement that “he denies many of the accusations as patently false.” Another attorney for Weinstein, Charles Harder, said the mogul is preparing a lawsuit against the NYT for “false and defamatory” statements.
Hong Kong's central bank raises base rate 25 basis points after Fed hike
HONG KONG, June 15 The Hong Kong Monetary Authority on Thursday raised the base rate charged through its overnight discount window by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent.
It's Friday afternoon, which means one thing... The Bath Rugby Webchat is back for another edition.
Rugby writer Daniel Evans will be running another question and answer session on all things blue, black and white from 2.30pm until 3.30pm.
You might want to know about recruitment, injuries, contracts, tactics, selection or the redevelopment of the Rec.
To ask a question fill in this quick and easy form. The webchat will appear in a live blog below that at 2.30pm.
There's a new blonde bombshell in town, and she's joining the Dallas drama!
Real Housewives of Dallas are getting to know newcomer Kameron Westcott, who joins fellow new Housewife D'Andra Simmons in trying to find a place among returning cast members Cary Deuber, Stephanie Hollman, LeeAnne Locken and Brandi Redmond.
Here are five things to know about Westcott.
1. She's a Dallas socialite.
The Westcott family is one of the wealthiest and most prominent in Dallas. Highly respected in the city's charity scene, she has a broad social circle that spans throughout the city.
“Kameron Westcott is a Dallas socialite. It's what Chris Rock always said: there's rich people and then there's the wealthy ones that write the rich people's checks. The Westcotts are wealthy,” Deuber explained on the premiere.
2. She's a California girl.
Although she now calls Dallas home, Westcott is originally from Montecito, California. After graduating from high school, she left the Santa Barbara area to attend Southern Methodist University, where she majored in fine arts.
3. She's a married mother of two.
At the age of 22, Westcott met her husband, Court, a venture capitalist who has made his money off of tech investments. The couple has been married for eight years now and lives with their two children — daughter Hilton, 6, and son Cruise, 3 — in a 7,500-sq.-ft. home in Dallas' most exclusive neighborhood, Highland Park.
4. She's practically a real-life Elle Woods from Legally Blonde.
If Reese Witherspoon‘s famous character Elle Woods were a real-life person, she would be Kameron Westcott. The socialite may have long blonde locks, but don't underestimate her intelligence! Westcott admittedly prefers to “use the blonde card” and has a blonde license plate, which she believes prompts fellow drivers to drive safely around her vehicle. And like the Legally Blonde character, Westcott also has a furry companion that accompanies her (in her purse) wherever she goes — a Yorkshire Terrier called Louis that she got before she met her husband.
“Kameron is like a real-life Elle Woods from Legally Blonde and she's happy in her world and I say more power to ya, sister,” Deuber shared.
5. She loves pink.
Westcott loves pink. From her clothes to her lipstick to her home, there's never enough pink for her. In fact, she loves pink so much that she's developing an organic and natural pink dog food line.
“I love pink. It's my way of taking myself out of reality. I mean, with all the horrible things that are happening in our world, I like to live in a bubble,” Westcott said. “I always say: blonde by birth, pink by choice.”
The Real Housewives of Dallas airs Mondays (10 p.m. ET) on Bravo.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Three people have been arrested in connection with a murder at Foxhill estate.
Police confirmed the arrests announcing that they are treating the death of a 27-year-old man on Sedgemoor Road on Sunday, August 14 as murder.
In a statement, a police spokesman said: "Enquiries into the death of a man in Bath last night are continuing.
"The 27-year-old man and two other people were assaulted at about 4.30pm in the Sedgemoor Road area of Bath.
"He died shortly afterwards.
"The two other people – a man and a woman – received minor injuries.
"The death of the man is being treated as a murder investigation.
"A post mortem is to be held to determine the cause of death.
"Three people – two men and a woman – have been arrested in connection with the incident and remain in police custody.
"Police cordons will remain in place for a number of days as the investigation continues.
"Police officers and police community support officers will be providing reassurance patrols in the area and also taking information from members of the public."
* Apple slips after revenue misses expectations
* ADP, Gilead drops after disappointing earning reports
* Yum, Delphi higher after reporting results
* Pvt employers added more jobs than expected in April
* Indexes down: Dow 0.19 pct, S&P 0.24 pct, Nasdaq 0.42 pct (Updates to open)
By Tanya Agrawal
May 3 Wall Street looked set to open lower on Wednesday, weighed down by Apple after the world's most valuable company by market value reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales.
Shares of Apple dropped nearly 2 percent to $144.75 after the company also forecast current-quarter revenue below estimates.
"The market is taking its cue from Apple," said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade in Chicago.
Automatic Data Processing fell 7 percent after its revenue missed expectations. Gilead dropped 2.3 percent after the drugmaker reported a lower-than-expected profit.
Anadarko Petroleum fell 9.1 percent. The stocks were among the biggest drags on the Nasdaq and S&P.
Strong corporate reports so far had resulted in estimates for first-quarter profit growth at S&P 500 companies increasing to 13.9 percent as of Tuesday, from an estimate of 10.4 percent growth two weeks back, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The strong earnings have also helped offset some fears about geopolitical tensions in the Korean peninsula, the lack of progress by the Trump administration in enacting its economic agenda as well as mixed economic data.
"Strong earnings are still driving the market. Not only are earnings good, the CEOs are painting a picture of continued earnings growth and this helps trump some of the other factors," said Kinahan.
At 9:39 a.m. ET (1339 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 40.41 points, or 0.19 percent, at 20,909.48.
The S&P 500 was down 5.94 points, or 0.24 percent, at 2,385.23 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 25.64 points, or 0.42 percent, at 6,069.73.
Ten of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, with the technology index's 0.55 percent fall leading the decliners.
Data last week showed the U.S. economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter. Since then, automakers have reported a drop in vehicle dales for March, which along with the drop in iPhone sales, have added to nerves.
The Federal Reserve could address GDP when it issues a statement at 2 p.m. ET, at the end of its two-day meeting on interest rates. While the central bank is expected to hold interest rates steady, it may hint it is on track for an increase in June.
An ADP report showed U.S. private employers added 177,000 jobs in April, slightly above economists' expectations.
The data come ahead of the U.S. Labor Department's more comprehensive non-farm payrolls report on Friday, which includes both public and private-sector employment.
Yum Brands rose 2.3 percent to $67.81 after the company's quarterly profit came in better than expected.
Delphi Automotive rose 8.2 percent to $84.89 after it gave a robust full-year earnings outlook.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,727 to 777. On the Nasdaq, 1,595 issues fell and 649 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 17 new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 40 new highs and 26 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
KhloÃ© Kardashian is planning to give birth in Los Angeles.
The 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' star - who is reportedly pregnant with her partner Tristan Thompson's baby - is also planning a "low-key" baby shower to celebrate the baby's impending arrival.
A source said: "KhloÃ© wants to give birth in Los Angeles. That's the plan right now. For Christmas, KhloÃ© wants to be with her family ... KhloÃ© seems very happy. She doesn't really talk about the baby. She hasn't had a baby shower yet, but has one scheduled. It'll be low-key like Kylie's."
The 33-year-old television personality is now deciding with Tristan where it is best they spend Christmas as he has a game with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Christmas Day.
The insider added to People magazine: "Tristan has a game on Christmas Day, so they are still deciding if they will celebrate together, or apart. Either way, they are spending New Year's together."
It comes after KhloÃ© gushed about how she feels "truly blessed" to have Tristan in her life.
She shared: "Believe me, I know how truly blessed I am. I thank God every day for this life. It's important to remember your blessings all year long, but Thanksgiving is a good time to take a moment and be appreciative.
"I am truly grateful for Tristan and all that he has brought into my life! He has been a huge positive influence on me and has given me a new level of happiness and love. I cannot tell you how much this centers me and keeps me sane throughout my life ... all that I have, I give THANKS to God (sic)"
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Oil analysts have grown more unsure that OPEC's supply cut will be enough to offset the increase in U.S. production and do not believe prices will reach $60 a barrel until early next year, according to a Reuters poll on Friday.
Brent crude LCOc1 is expected to average $57.25 per barrel in 2017, slightly lower than last month's forecast of $57.52, the poll of 32 economists and analysts showed.
Forecasts for Brent in 2017 range from a high of $73 by Raymond James to a low of $51 by Commerzbank.
Growing U.S. supply is expected to partly offset cuts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and their partners, said Rahul Prithiani, director at CRISIL Research.
"If U.S. producers keep on increasing output at the same pace then rebalancing in the oil markets is expected to get delayed beyond 2017," he said.
U.S. shale production is expected to rise by 109,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 4.96 million bpd in April, its biggest monthly increase since October, according to a U.S. Energy Information Administration report this month.
Analysts said OPEC's first accord on supply curbs since 2008 could be challenged by poor adherence from participants outside the group, even as OPEC states have been broadly compliant.
"Poor commitment from outside the group could threaten the remainder of the agreement as Saudi Arabia is pulling most of the weight, while Russia, which in many cases is a direct competitor, has failed to deliver the promised cuts," said Giorgos Beleris, analyst at Thomson Reuters Oil Research and Forecasts.
OPEC oil output is likely to fall for a third straight month in March, a Reuters survey found on Wednesday, as the United Arab Emirates made progress in trimming supplies.
Meanwhile, maintenance and unrest have hampered output from Nigeria and Libya, which are both exempt from the supply deal.
OPEC, which meets on May 25 in Vienna, pledged last year to reduce output by about 1.2 million bpd for the first half of 2017. Non-OPEC producers agreed to cut about half that amount.
Brent crude has fallen about 5 percent so far this month, the biggest percentage decline since July. Record high U.S. stocks have led speculators to cut holdings of U.S. crude oil futures and options to the lowest since December.
"The initial liquidation in net long positions is a concern; it reflects weaker market confidence in oil prices, amid rising U.S. shale investment and production," said Cailin Birch, an analyst at the Economist Intelligence Unit.
The risk of an even faster sell-off will be seen as a major risk by most oil-producing countries, providing further motivation for the OPEC deal to be extended, Birch added.
The Reuters survey forecast U.S. WTI crude futures CLc1 would average $55.29 a barrel in 2017, marginally lower than last month's forecast of $55.66.
(Additional reporting by Vijaykumar Vedala in Bengaluru; Editing by Amanda Cooper and Edmund Blair)
As you've likely heard by now, a total solar eclipse is scheduled to cross the U.S. on Aug. 21. As people excitedly make travel and viewing plans, we're left wondering what kind of preparation, if any, we need to protect our pets from this unusual event.
The top question is probably whether pets need to wear special sunglasses the way people do. Luckily, it's very unlikely that pets will look directly into the sun the way humans have been urged against.
“On a normal day, your pets don't try to look at the sun, and therefore don't damage their eyes. And on this day, they're not going to do it, either,” Angela Speck, director of astronomy and a professor of astrophysics at the University of Missouri, said at a recent NASA news conference.
That said, it's better to be safe than sorry. Looking directly at the sun normally or during a partial eclipse (the actual full eclipse is safe for viewing with the naked eye for about 2 minutes and 40 seconds for those skywatchers in the 70-mile-wide path of totality, according to Live Science) can cause eclipse blindness, which is a condition that occurs when the sun's rays burn the retina. For that reason, people are warned to wear protective eyewear, and it's not a bad idea to strap a pair of the glasses on your pet if you plan to take it out for a walk during the eclipse or if it often rests in a favorite sunny spot (and will tolerate the glasses).
Mike Reynolds, an astronomy professor at Florida State College in Jacksonville, Florida, said “safe solar viewing is always a must, no matter who it is” at the Northeast Astronomy Forum in April.
To that end, it makes the most sense to keep your pet indoors with the shades drawn, just in case — if for no other reason than protecting your dog or cat from the crowds that may gather outside during the solar event. Traffic and loud noises can cause pets to become anxious or act out, so the safety precautions pet owners take during the Fourth of July are a good, basic guide to follow for the eclipse as well.
For those with farm animals or other kinds of “exotic” pets, expect a variety of reactions. Speck noted that animals like cows, horses or goats might mistake the eclipse for nighttime and head back into their barns.
According to CNN, chickens might huddle together and birds may start chirping as if they're getting ready to go to bed, as may insects and frogs, which typically make noise during summer nights. Additionally, if you're an ant farm owner, a Victorian era scientist noted that ants that were “busily carrying their burdens, stopped and remained motionless till the light reappeared.”
Finally, the National Park Service recommends not traveling with pets during the eclipse.
LJUBLJANA, April 12 Slovenia's central bank said on Wednesday it expects further strong export growth, the main driver of the country's economy, and lower unemployment based on favourable economic prospects in the international environment.
"The economy remains on the rise at the start of this year as economic confidence is at a high level, labour market and domestic spending are strengthening and exports increased strongly in January," the bank said in a report on Wednesday.
In January Slovenian exports rose by 13.8 percent year-on-year which was the steepest growth in 5.5 years [D:nL5N1GN2PM]. Last week the statistics office reported that exports rose by 4.6 percent year-on-year in February.
The bank said the number of workers from abroad is on the rise, as well, compensating for the emigration of Slovenian citizens who are moving mostly to wealthier European Union states.
"If such trends continue the excess supply of labour could be exhausted in the medium-term," the bank said.
The statistics office said on Monday the jobless rate in 2016 fell to 8 percent from 9 percent a year before and was the lowest in the past six years.
The bank pointed out that the rise of labour productivity was small last year and was lagging behind the increase of labour costs.
Slovenia, which narrowly avoided an international bailout for its banks in 2013, returned to growth a year later and the government expects the economy to expand by 3.6 percent this year from 2.5 percent in 2016.
The country exports about 70 percent of its production, mainly to other European Union states. The main exports include cars and car parts, pharmaceuticals and household appliances. (Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
* Caixabank 50 pct profit rise to 403 mln euros
* Bankia 28 pct profit rise to 304 mln euros
* Sabadell 14 pct profit fall to 216 mln euros
* Caixabank's shares up 2 pct, Bankia's flat (Updates share prices)
By Jesús Aguado and Angus Berwick
MADRID, April 28 Spanish banks outstripped first-quarter profit forecasts on Friday and Caixabank improved its income from loans, a key revenue driver which remains a concern for Bankia.
Caixabank, Bankia and Banco Sabadell all recorded lower bad loan ratios at the end of March and increased fees from the sale of financial products, such as insurance.
A solid economic recovery in Spain and a property rebound has allowed most Spanish lenders to reduce toxic balance sheets faster than peers in Italy, boosting investor confidence as Spanish bank shares trade at close to year-highs.
Caixabank, Spain's third largest lender, posted a near 50 percent rise in profit from a year before in its first results to include Portugal's BPI, which it bought in February to offset falling profitability in its main Spanish market.
Its net interest income (NII), a key measure of earnings on loans minus deposit costs, was 1.15 billion euros ($1.25 billion), up 13 percent from a year ago and 7 percent from the previous three months, bucking the trend of shrinking margins.
"Retail banking activity has fallen but corporate banking is allowing us to compensate for other trends, above all lower interest rates which have affected our mortgage loan book," Caixabank CEO Gonzalo Gortazar told reporters in Barcelona.
Profit at state-owned Bankia rose by 28 percent as the hit to its lending income, which fell both against the previous year and quarter, was outweighed by a jump in trading gains.
Caixabank shares were up 2.3 percent at 1135 GMT having risen 16 percent over the last three months. Bankia and Sabadell shares were flat after both hitting year-highs this week.
EARNINGS FROM LOANS
Banco Sabadell, Spain's fifth largest bank, also topped forecasts although its profit fell by 14 percent from the year before on higher provisions for bad loans. Its NII shrunk 1 percent from the year before.
Earlier this week, larger peers Banco Santander and BBVA notched up healthy profit gains in what analysts have a called a good quarter for Spanish banks, though they cautioned that problems remain.
"All three Spanish banks have delivered bottom-line beats but helped by large trading results and one-off gains," Jefferies analyst Benjie Creelan-Sandford wrote in a note.
"NII is the key focus and while numbers here were broadly in line, the continued decline in asset yields should be cause for concern for future expectations."
Bankia still has 2 billion euros of unproductive assets on its books, CEO Jose Sevilla told reporters in Madrid, and it expects to reduce them by 20 percent each year.
In March, the Spanish government gave the green light to merger talks between Bankia and fellow nationalized lender Banco Mare Nostrum (BMN), and it plans to privatize both by 2019.
Caixabank's takeover of BPI, Portugal's second largest listed lender, contributed to a 90 basis point drop in its capital ratio, while Bankia's rose to 13.37 percent, the highest among Spain's large banks.
CEO Gortazar said on Friday the bank was not considering any more acquisitions and would continue with its cost cutting plan.
($1 = 0.9200 euros) (Editing by Alexander Smith and Elaine Hardcastle)
He told reporters: "We're very concerned that with tripwires a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something."
Hundreds of agents from the FBI and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms have joined the investigation, and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $115,000.
Fred Milanowski, agent in charge of the Houston division of ATF, said the latest explosive device was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail.
"It was a thin wire or filament, kind of like fishing line," he said. "It would have been very difficult for someone to see."
Milanowski said authorities have checked 500-plus leads since the bombings began and that there have been "persons of interest" in the cases, though they have so far not led to much.
Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people.
The latest victims — ages 22 and 23 — suffered what police called significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition.
The attack happened in the southwestern Austin neighbourhood of Travis Country. That is far from the sites of the earlier bombings, which took place east of Interstate 35 and killed a 39-year-old man and a 17-year-old boy and wounded two other people.
The highway has traditionally been seen as a dividing line between the city's more affluent west side and more heavily minority areas to its east. That gave rise to suspicions from police early on that the attacks might be racially motivated.
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts. University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger, saying, "We must look out for one another." None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin.
The PGA's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday, and dozens of the world's top golfers are set to begin arriving.
Fear spread well beyond the blast site.
"This makes me sick," said Andrew Zimmerman, 44, a coffee shop worker on the west side. He said the use of a tripwire adds a "new level" of suspected professionalism that makes it harder to guard against such attacks.
"That's what scares me a little bit," he added.
UPS and FedEx alone made more than 3.2 billion deliveries to U.S. homes last year, more than double from just 10 years ago, according to the industry research firm ShipMatrix.
Erin Mays, 33, recently moved from Los Angeles to the Austin area. Mays said she routinely gets six to eight packages delivered to her door every week and also uses grocery delivery services.
"Everybody talks about how dangerous L.A. is and Austin is supposed to be safer. It's creepy," Mays said. "I'm not a scared person, but this feels very next-door-neighbour kind of stuff."
Associated Press writer Jim Vertuno contributed to this report.
The Associated Press
The Associated Press
In the medal match, Brown knocked down 12 points and nabbed 5 boards while Hall was tenacious on defence. The speedy, scrappy point guard dished out four assists and popped 10 points in the bronze medal game.
Canadian coach Carly Clarke praised the play of Hamilton's Hall and Brown.
"Hailey was a contributor on both ends of the court and was particularly impactful in the bronze medal game," said Clarke.
"While Hanna struggled to make a shot all tournament she remained confident and resilient and brought her tenacity defence despite some of her offensive struggles.
"Then in the bronze medal game she was able to relax a little more offensively and knocked down some big shots throughout the game."
At the medal ceremony the Canadian kids grinned from ear to ear as the bronze medal was draped around their neck.
"Playing for my country and wearing this jersey across my chest has taught me what it means to play for something bigger than myself," said Hall.
Both young women have hung up their Canadian kit. For now.
Each has moved on to a new stage in their academic and athletic careers.
"I am looking forward to taking on the next chapter in my life as an NCAA D1 basketball player (SUNY at Buffalo)," said Hall.
"I am excited about the challenge that comes with being a freshman and competing against the best of the best."
In a Buffalo Bulls news release, head coach Felisha Legette-Jack said, "We are very excited to have Hanna Hall join our Buffalo family. She is a general on the court that has a pass first mentality. She has a great awareness of angles on defence."
Michigan Wolverines head coach Kim Barnes Arico has followed Brown's career since she was 14 and is clearly delighted to have inked the talented six-foot-two post player.
"Hailey has a natural feel for the game and sees things developing two steps ahead of other players," said Barnes Arico.
"She is a high character kid and "Michigan kid." She has a high appreciation for the Michigan education as well as playing ball at the highest level."
Clearly, the future is bright for Canada Basketball with quality kids like Hanna Hall and Hailey Brown in the stable.
Cecelia Carter Smith is a former four-time Canadian champion and indoor world record holder in track and a member of the Hamilton Sports Hall of Fame and Hamilton Gallery of Distinction
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
ANSONIA — Fire, EMS and law enforcement units from across Darke County were summoned to the scene of a 3-alarm house fire Tuesday afternoon in Ansonia.
Dark, billowing smoke from the blaze at the 9900 block of Detling Road could be seen from miles away as the residence became fully engulfed in flames.
Fire units from Ansonia, Burkettsville, Greenville, Greenville Township, Union City and Versailles responded to the scene at approximately 2 p.m. Ansonia and Greenville Township Rescue squads and Darke County Sheriff's deputies also were on hand to assist.
A continual stream of tanker trucks transported water to the scene. Authorities provided no information regarding fatalities or injuries resulting from the fire. WDTN-2 reported fire officials saying the home was “a total loss.”
A spokesperson for the Ansonia Fire Department said an investigator from the State Fire Marshal's Office arrived late Tuesday afternoon to examine the scene. The cause of the blaze remains under investigation.
Union City firefighters take a breather after battling a residential fire at the 9900 block of Detling Road, Ansonia. First responders from multiple jurisdictions arrived to fight the blaze. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_IMG_6485-FIRE.jpg Union City firefighters take a breather after battling a residential fire at the 9900 block of Detling Road, Ansonia. First responders from multiple jurisdictions arrived to fight the blaze. Firefighters attempt to douse the fire at a home on Detling Road in Ansonia. Flames were seen shooting through the roof of the structure. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_IMG_6482-FIRE.jpg Firefighters attempt to douse the fire at a home on Detling Road in Ansonia. Flames were seen shooting through the roof of the structure. A fire tanker supplies water to firefighters seeking to put out a blaze Tuesday afternoon at the 9900 block of Detling Road, Ansonia. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_IMG_6476-FIRE.jpg A fire tanker supplies water to firefighters seeking to put out a blaze Tuesday afternoon at the 9900 block of Detling Road, Ansonia.
Authorities are investigating cause
By Erik Martin emartin@dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
The writer may be reached at 937-569-4314. Join the conversation and get updates on Facebook search Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com
Rugby-Care believes flexible England can target World Cup
June 14 Scrumhalf Danny Care believes adopting a different style of play depending on the match situation, much as England did in the thrilling 38-34 win over Argentina in San Juan on Saturday, will increase the side's chances of lifting the next World Cup.
Actress Brigitte Nielsen announced on Instagram that she is pregnant with her fifth child at the age of 54.
The Rocky IV actress posted two photos on Instagram showing off her baby bump. Nielsen, who is also known for roles in movies such as Red Sonja and Beverly Hills Cop II, also worked as a model for legendary designers such as Giorgio Armani, Gianni Versace and Gianfranco Ferré.
“Family getting larger #me #family #brigittenielsen #babybump,” one of the captions said.
Nielsen is married to 39-year-old Mattia Dessi, a producer.
Nielsen has been married five times and has four sons, according to People Magazine. Her sons are 23, 25, 28 and 34.
NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING
The Charter Township of Orion Zoning Board of Appeals will hold a public hearing on Monday, July 23, 2018 at 7:00 pm in the lower level of the Orion Township Hall, 2525 Joslyn Road, Lake Orion, Michigan 48360, on the following matter:
AB-2018- 23, William D. Schulert, 225 Coats Rd., 09-06-251-013
The petitioner is requesting two (2) variances from Zoning Ordinance No. 78, Article 27, Section 27.02 (1/2 acre to 1 acre):
1. A 600 sq. ft variance above the allowed 1,300 sq. ft. Total Maximum Floor Area of All Accessory Buildings to build a 1,350 sq. ft. detached garage for a total of 1,900 sq. ft. of all Accessory Buildings.
2. A 450 sq. ft. variance above the allowed 900 sq. ft. Maximum Floor Area of Detached Accessory Buildings to build a 1,350 sq. ft. detached garage.
You may send correspondence regarding this case to the Orion Township Hall, addressed to the Zoning Board of Appeals, or you may attend the public hearing to express your views and/or concerns.
A complete copy of the proposed ZBA application is on file in the Planning & Zoning Department and may be examined during normal business hours, 8:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday through Friday, until the date of the public hearing.
Orion Township will provide necessary and reasonable auxiliary aids, and services for individuals with disabilities at the public hearing upon advance notice by writing or calling Penny S. Shults, Township Clerk, 2525 Joslyn Road, Lake Orion, Michigan 48360; (248) 391-0304, ext. 4001. Please contact the Clerk's office at least 72 hours in advance of the public hearing.
Loren Yaros, Chairman
Zoning Board of Appeals
Charter Township of Orion
MADRID, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spanish property developer Metrovacesa cut its listing price late on Thursday and delayed its stock market flotation by one day in a negative sign for one of the sectors that has attracted most investor activity in Spain in recent years.
The company, which owns the largest land bank in Spain, cut its listing price to 16.5-17 euros per share from 18-19.5 euros, it said in a statement to the market regulator, without giving a reason.
It will list on Feb. 6, it said, one day later than planned. The new listing price values the company at up to 2.57 billion euros, below its net asset value of 2.69 billion euros.
Residential construction in Spain is thriving with foreign investment pouring into developments in cities and coastal resorts, a decade after a property bubble burst leaving banks laden with developers' bad loans.
House builder Neinor Homes listed last year, the first flotation by a Spanish residential builder in a decade.
Metrovacesa was taken over by creditors Santander and BBVA in 2009. The banks are selling stock in the company as part of the listing although they will remain majority shareholders.
Just under a fifth of its assets are in the northeastern region of Catalonia which embarked on an independence drive from Spain in October, plunging the country into its worst political crisis in decades.
BBVA, Santander, Deutsche Bank and Morgan Stanley are acting as the joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners for the offer.
Goldman Sachs and Société Générale are acting as additional joint bookrunners, the company said in the statement. (Reporting by Sonya Dowsett; editing by Jason Neely)
FRANKFURT It is too early to discuss an exit from the European Central Bank's stimulus programme, ECB rate setter Vitas Vasiliauskas told the Wall Street Journal.
"It is too early to discuss an exit because still we have a lot of significant uncertainties," Vasiliauskas, who is also the head of Lithuania's central bank, said in an interview published on Wednesday.
"I think the recovery of inflation is still fragile. First of all, we have to end purchases and only then we can discuss other actions."
(Reporting By Francesco Canepa; Editing by Catherine Evans)
April 20People.cn Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 0.45 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
* It changed CFO to Wei Rongfang from Li Qi, due to Li Qi's resignation
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/GYKPMX
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A: I'm the 19th president of this organization. While we are proud of all of the work we have done in the past, we always have to ask ourselves: What's next? What's new? It's not just the digital revolution, but the fragmentation of media, artificial intelligence. That changes how we think about the work, how we build insights, how we create content. But the magic in our business has not disappeared. Big, creative ideas are as important as ever before.
Q: With everything from cord cutting to digital platforms disrupting traditional media, how does the traditional ad agency adapt and evolve?
A: So many people in our industry complain about media fragmentation. I love it for two reasons. One, we have so many more ways of expressing ourselves, so many more canvases we can put our ideas against. Before, it was your traditional TV spot. Now you have Facebook ads, you have an Instagram feed — you have so many different things. For us, it's a much better challenge and a much bigger opportunity.
Secondly, because of the fragmentation, we have to create better work. Because you don't have to watch what we produce. So our standard of doing relevant work is higher than ever before.
Q: Nineteenth-century Philadelphia department store pioneer John Wanamaker coined an advertising maxim that still resonates: "Half my advertising is wasted; I just don't know which half." Do we have a better idea of what works in the digital age?
A: Yes. Because of big data and some of the progress in scientific advertising, we understand the return on investment better than before. But I think the digital revolution had a lot of overpromise, and a lot of the digital media didn't comply with our high expectation on transparency. But overall I think we have a much better understanding of what creative works and what doesn't.
Q: Use of ad-blocking software grew 30 per cent last year, according to Irish consulting firm PageFair. How do you overcome the latest technological obstacle to getting your ads viewed online?
A: It's just a bigger challenge to us to do better work that people are willing to watch and consume and engage with. We cannot waste people's time; we have to create something that's meaningful and relevant and engages them emotionally. That's our job every day.
Chicago Tribune
Some of the most-seen, easiest-to-recognize fonts in the world are the fonts in famous logos. At the same time, almost no one knows the names of logo fonts. You can probably visualize the Netflix font, but can you name it? What about the Instagram font? Microsoft?
Designer and teacher Emanuele Abrate was tired of these fonts not getting their due, so he decided to rectify the situation by redesigning several famous logos with the name of the font in place of the name of the brand. Take a look at 10 of his reimainged logos (look for the arrows on the side of the image to scroll between them):
It's amazing how easy it is to recognize each logo, even without the brand name. "Every time I see a logo, I wonder how it was conceived, how it was designed, what kind of typeface was used and why," Abrate told Co.Design. Now we're going to start doing the same thing.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
WASHINGTON It would not be a bad idea for the European Central Bank and other central banks to follow the U.S. Federal Reserve's example and change course away from an ultra-accommodative monetary policy, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said.
Speaking on the sidelines of International Monetary Fund meetings in Washington, Schaeuble said the ultra-loose monetary policies in place in many areas of the world were not helpful.
"It is encouraging undue risk-taking, political complacency, capital misallocation and asset price bubbles," he added.
"The Fed has initiated the exit from loose monetary policy. It wouldn't be a bad idea, if the European Central bank and others were to start following this example," he said.
Three ECB policymakers said on Wednesday - days before a tense French presidential election and the ECB's own policy meeting - that prospects for the euro zone economy had improved but the time to withdraw support has not yet come.
Investors are on tenterhooks before Sunday's first round vote in France, where two of the four leading candidates are threatening to leave the European Union and the euro currency.
Any turmoil in the bond market after the French vote would push up borrowing costs for countries and companies - undoing some of the stimulus the ECB is providing - and even raise questions about the euro's survival.
While stressing that the ECB, and not the German government, sets monetary policy for the euro zone, Schaeuble added: "It is true that the euro being undervalued, from a German perspective, benefits our exporters."
German officials have said Schaeuble and his delegation will stress the importance of globalization and free trade for growth at the talks in Washington this week, as well as the need for reforms to increase resilience against future shocks.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Alison Williams)
"(Roethlisberger) won the Super Bowl two times and played in three, so he's definitely a premier quarterback," Suggs said. "We've got to be better."
Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco went 20 of 35 for 269 yards with touchdown tosses to Chris Moore and Patrick Ricard, along with an interception. Alex Collins rushed for 120 yards and a touchdown, and Javorius Allen also scored twice for the Ravens, who are vying for their seventh playoff berth in 10 seasons.
"We just have to swallow this one, let it go and wait for the next three games," linebacker C.J. Mosley said. "We're still in it. We just have to make sure that we handle our business so we can try to get back ultimately for the playoffs."
The Steelers accumulated 144 yards of total offence and scored a pair of touchdowns on their first two series, racing to an early 14-0 lead. But the Ravens recovered, outscoring Pittsburgh 31-6 — including 17-0 in the third quarter to build a 31-20 lead heading into the fourth.
The Steelers didn't punt once in the first half, but their first three drives of the second half totalled 21 yards and all ended with punts.
"We know that you can never take your foot off the gas when you're playing this team," Baltimore safety Eric Weddle said. "We played outstanding in the third quarter, and then they just get on these runs that we can't dig ourselves out of. You can't do that against any team, let alone one of the best quarterbacks to ever do it."
Roethlisberger led the Steelers to points on their last four possessions.
"We just didn't execute in the fourth quarter," Suggs said. "This team is built to finish in the fourth quarter. We can't let it put a damper on our season."
By Dan Scifo, The Associated Press
China's increasingly powerful central bank has a new boss: Yi Gang. He replaces veteran governor Zhou Xiaochuan, whose 15 years at the helm of the bank witnessed a remarkable expansion in the Chinese economy's size and global clout.
Yi has been a strong supporter of Zhou's efforts to tackle risks plaguing the Chinese financial system and push ahead with market reforms. As a result, the appointment of Yi has been widely interpreted by analysts as a sign of continuity for China's increasingly complex economy and financial system.
"The main task right now is to implement prudent monetary policy, push forward financial sector reform and opening up, and keep the financial sector stable," Yi was quoted by Reuters news agency as saying.
60-year-old Yi is no new face to central banking; he has over two decades of experience at the PBoC and became deputy governor of the bank in 2007. But unlike his predecessors, Yi lacks experience in Chinese industry or politics and is not regarded as a political heavyweight like Zhou.
Experienced central banker
Born in March 1958 in Beijing, Yi built his career as a technocrat and scholar with an academic background in macroeconomics.
Watch video 01:39 Share Trump tariffs threaten trade Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uKz8 Trump tariffs threaten trade
He lived for over a decade in the US, where he earned a PhD in economics from the University of Illinois and then a tenured faculty position at Indiana University. He later returned to China to take a position at Peking University and then moved to the PBoC in 1997.
At the central bank, Yi is seen as instrumental in steering monetary and currency policy, including the landmark devaluation of the yuan in 2015 and more recently a tightening of capital controls. Critics, however, point out that the 2015 move to change the yuan fixing mechanism turned out to be a blunder.
"Admittedly, there have been a few blunders under Yi's watch. In particular, he and other senior figures at the PBoC seemingly failed to foresee how a change to the renminbi fixing mechanism in August 2015 would be interpreted by investors," said Julian Evans-Pritchard, Senior China Economist at Capital Economics, a London-based economics research consultancy.
"Yi then struggled to contain the damage at the emergency press conferences that followed," he wrote in a research note. "But he has since become a better communicator and the PBoC has become more adept at managing market expectations," the expert added.
Tough challenges
Yi's appointment comes at a time when the Chinese leadership handed the central bank the authority to write rules for much of the financial sector, in a bid to strengthen financial oversight and regulation. The decision places the PBoC at the heart of the new regulatory structure for finance in China.
The PBoC also manages China's massive pile of foreign exchange reserves — the world's largest, amounting some $3 trillion (€2.43 trillion) — making it a major player in global currency markets.
Zhou Xiaochuan is retiring after a record 15 years as head of China's central bank
Furthermore, the central bank's importance in the global financial policy landscape has been on the rise in recent years. Policymakers in other countries are increasingly paying attention to statements and decisions made by the PBoC with regard to monetary policy, inflation, exchange rates and forex reserves, among other things.
One of Yi's major concerns will be tackling China's soaring debt levels. Organizations like the International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimate China's overall debt figure to be about 234 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) and predict it to rise to 300 percent by 2022. Corporate debt currently stands at around 165 percent of GDP, estimated to be the highest in the world, and household debt is also spiraling upward at a rapid pace.
Furthermore, systemic risks to the financial system have grown over the past several years due to the expanding role of the shadow-banking industry. As a result, China is seen as one of the economies most vulnerable to a banking crisis, although Beijing has repeatedly assured that the risks are under control.
Read more:
US trade groups warn against higher tariffs
Will China's high debt levels spark a financial crisis?
No independence
Despite the challenges, experts believe the new central bank chief will be more limited in his ability to shape monetary and financial policies. That's because the PBoC — unlike central banks like the Federal Reserve — is not an independent body and the governor has limited influence in setting the direction of policy. The State Council dictates policy and has to sign off on any PBoC decision related to interest rates, forex, money supply and other important matters before they are implemented.
And it's unlikely that the PBoC will become formally independent any time soon. On Monday, China's ceremonial legislature also approved the nomination of President Xi Jinping's influential adviser Liu He, a Harvard-educated Communist Party official who as vice premier is expected to oversee the financial and economic sectors.
Both Liu and Yi are expected to handle the currently tense trade relationship with the US, where the administration of President Donald Trump is considering imposing new tariffs on Chinese imports in the coming months. At the same time, the Federal Reserve is projected to hike its benchmark interest rate as the US economic recovery continues. The impact of these policies will be felt in China and the PBoC may be forced to come up with appropriate countermeasures.
DETROIT, April 6 General Motors Co is maintaining its 2017 earnings forecast in another strong year for new U.S. light-vehicle sales, a top executive said on Thursday.
Chief Financial Officer Chuck Stevens told investors and analysts in a conference call that the company still forecasts full-year earnings per share of $6.00 to $6.50. He said GM still expected U.S. new light-vehicle sales for the industry at around 17.5 million units, after a record 17.55 million in 2016. (Reporting by Nick Carey; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
× Jury rules in favor of Taylor Swift in groping case
After nearly four hours of deliberation, a jury ruled in favor of pop star Taylor Swift in her countersuit against former radio host David Mueller for alleged assault and battery.
Swift accused Mueller of groping her at a meet-and-greet event in June 2013. He will be required to pay $1 in damages to Swift.
The jury, comprised of six women and two men, also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, not liable for tortious interference.
After the reading of the verdict, Swift embraced her mother.
In a statement, Swift thanked the judge and her legal team for “fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault.”
“I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this,” Swift added in the statement, obtained by CNN. “My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.”
Mueller had sued Swift, the singer's mom Andrea Swift, and radio promotions director Frank Bell in 2015, accusing them of interfering with his $150,000/year contract as a local morning radio DJ in Denver by pressuring his employer, KYGO radio, to fire him.
Bell was also found not liable for tortious interference.
Swift was dismissed as a defendant in Mueller's suit on Friday after a judge ruled that there was insufficient evidence to show that Swift had acted improperly.
Swift's lawsuit against Mueller argued that the trial would “serve as an example to other women who may resist publicly reliving similar outrageous and humiliating acts.”
After the verdict, Swift's attorney, Doug Baldridge, said the ruling was “not just a win” but “something that can make a difference.”
“It takes people like Taylor, wonderful people like Taylor, who we all know, to stand up and draw these lines,” he told the press.
He added: “As I said in the closing [argument], that dollar, that single dollar, is of immeasurable value in this ever going fight to figure out where the lines are, what's right and what's wrong.”
The trial
The civil trial began August 8 and included four days of testimony.
Mueller testified on Tuesday, claiming he had not inappropriately touched Swift during the 2013 photo-op. Instead, he said that he had simply touched her arm and ribs while “jostling” for the photo.
Swift testified on Thursday, delivering a confident and assertive account of the incident that led to the legal proceedings and rejected Mueller's characterization of the event.
“This was not jostling,” Swift said. “He did not touch my rib. He did not touch my arm. … He grabbed my bare ass.”
Swift's mother testified that her daughter was visibly upset after the incident.
“Mom, a guy just grabbed my (rear end) in the meet and greet,” Andrea Swift said her famous daughter told her.
“I wanted to vomit and cry at the same time,” Andrea Swift said.
The photo
A photo of Swift, Mueller, and Mueller's then-girlfriend, Shannon Melcher, at the 2013 event was referenced several times during the trial. A key point of disagreement between the two sides was the positioning of Mueller's hand, which was hidden from view in the photo and positioned below Swift's lower back.
Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, claimed the photo did not show any inappropriate touching, and asked Swift while she was on the stand why her skirt did not appear ruffled in the front.
“Because my ass is located in the back of my body,” Swift said.
Swift's bodyguard Greg Dent and photographer Stephanie Simbeck, who took the photo of Mueller and Swift at the meet-and-greet, both claimed they'd witnessed the groping.
Melcher, and Mueller's former radio co-host, Ryan Kliesch also testified during the trial, saying they had never seen Mueller act disrespectfully toward or inappropriately touch women.
At the end of the meet-and-greet, Swift reported the incident her mother and her management team.
Swift's radio promotions director, Bell, told Mueller's bosses at KYGO, and Mueller was fired two days later after the station conducted its own investigation. (KYGO is a CNN affiliate.)
Mueller testified that he did not grope Swift and said his career in radio had been ruined by what he said was a false accusation.
Mueller was seeking more than $257,500 in damages, according to his attorney's closing arguments.
CNN's Scott McLean and Sara Weisfeldt reported from Denver and Sandra Gonzalez wrote from Los Angeles. CNN's Topher Gauk-Roger, Eric Levenson Steve Almasy, Kristen Holmes and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report.
TOKYO, March 31 Japan's industrial output rose 2.0 percent in February from the previous month for the fastest pace of increase in eight months, government data showed on Friday, in a sign that final demand is picking up.
That was more than the median estimate for a 1.2 percent rise and followed a revised 0.4 percent decline in January, data from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) showed.
Manufacturers surveyed by the ministry expect output to fall 2.0 percent in March and rise 8.3 percent in April, the data showed.
For the full tables on METI's website: here
For more background, please see this PREVIEW (Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
Chris Lackner
“You don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows,” Bob Dylan sang. But these days, a guide through the seemingly endless flurry of pop culture offerings is just what we need. With that in mind, here is what's on the radar screen in TV, music and film for the coming week.
MOVIES
Big releases on Aug. 18: The Hitman's Bodyguard.
Big picture: Variations on the odd-couple, buddy-cop action comedy all feel tired and exhausted. However, the “Samuel L. Jackson looks bug-eyed while shouting and swearing constantly” genre has seemingly limitless energy. Enter The Hitman's Bodyguard, in which a renowned protection agent (Ryan Reynolds) is tasked with guarding the life of his arch-enemy — an infamous assassin (Jackson). Killers, gunfights and high-speed chases are played for laughs, but most humour is found at Jackson's expense. Reynold's hero takes the hitman — and the actor's own one-note persona — to task with lines like, “He has single-handedly ruined the word motherf—–.” and “Why are we always yelling?” Gary Oldman steals scenes as a vicious Eastern European dictator.
Forecast: It's mid-August and the must-see blockbusters are behind us. Go outside. Moviegoers will save this one for a rainy day, so the studio execs may be the only ones praying for more summer rain.
TV
Big events: Marvel's The Defenders (Aug. 18, Netflix); Marlon (Aug. 16, NBC).
Big picture: This Netflix original unites the gritty, adult Marvel heroes from their own respective series. When lawyer Matthew Murdoch (a.k.a. Daredevil) bails supercharged detective Jessica Jones out of custody, a fearsome foursome begins to assemble. Next comes “Harlem's hero” Luke Cage and, last and definitely least (at least in terms of critic and fan reaction), “the immortal Ironfist.” This comic-book drama promises a war for New York. Expect a healthy combination of ass-kicking and wisecracking, and higher stakes than on any of the hero's solo shows. When the good guys team up, the bad guys need to get wildly bigger and badder. Just watch an Avengers movie.
Meanwhile, Marlon continues the seemingly endless trend of semi-autobiographical sitcoms named after the first or last name of their lead comedian. Is it too much to ask comedians to act? You know … to pretend to be someone else? Tired of making tiresome Wayans Bros. comedy movies (see Scary Movie 1 through 2, White Chicks etc.), Marlon Wayans plays a divorced dad and minor-league curser (at least in comparison to Samuel L Jackson).
Forecast: The Defenders are the real fantastic four and will make you wish more Marvel and DC superheroes could be serialized on the small screen after taking off their kiddie gloves.
Honourable mention: Bachelor in Paradise (Aug. 14, ABC/City). The “paradise” should be in quotation marks given the dark cloud hanging over this show's fourth season, which had to halt production due to an investigation into a controversial sexual encounter between two contestants. Two producers filed complaints, questioning whether a female participant gave consent. Hmmm. A morally questionable franchise based on attractive, fame-hungry people being isolated in paradisiacal locations and encouraged to be sexy, drink heavily, hook up with multiple partners and compete for camera time. What could go wrong?
MUSIC
Big release on Aug. 18: Grizzly Bear (Painted Ruins).
Big picture: When Grizzly Bear broke through the indie-band clutter around 2006, I had initially hoped they were a band of musically trained animals. Years later, I've got over my deep disappointment. The talented group's first album in four years is worth the wait. Their lo-fi psych folk is the perfect swan song to summer with its heady mix of synth, loops, guitar fuzz and genre-bending percussion.
Forecast: You may recall their 2009 hit, Two Weeks, every time you see a Volkswagen. I predict at least one car-commercial track will emerge off Painted Ruins (though, thankfully for automobile makers, there's no title track).
Honourable mention: Ray Wylie Hubbard (Tell the Devil I'm Gettin' There as Fast as I Can). It takes an old-guard, venerable country singer to come up with this kind of album title. Johnny Cash and Merle Haggard would be proud.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Tension and compression often meld into each another. In this building, two volumes are interwoven by strong connecting rods, extended columns and daring beams, with one of the two seemingly suspended from the other. With its mass and swirled dynamism, the suspended volume (that we will call Lila) seems to be slipping away from the one that is holding it up (that we will call Elena) making it extend and stretch as if it was Lila that was shaping Elena and providing her with her dynamic energy... — The Paris Review
Science has possibly found a way to provide drinkable water to millions of people in need around the world.
The new device was developed by a team of scientists at Massachusetts Institute of Technology & the University of California. The prototype is able to convert the humidity in the air into drinkable liquid water by the use of a special metal-organic framework that traps air inside it's miniscule pores.
When the sunlight heats up the device, the water molecules are released and then condensed, producing many litres of water approximately every 12 hours.
“It takes water from the air and it captures it,” said MIT mechanical engineer Evelyn Wang. “It doesn't have to be this complicated system that requires some kind [of] refrigeration cycle.” “Now we can get to regions that really are pretty dry, arid regions. We can provide them with a device, and they can use it pretty simply.”
While there are companies such as Water-Gen and EcoloBlue that already have atmospheric water generators that create water from the air, the massive difference between their devices and this new prototype is that this device is able to produce water in low humidity environments without the need of an energy source, potentially providing aid to areas that are very dry and also without proper infrastructure.
If the device proves to be operational and goes into production, it could provide relief to many areas of famine around the world.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump acknowledged Wednesday the furor over a racist Twitter post made by Roseanne Barr, but focused on an apology issued by ABC instead of the offensive content of the television star's remarks.
"Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that 'ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr," he said on Twitter. "Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?"
It was unclear what Trump meant by "horrible statements" on ABC.
It was the first time the president, who previously had called Barr to congratulate her on the success of her sitcom's reboot, had weighed in on the fallout over her Twitter post.
But Trump did not acknowledge the specifics of what Barr wrote and later deleted on Tuesday, in reference to Valerie Jarrett, a former senior adviser to former president Barack Obama.
Jarrett said Tuesday that Robert A. Iger, chief executive of the Walt Disney Co., ABC's corporate parent, had personally called her to apologize for the Twitter post before it was publicly announced that Barr's sitcom had been cancelled.
Barr has been vocal in her support of Trump and wanted the revival of her eponymous sitcom to address some of the divisive political issues facing the United States. In the aftermath of her show's cancellation, she has since apologized, blaming the Twitter posts in part on medication.
"I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans," she wrote. "I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste."
In another Twitter post that has since been deleted, Barr asked her supporters to not defend her comments. "It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible," she wrote.
The makers of Ambien, a sleep aid, immediately pushed back on Barr's excuse.
UPDATE 1-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
FILE PHOTO -- Former Texas Governor Rick Perry testifies before a Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing on his nomination to be Energy secretary at Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., January 19, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
ROME U.S. energy secretary Rick Perry has said nothing about the U.S. backpedaling on climate change commitments, French Minister of Ecology, Sustainable Development and Energy Segolene Royal said on Monday.
In March U.S. President Donald Trump signed an order to undo Obama-era climate change regulations, keeping a campaign promise to support the coal industry.
The order called into question U.S. support for an international deal to fight global warming, prompting environmental groups to call it dangerous and against the global trend toward cleaner energy technologies.
"Contacts with the new minister are very friendly," she said, adding the U.S. administration was in the process of elaborating its new policies.
Segolene Royal was speaking on the sidelines of a G7 meeting on energy in Rome.
(Reporting by Stephen Jewkes and Alberto Sisto)
* Toronto home prices up 31.7 pct in April
* New listings up 33.6 pct, sales down 3.2 pct
* Home Capital shares down 6.5 percent (Adds Home Capital share price)
By Andrea Hopkins and Leah Schnurr
OTTAWA, May 3 Toronto home prices and new listings surged in April while sales fell, data showed on Wednesday, suggesting the market may be starting to rebalance after new rules were introduced to address fears of a housing bubble in Canada's largest city.
The Toronto Real Estate Board (TREB) said its home price index jumped 31.7 percent in April from a year earlier, while new listings rose 33.6 percent and sales dipped 3.2 percent.
Last month, the provincial government introduced a 15 percent tax on property purchases by foreign buyers as part of 16 measures designed to cool Toronto's red-hot housing market.
While TREB said it was too early to say whether the rise in new listings was in response to the new rules or sellers reacting to the recent surge in prices, the market will rebalance if the trend continues.
"If new listings growth continues to outpace sales growth moving forward, we will start to see more balanced market conditions," said Jason Mercer, TREB's director of market analysis. "It will likely take a number of months to unwind the substantial pent-up demand that has built over the past two years."
Canada's housing market has been robust in the years since the financial crisis, but the acceleration in prices in Toronto has led to worries that parts of the market are overheating.
Canadian subprime mortgage lenders raced to shore up confidence earlier this week as depositors pulled money out of non-bank lenders Home Capital Group Inc and Equitable Group's high-interest savings accounts.
Shares in Home Capital were down 6.5 percent to C$7.25 at 1015 EST on Wednesday. Ratings agency Standard & Poors downgraded the long term credit ratings of the company after the market closed on Tuesday citing factors including funding concerns. Home Capital also delayed its first quarter earnings.
Ontario's securities regulator has accused Home Capital of making misleading statements to investors.
The foreign buyers tax should cool demand, economists say, because it shows the Ontario government is determined to slow the market, even though there is little data showing those buyers are a large part of the market.
The long looked-for surge in new listings "certainly foreshadows a cool down in price growth," said Sal Guatieri, senior economist at BMO Capital Markets.
Guatieri said the uncertainty caused by the new government measures likely prompted buyers to hang back while sellers sped up plans to list their homes. (Additional reporting by Matt Scuffham in Toronto; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Alistair Bell)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ANKENY, Iowa – A man's selfless deed for a veteran at an Iowa Walmart store has been shared thousands of times after it moved one shopper to post on her Facebook page.
Alana Ruthann wrote that she was looking at her phone while waiting to check out Saturday, "absorbed in my own world of technology," when she saw a beautiful exchange between two men ahead of her
A young man told an older man wearing a hat indicating he was a military veteran, “Sir, I'm paying for your items because you paid by serving my country and I'm grateful for you.”
Alana Ruthann wrote that the older man was caught off guard by the gesture and struggled to hold his emotions in. The young man quickly paid for the items and thanked the veteran once more before leaving.
The veteran seemed at a loss and asked the cashier what he should do now, and she replied with a smile “You have a good day!”
"It was that moment I realized I had TWO heroes in line in-front of me," Ruthann wrote. "My heart welled as I watched our veteran readjust his Veteran ball cap, straighten up, and hold his head with pride as he walked out knowing someone was grateful for him."
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 29 Hill International Inc:
* Hill International reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results
* Q4 loss per share $0.08 from continuing operations
* Q4 loss per share $0.28
* Q4 revenue fell 14.2 percent to $128.8 million
* Hill International Inc - hill's total backlog at December 31, 2016 was $831 million, down 6.4% from $888 million at September 30, 2016
* Hill International Inc - expects consulting fee revenue in 2017 will be between $400 million and $425 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
She's going to be a Parker!
Riverdale actress Tiera Skovbye, who plays Polly Cooper on the series, took to Instagram on Monday to announce that she and her boyfriend, Jameson Parker, got engaged over the weekend.
“This weekend was something out of a dream,” she began the post. “The love of my life surprised the crap out of me and asked me to marry him in his childhood bedroom (not planned, I'm really hard to surprise).”
“We got to spend the rest of the weekend hanging out on the lake with both of our families and it was absolutely wonderful. I'm over the 🌙 happy,” she wrote and added the hashtags, “#gettinghitched #heputaringonit #imgonnabeaparker #evenlambsgetmarried.”
Skovbye, 22, shared multiple photos of the couple after they got engaged, including a silly image of the pair both holding up their ring fingers.
The actress also posted a sweet snap of Parker giving his new fiancée a kiss on the forehead as she rests her left hand on his chest.
So proud of my love for his first day of filming #summerof84movie !!! You have worked your ass off and it's paying off! It has been such a fun adventure watching you work towards your dreams! And even more exciting that we get to work together!! #powercouple A post shared by Tiera Skovbye (@tskovbye1) on Jul 10, 2017 at 7:53pm PDT
Last month, Skovbye gave a shout-out to her beau and his new film, Summer of '84, in a loving Instagram post.
“So proud of my love for his first day of filming #summerof84movie !!!” Skovbye, who is slated to play Nikki Kaszuba in the film, according to IMDb, wrote. “You have worked your ass off and it's paying off! It has been such a fun adventure watching you work towards your dreams! And even more exciting that we get to work together!! #powercouple.”
MUMBAI, March 30 India's Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd said on Thursday it planned to sell up to 62 million shares worth as much as 53.2 billion rupees ($819.4 million) at current market valuations, to fund potential acquisitions in the sector among other things.
India's fourth-biggest private sector lender by assets said its board had approved the sale through a rights issue, public issue or private placement, including a so-called qualified institutions placement. The sale is subject to shareholders' approval.
The fundraising proposal comes amid strong market speculation that Kotak Mahindra is eyeing a takeover of bigger rival Axis Bank. Axis Bank has called the reports "baseless speculation".
Kotak Mahindra said it was seeking to raise the funds to "pursue consolidation opportunities in the Indian banking and financial services space." It also cited other reasons including investment in distressed assets.
At an unrelated news briefing on Wednesday, Kotak Mahindra Chief Executive Uday Kotak said the lender had nothing specific to announce regarding acquisitions but the lender was looking "at all options".
India's regulators have long sought more consolidation in the country's crowded banking sector, especially among unprofitable state-run lenders that are saddled with a large number of stressed assets.
Kotak would need the backing of the Indian government to seal any takeover of Axis, which is about 30 percent owned by state-owned insurance companies and a government agency.
Kotak Mahindra bought ING Vysya Bank in 2015 in a $2.4 billion stock-swap deal, the biggest ever in India's banking sector ($1 = 64.9275 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Devidutta Tripathy; Editing by Rafael Nam and Subhranshu Sahu)
YOU DESERVE TO BE HERE Why Having A Rough Childhood Makes Criticism All The Harder To Cope With
"Being criticized is never pleasant — but when you've also suffered an unsupportive childhood, it cuts especially deep. In order to bolster our capacity to withstand attacks, we need to unpick the legacy of unhelpful nurture in our early years."
April 5Fujian Tianma Science and Technology Group Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 0.8 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 4 new shares for every 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/v148SK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
PARIS, April 28 France's Zodiac Aerospace on Friday reaffirmed plans to combine with engine maker Safran and said chief executive Olivier Zarrouati had agreed to stay on "for a while" after offering his resignation to the board.
The aircraft seats maker announced the CEO's decision as it posted a fiscal first-half current operating loss of 12 million euros, strongly impacted by its aircraft interiors business, and forecast a 200-220 million euro current operating profit for 2016/17 as a whole. (Reporting by Tim Hepher, Cyril Altmeyer, Editing by Andrew Callus)
Band will perform In Loving Memory Of along with loads of other hits
CLASSIC - Big Wreck is marking the 20th anniversary of their landmark CD In Loving Memory Of. They perform at Bo's on Feb. 20th. photo submitted
Big Wreck is reaching back to a golden time in the band's history via their current tour, marking the 20th anniversary of their landmark CD In Loving Memory Of.
The guys' first three Top 10 singles sprung from that disc, and in honour of the anniversary, they are performing the album in its entirety. They slide into Red Deer Feb. 20th with a show at Bo's.
Meanwhile, every evening is a terrific experience tapping into this particular pool of songs while also serving up plenty of the hits the band has garnered over the years as well. “It's nice to see that so many people have a connection with the whole record – not just the singles, but the meat of the album,” explained frontman Ian Thornley from a tour stop in Philadelphia.
“It's maybe a bit moodier; a bit more intricate than something you might throw on a festival set,” he added.
“It's nice to be able to sink your teeth into that, and to see the audience react to it by singing along. That's rewarding – also exhausting in its own way – but very, very rewarding.”
The tour has been a hectic one, and a particularly emotional one in a sense with so many memories popping via playing a bunch of the band's classics. “We are paying a lot of attention to the detail of the stuff; we aren't really playing loosey goosey – there's a lot of detail and staying that focused – so many songs are kind of a high-wire act,” he noted, noting how the songs take him right back to other eras in the band's storied history.
“There are this sort of snapshots – I'm remembering where different rooms were we were jamming in, and different cities, and different relationships. All of these different things that I have sort of forgotten about, or that have settled into the history.
“It shakes those things up! So it's a really cool thing – kind of unexpected. It's been a nice little trip.”
A couple of tunes from In Loving Memory of that are on the set list actually haven't been played ‘live' before, he added. One example is By the Way, which Thornley said might be his favourite cut from that album.
“We've never been able to perform it live (back then) because we didn't have the gadgets before to be able to do it, but now we do,” he said. “That's been a lot of fun – it's a wonderful song to sing, and it's lively and trippy. It has sort of a romantic feel to it. And it's different every night – there's that unpredictable aspect to it as the whole backbone of the song is that feedback from the guitar. Every room is different – you never know how that feedback will work – so that's sort of a fun aspect.”
Rounding out the band are Chuck Keeping (drums), Dave McMillan (bass), Paulo Neta (guitar) and Brian Doherty (guitar). Formed in the early 1990s, the band's many successes include lots of Top 10 rock radio singles, platinum sales status and multiple Juno Award nods.
Formed in the early 90s, all five original members met while attending the Berklee College of Music in Boston.
After the release of their sophomore record The Pleasure and the Greed, they disbanded shortly after.
In 2012, Big Wreck reunited after a hiatus with the release of Albatross, which debuted at number five on the Top 200 SoundScan chart in Canada and hit #25 on the U.S. Billboard Heatseekers chart. Their 2014 follow-up Ghosts debuted at number five on the Canadian Albums Chart and number four on the U.S. Billboard Heatseekers chart. Ghosts would be the band's second Juno-nominated album for ‘Rock Album of the Year' in 2015.
For Thornley, there's just no life like it. And 20 years since the release of In Loving Memory Of have certainly flown by.
“It's something that has just never gone away,” he explains of his enduring passion for music. “That thirst for more knowledge, to get better and to improve the writing – I still feel like I haven't written my best song yet. There is still so much work to be done.”
DUBAI, March 29 Vice Media is bringing its edgy style of journalism to the Middle East to tap what it believes is an underserved market of young, digital hungry consumers.
Vice announced its arrival with a party on Wednesday at the glitzy Armani Hotel in the world's tallest tower, the Burj Khalifa, in Dubai, the global trade hub where the New York-based company will set up its regional headquarters.
Vice reckons the region's youthful population coupled with some of the highest smartphone penetration rates in the world in countries such as Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates make it an ideal market to expand into.
"That's just a tremendous opportunity and we think that this is the time that we come in and steal a lot of market share," Vice Co-Founder and Chief Executive Shane Smith told Reuters in an interview in Dubai on Wednesday.
Vice, which is aiming for 50 staff in Dubai by the end of the year, will launch a website and digital channel this summer and is in active discussions about a 24-hour regional cable channel to be broadcast from the emirate.
It will produce news and lifestyle content in multiple languages including Arabic, English, Farsi, Turkish and Urdu.
Vice has documented migrant worker abuses in Dubai, won acclaim for a documentary while embedded with Islamic State and garnered widespread attention when it took former National Basketball Association star Dennis Rodman to North Korea.
"We're always going to be looking at social justice, we're always going to be looking at environmental justice, we're always going to be looking at being on the right side of history, especially with millennials and our audience," Smith said.
Vice is likely to run into the same obstacles it has faced elsewhere in the Middle East and North Africa, "where journalists are most subjected to constraints of every kind", according to global media watchdog Reporters Without Borders.
Worth $4.2 billion at its last valuation, Vice has transformed in 23 years from a punk magazine in Montreal, Canada, into a global multimedia brand.
Its regional partner is Afghan media company Moby Group, whose Dubai offices are a few kilometres (miles) from the Trump International Golf Club which featured in a 2016 VICE episode on U.S. cable channel HBO about migrant worker exploitation.
Vice and Moby share a common shareholder in 21st Century Fox and the Afghan company holds a license from the U.S. Treasury's OFAC allowing it to expand into Iran - a market Vice wants to tap. (Editing by David Clarke)
A local man has been arrested in connection with the theft of items from vehicles in central Burlington last week.
Halton Regional Police say that on Friday, Dec. 1, between 2:30-4:30 a.m., numerous unlocked cars were entered and property stolen on Maryvale Court in the Mountainside area.
Stolen items included GPS devices, debit/credit cards, sunglasses, headphones, CDs, loose change and cigarettes.
Wayne Erik Millar, 20, of Burlington was arrested Dec. 10 and held for a bail hearing. He is charged with seven counts of theft under $5,000.
FELDBERG, Germany — Julian Lueftner of Austria and Michela Moioli of Italy won snowboard cross races on Saturday in the penultimate World Cup before the Winter Olympics.
Lueftner claimed his first World Cup win by finishing ahead of Pierre Vaultier and Ken Vuagnoux of France and Canada's Kevin Hill in the men's big final.
Vaultier stretched his overall lead to 5,120 points, 1,034 ahead of Austria's Alex Pullin, who finished third in his heat and won his quarterfinal in Feldberg. Four competitions remain.
Moioli stretched her lead in the women's standings with her third World Cup win of the season, finishing ahead of Canada's Zoe Bergermann and French teammates Julia Pereira de Sousa Mabileau and Charlotte Bankes.
Former governor of Mexican state Veracruz Javier Duarte arrives to court in Guatemala City, Guatemala April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Luis Echeverria
Javier Duarte, former governor of Mexican state Veracruz, arrives to a court in Guatemala City, Guatemala April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Luis Echeverria
Javier Duarte, former governor of Mexican state Veracruz, appears in a court for extradition proceedings in Guatemala City, Guatemala, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Jose Cabezas
Javier Duarte, former governor of Mexican state Veracruz, appears in a court for extradition proceedings in Guatemala City, Guatemala, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Jose Cabezas
Javier Duarte, former governor of Mexican state Veracruz, appears in a court for extradition proceedings in Guatemala City, Guatemala, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Jose Cabezas
GUATEMALA CITY Javier Duarte, the former state governor of Mexico's ruling party who was arrested in Guatemala at the weekend, said in court on Wednesday he would not agree to be extradited until his lawyers were able to study a formal extradition request.
"At this time, I can't agree (to extradition) until the formal extradition request arrives, and it can be studied by my defence team" said Duarte. "This doesn't mean I won't accept it, though."
If Duarte agrees to be extradited, he could be back in Mexico within a month, according to Guatemalan justice officials. If not, it might take considerably longer.
Duarte faces prosecution for embezzlement and organised crime in Mexico, where he was the governor of Veracruz state until last year. He has denied any wrongdoing.
A lawyer for Duarte said shortly after the arrest the former governor would likely accept his extradition.
The Mexican government has 60 days to present a formal extradition request to Guatemala. Duarte's defence team will then decide whether to agree to his extradition. He will remain jailed during that time.
The Mexican Attorney General's Office said this week that Duarte's extradition could take up to a year if he resists.
Duarte, who governed the oil-rich state of Veracruz for President Enrique Pena Nieto's Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), became a symbol of corruption in Mexico, and his case is highly politicized with elections looming.
Separately, Mexico's Attorney General's office said on Wednesday that Javier Nava, one of Duarte's alleged partners in crime, suspected of corruption and ties to organised crime, has been detained in Barcelona with the help of Spanish police.
Mexico has 45 days to formally present an extradition request for Nava's return to Mexico, the statement said.
(Reporting by Sofia Menchu; Editing by Sandra Maler)
April 3 Mclane Company Inc
* Announced a renewal of its service agreement with Walmart
* As part of deal, co to continue to deliver to Walmart stores across U.S., to become sole provider of candy, tobacco products to the majority of Walmart'S stores Further company coverage:
Ben Tapuai believes the Bath Rugby backs need to be a bit more adaptable as they work out ways to tear through opposing defences.
The strike moves and first-phase attacks have not been slick in recent weeks, but the inside centre is confident the unit behind the scrum will become more dangerous as the season progresses.
And when they come up against a miserly midfield – as they did at Wasps' last weekend – Tapuai wants Bath to play it as they see it.
“We try our strike plays week in, week out,” said the Australian, who will start at 12 against Worcester at the Rec on Saturday.
“If they don't work we have to be better at adapting because sometimes the opposition might chuck different defence at us.
(Image: David Rogers/Getty Images)
“We have to realise that on the run. Credit to Wasps, they had really good line speed last week.
“At the start of the season not everything's going to click but, hopefully in the coming weeks and going into Christmas and new year, those combinations will start to click.”
It's approaching a year since Tapuai arrived from Super Rugby franchise Western Force.
He admits he's had to tailor his game for the Premiership and the northern hemisphere weather.
“I think I've learned a lot,” he said. “I'm doing a lot more kicking. I never used to use my left foot as much as I do over here.
“That's just the mentality – playing rugby in the opposition half.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The 28-year-old isn't frustrated by only having one Premiership start – at Northampton Saints – so far this season.
Max Clark has been ahead of him in the number-12 pecking order.
“Clarky's been on fire the last three or four games,” Tapuai added.
“I'm easy-going. I think my body's still feeling all the games I've played transitioning from Super Rugby to the Premiership.
“I think I counted from last January to May this year I played about 48 games.
(Image: Ian Johnson/Taking Pictures (Sport) Ltd)
“That's why I'm probably not too worried about sitting out for a bit.
And he knows from his first season at Bath that consistency needs to be better as they prepare to play bottom club Worcester Warriors on Saturday (3pm).
“Last year, that's where we let ourselves down,” Tapuai added. “We performed well against teams in the top four but as soon as we played teams below us, we lost.”
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The county council says it takes steps to avoid competing with first time buyers when it acquires homes to use as social housing.
It comes after the local authority bought a block of 14 homes at Lorro Gate in Athenry causing outcry among existing residents.
The residents say the estate has already fulfilled the 20% social housing requirement as outlined in the planning permission.
The latest purchase of 14 more homes will bring the total social housing in the Lorro Gate estate to almost 45%.
Concerns have also been raised that first time buyers and locals have been prevented from buying homes in the estate – as they were sold as one lot.
However, the county council says it takes steps to ensure it doesn't block first time buyers by checking with vendors before purchase to see if anyone has already made an offer.
It says the fact that the Lorro Gate homes were sold as a single lot was a decision of the vendor – and nothing to do with the local authority.
Athenry Oranmore councillor Jim Cuddy says what's going on is unforgivable, and existing residents are now facing being thrown into negative equity.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
March 28Zhejiang Dian Diagnostics Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 30 percent to 60 percent, or to be 51.6 million yuan to 63.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (39.7 million yuan)
* Says increased operating revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/5OrFX3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Corrects time element in first and second paragraphs)
April 20 Bill O'Reilly will receive a maximum of one year's salary following his ouster Wednesday from Fox News, according to a source familiar with the situation.
Fox News parent Twenty-First Century Fox Inc announced Wednesday it had parted ways with the star cable news host, ending his more than 20-year career, following allegations of sexual harassment from a number of women.
The source declined to comment on O'Reilly's annual salary, but CNN reported on Thursday that the host's new contract provided about $25 million a year. (Reporting By Jessica Toonkel; Editing by Tom Brown)
JOHANNESBURG May 3 Africa's biggest mobile phone operator MTN Group reported a 7.1 percent rise in group revenue for the first quarter of 2017, helped by a strong performance in its data services segment, the company said on Wednesday.
MTN said data revenue, which contributed 20 percent of total revenue, was up 29.4 percent on year for the three months ended March 2017, while the count of group subscribers fell 1.5 percent on quarter due to "restatements to subscriber numbers in Ghana, Rwanda and Zambia."
Founded with the help of Pretoria at the end of white rule in 1994, MTN is seen as one of post-apartheid South Africa's biggest commercial successes, but clashes with regulators in the recent years have raised questions about its governance and hobbled growth. (Reporting by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
Khloé Kardashian celebrated quite the romantic New Year's Eve this year.
The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star spent the holiday with her boyfriend Tristan Thompson in Miami.
The two went clubbing and Kardashian, 32, took to Instagram to document her night out — which also included plenty of PDA with the Cleveland Cavaliers player.
“Happy New Year!!!” she captioned a sweet picture of the two with their arms wrapped around each other at the club while Thompson, 25, planted a kiss on her cheek. “May you always be surrounded by the love you are deserving of! May Gods blessings continue to rain on us all!”
Happy New Year!!! May you always be surrounded by the love you are deserving of! May Gods blessings continue to rain on us all! ❤️ A photo posted by Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Jan 1, 2017 at 12:25pm PST
The reality star also shared a picture of the two locking lips, captioning it with a simple heart emoji.
❤️ A photo posted by Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Jan 1, 2017 at 7:49pm PST
Kardashian also shared videos of their evening on Snapchat, showing off her swingy high ponytail and sparkly gold skintight jumpsuit.
A video posted by Khloe Kardashian Snapchats (@khloesnapchats) on Jan 1, 2017 at 2:18am PST
In one video, a friend films the two while they lean in to share a kiss.
A video posted by Khloe Kardashian Snapchats (@khloesnapchats) on Jan 1, 2017 at 2:18am PST
Kardashian, who finalized her divorce from ex-husband Lamar Odom in December, was first linked to Thompson in early September. In the months since, she's spent much of her time with him in Cleveland, regularly flying out to support him at games and even flaunting his NBA championship ring on social media.
In addition to New Year's Eve, she also spent Halloween, Thanksgiving and Christmas Day with her beau.
In October, a source told PEOPLE the reality star is “very supportive” of the basketball star and that the two were “getting serious.”
“They really dig each other a lot,” said the insider. “And she's planning to spend more and more time out there with him.”
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Two men involved in the largest case of animal neglect in the South Island dairy sector have avoided jail.
Forty four-year-old Dean McMillan and 41-year-old Jared Matthews appeared in the Invercargill District Court for sentencing on three Animal Welfare Act charges.
The two men were looking after two large Lumsden-based Castlerock Dairies Limited farms, which came under fire in a two-week investigation in May 2015.
More than 900 cows were affected by lameness, after long and painful walks on poorly maintained tracks between the two milking stations.
Advertisement
Nearly 200 cows had to be put down, more than 750 needed further treatment, and almost 100 others had ingrown horns.
Judge Bernadette Farnam said there were faults on all sides, and it was a life-changing situation for the two managers.
She sentenced each of the men to 275 hours community work, plus a $10,000 fine plus court costs.
Castlerock Dairies Limited has also been fined $37,500, plus prosecution costs of $11,500.
MPI lawyer Grant Fletcher said the scene was disturbing, and argued the animals suffered because the men had not done their jobs.
"The company was amiss in the direct control of the farm's situation, and the managers were amiss by not grasping what had happened, not recognising what had happened, and taking steps to deal with that," Fletcher said.
Castleford Dairies defence counsel Garth Galloway said the company was willing to put money in for proper track maintenance, and disputed there had been refusals for financial help in the past.
McMillan's counsel Rachel Adams said the scale of the farm, combined with severe weather that deteriorated the tracks in April and May had created a perfect storm.
Matthews' counsel Kate Logan said it was her clients' first appearance in court and until then they had a blemish-free record.
The two men are no longer with Castlerock, but have found other work managing dairy farms.
TORONTO — WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries.
The airline currently has a policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags, unless the extra luggage is "a golf bag containing golf clubs."
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after his 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral.
Walker, 30, said the policy is "absurd" and shows preferential treatment to tourists, as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin.
WestJet told The Canadian Press in a statement that the baggage policy was in place for Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago "due to the amount of excess checked baggage brought by guests travelling to these particular destinations."
The company said it's reviewing the aspect of the baggage policy related to golf bags, recognizing "the optics are poor."
It further said that travellers who want to bring more than two bags to Jamaica or Trinidad and Tobago can do so through WestJet Cargo, its air shipping service.
The airline said it apologized to Walker and reached out to him in an attempt to resolve the issue. "It was never our intention to be discriminatory in this specific baggage policy," said Lauren Stewart, a spokeswoman for WestJet.
Walker said he received an apology and other messages from the company Wednesday afternoon but it was too late to help his mother, who was already in Jamaica.
He said he booked tickets for his mother, Nellrene Walker, so she could attend her sister's funeral in Jamaica. After paying for the tickets, he saw WestJet's baggage policy, and called customer service, he said.
If your weekend plans include shopping, you're going to want to add these three stores to your list ASAP. In addition to these crazy good sales still going on, you can now score some of the best fall styles at majorly reduced prices at J. Crew, Banana Republic and LOFT too. We're talking about taking up to 40 percent off on clothing, shoes, accessories and more at both Banana Republic and LOFT and up to 30 percent off of classic styles and new fall arrivals at J. Crew. Keep scrolling to see how you can score these amazing deals and start your weekend off in the best way possible!
J. Crew
Stock up on classic wardrobe staples and new trendy fall styles for 30 percent off at J. Crew when you enter “GOSHOP” at checkout. First on our list is this oversized sweater that we can't wait to live in all season long.
Buy It! Oversized Drop-Shoulder Sweater, $62.65 (orig. $89.50); jcrew.com
Banana Republic
Take 40 percent off on select fall styles and an extra 10 percent off all sale items. We especially love this utilitarian-style belted midi dress – try layering it over a thin turtleneck with some statement earrings.
Buy It! Belted Midi Dress, $82.99 (orig. $138); bananarepublic.com
Loft
Right now, you can score 40 percent off of everything including new fall arrivals – like this gorgeous shimmer pleated skirt – and an extra 40 percent off already reduced sale items! Just enter the promo code “FALLFEST” at checkout.
Buy It! Shimmer Pleated Skirt, $47.70 (orig. $79.50); loft.com
Which weekend sales are you shopping? Comment below and let us know!
GOVERNMENT debt service grew 4.6% year on year in February to P90.55 billion, driven by higher interest payments, the Treasury bureau said.
Interest payments amounted to P36.16 billion, up 49.24% from a year earlier.
Domestic interest payments accounted for P15.92 billion while foreign payments totaled P20.24 billion.
Principal repayment, meanwhile, totaled P54.39 billion, all made to foreign lenders, down 12.76% year on year.
In the first two months, the debt service bill was P175.36 billion, up 11.36%, equivalent to 25.55% of the P682.46 billion planned for debt service in 2018.
Borrowed funds are intended to pay for government projects and maturing debt, among others, when these items exceed budgeted funds. The government plans to drastically raise spending, particularly on infrastructure. The budget deficit, however, is pegged at 3% of gross domestic product (GDP).
This year, the government has adopted a 74-26% financing mix in favor of local sources at P711.96 billion, against the P176.27 billion planned for gross foreign borrowing. — Elijah Joseph C. Tubayan
March 31 Flight Centre Travel Group Ltd
* outlined plans to create a new global business that will provide in-destination services to travellers.
* plans, which are being implemented in conjunction with Vietnam's Thien Minh will see companies create a larger asia-based destination management company
* plans to create destination management company (dmc) by combining TMG's Buffalo Tours business in Vietnam with smaller joint venture DMC businesses
* services provided by dmc will include transfers, excursions and day-trips, arrangements for meetings and incentive groups
* new asia dmc is expected to turnover about $us70 million and generate in order of $us5mln in earnings before interest and tax during 2017 calendar year
* Tmg transfer Vietnam business into JV
* FLT increase its holding from 49% of current jv to 58.5% of new business
* plans,with Vietnam's Thien Minh , will see cos acquire or launch similar businesses in other regions in short to medium-term to create a world-wide dmc network
* agreements are in place for flt to increase its holding further in 2018
* agreements are in place for TMG to invest in global DMC offering that companies plan to create in short to medium term Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO - Mo Farah of Britain sprints down The Mall before finishing in eighth position in the men's Elite London Marathon April 13, 2014. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh
Double Olympic champion Mo Farah was given a legal dose of a controversial supplement before the 2014 London Marathon, but the treatment was not properly recorded, the doctor who gave him the injection has said.
Dr Robin Chakraverty, former chief medical officer at UK Athletics, told British legislators he injected Farah with 13.5 millilitres (ml) of L-carnitine prior to his London Marathon debut but had "forgotten" to record it in the necessary forms.
L-carnitine is a legal supplement but administering a quantity greater than 50ml within six hours is prohibited.
"When you are constantly on call for athletes you travel to those athletes," Chakraverty, who now works with the England football team, told the Culture Media and Sport select committee.
"If you don't record it straight away -- which I didn't in this case -- then it can get forgotten because you have all these other things."
In February, Farah's coach Alberto Salazar issued a rebuttal of a Sunday Times article alleging he had administered banned infusions of supplements to his athletes, citing what the newspaper said was a leaked US Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) report.
Farah has denied any wrongdoing.
UK Athletics chairman Ed Warner criticised Chakraverty.
"It was disappointing, definitely. It is what happened. It shouldn't have happened," Warner told MPs. "You got a lot of regret. What you had from him was an explanation not an excuse. It is recorded on his record, as it should be."
Last month, British Cycling acknowledged "failings" in its record-keeping system after it emerged during an investigation that Team Sky did not keep complete medical records for their riders.
Team Sky are at the centre of an investigation into the contents of a package delivered to then team doctor Richard Freeman at the Criterium du Dauphine race in France in 2011 for former rider Bradley Wiggins, who went on to win the 2012 Tour de France.
Warner denied there were any similarities between the Farah case and the one involving Wiggins.
"Please don't tar us with the same brush," he said. "I think they are both inexcusable. We should have the same gold-plated standard for all athletes."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Diether bagong leading man ni Megan sa GMA By Jun Nardo Bandera
GINULAT ng GMA Network ang netizens nang maglabas ang Magpakailanman official page na ang kilalang 90s heartthrob at Kapamilya star na si Diether Ocampo ang bibida sa Father's Day special ng weekly drama anthology ngayong Sabado. Tungkol sa kuwento ng isang ama ang episode na nangako sa namatay na asawa na ipapa-breastfeed ang kanyang naiwang anak. Mahirap para sa isang ama ‘yon lalo na't patay na ang babaeng dapat magpa-breastfeed ng anak. Makakapareha ni Diet si Megan Young sa nasabing episode. Siyempre after Diether's first Kapuso outing, eh, aabangan kung mananatili na siya sa Kapuso Network.
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Italy's Banca Carige says:
* SIGNS IT OUTSOURCING DEAL WITH IBM
* APPROVED 2018 BUDGET GUIDELINES
* CONFIRMS TARGETS IN ITS 2017-2020 INDUSTRIAL PLAN Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
U.S. President Donald Trump attends a meeting at the White House in Washington, U.S., March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that "something should happen" with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad after a poison gas attack in Syria, but stopped short of saying Assad should leave office.
"I think what Assad did is terrible," Trump told reporters travelling with him on Air Force One.
"I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity and he's there ,and I guess he's running things, so something should happen," Trump said.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Writing by Roberta Rampton and Ayesha Rascoe; Editing by Alistair Bell)
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Sacramento Kings rookie Harry Giles will not play until at least January while he rehabs his surgically repaired knees.
Giles is the 20th overall draft pick out of Duke. He missed summer league to rest his left knee. The team said Friday he will work with the training staff to build strength and endurance. He will participate in some "controlled" parts of practice.
Giles had an arthroscopic procedure on his left knee last October after a ligament tear during high school in 2013. He also tore a ligament in his right knee in 2015.
The Kings say they are taking a "methodical approach" and Giles will be "reevaluated routinely throughout the program."
LILLE, France (Reuters) - A P&O ferry with more than 300 people on board which had run aground in Calais harbour in northern France has been refloated and all passengers have disembarked, a P&O Ferries spokesman said on Sunday.
Passengers aboard the P&O ferry Pride of Kent watch rescue operations after the vessel ran aground during bad weather in the port of Calais in northern France, December 10, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
The Dover-bound “Pride of Kent” had run aground on a sand bank around midday as she tried to leave the Calais harbour in stormy weather. Nobody was injured.
The ship, supported by two tug boats, was refloated as the tide came in early evening and all passengers have disembarked.
The spokesman said most passengers would continue their journey to the UK on other P&O ferries tonight, while some would stay overnight in Calais on P&O's expense.
UK-based P&O operates 20 ferries which carry nine million passengers per year between France, Belgium, The Netherlands and across the Irish Sea.
Jennifer Garner is just about the most open and honest celebrity on Instagram. She shares videos of herself having story time with her pets and her fake cooking show segments are worthy of an Emmy. So when we asked her to open up about all things beauty, she was just as candid and real as she is on social media – and gave truly inspiring answers.
To celebrate PEOPLE's Beautiful Issue, we caught up with Garner to chat about what makes her feel most beautiful, and as it turned out, it's when she's not in any makeup at all.
“My kids are so relieved to see me take my makeup off and put glasses and sweatpants on,” she tells PEOPLE about what makes her feel her best. “I guess that doesn't really count as feeling beautiful! It is more like feeling wanted and loved for being me, which is even better.”
Coincidentally, the first time she felt truly beautiful was when she got all dolled up for a school event, the sixth grade Santa Claus breakfast in elementary school. “I slept in pink sponge rollers the night before and wore some little elf costume my mom sewed for me,” she said. “I remember feeling cute and noticing that it was a new and different and nice way to feel.”
Dia Dipasupil/Getty
RELATED: The Beauty Breakdown: Stars Get Real About Their Beautiful Lives
And despite having access to every top hair and makeup artist today, she's most proud to have mastered the skill of “wearing just enough makeup to look better without anything extra,” she says.
As for her beauty routine, she says the one product she'll hoard is Neutrogena Sesame Body Oil (she loves the sheen of it and the “easy, quiet, delicious scent”) and appreciates a good sunscreen and night cream (both of which she'd tell her teenage self that it's never ever too early to start wearing).
Jennifer Garner ‘Not Interested in Dating' After Split: ‘I Would Not Have Chosen This Life'
But her most endearing answer was when she was asked what's her favorite way to make the people she loves feel beautiful. “I love to take my mom and sisters shopping,” she says.
As if we couldn't love Garner more, she goes and gives us truly beautiful answers.
From his entrance on a dashing white steed to his sign-off in tribute to his ‘role' in the Disney smash hit Frozen, Jack Whitehall had the sellout audience at Nottingham's Motorpoint Arena in stitches.
The self-confessed posh boy from the hard streets of Notting Hill is a household name for his TV work, most notably Bad Education and A League of Their Own where he is vital to the on-screen chemistry with Freddie Flintoff, James Corden and Jamie Redknapp.
But he also has a fine reputation for stand-up stretching back to the Edinburgh Fringe, and with ‘Jack Whitehall: At Large' he is undertaking his biggest tour to date.
The spectacle certainly lived up to the title on Valentine's Day.
And trust me, when the horse on which Whitehall arrives on stage proceeded to deposit a ‘gift', it certainly wasn't a metaphor for the show to come.
I haven't laughed soooo hard for soooo long — and my wife, who is a big fan of the star, was in stitches alongside me.
Peppered with plenty of expletives, which I couldn't possibly repeat here, including a ‘C-bomb' for which he apologised to a mum in the crowd, the subjects covered were varied and delivered with Whitehall's inimitable style.
These included hosting the Royal Variety Performance and being pranked by Elton John, followed by meeting with Prince Harry where one of his mates insulted the man fifth in line to the throne.
I can't repeat what was said for fear of being sent to The Tower but it all involved Ron Weasley from Harry Potter, Shrek and a broad Cockney accent!
A running theme of the show was Whitehall's bid to ‘break' America......and his voice-over of a troll in Frozen, followed by his chagrin when the role was ‘reduced to a non-speaking part'.
Sadly he found out AFTER he had been out and about promoting the movie (cue obligatory promo shot in front of the title poster), something his friends made capital from on social media.
There is also plenty of reference to his acting nemesis, Twilight star Robert Pattinson, with whom he went to school.
But never fear, Whitehall isn't bitter, he is now the voice of ASDA!
Nothing was off limits from attending a Muslim wedding, his gran's dubious choice of cuddly toy, stag parties and staying in a Disney hotel and having to wipe his backside on a towel emblazoned with an embroidered image of the old man from the family movie Up!
Other subjects covered included air travel, snobs in waitrose looking for that ever-man hangover cure, truffle oil, his dad's less than politically correct view of an upcoming audition, relationships and the attitude of Americans to booze.......and all delivered with a charm that allows him to get away with it.
And as for the finale, well, I won't spoli it, save to say it is a little surreal to say the least......especially the costume.
A fantastic night that simply confirmed my view that Mr Whitehall is among the top comedians currently wowing audiences across the country.
Jack Whitehall: At Large continues and returns for a second show in Nottingham on Saturday February 25. For tickets click here to visit the Nottingham Motorpoint Arena website. Tickets are priced £28.56 to £36.40.
BRIEF-Richard Abbe reports 5.8 pct passive stake in CHF Solutions
* Richard Abbe reports 5.8 percent passive stake in CHF Solutions Inc as of june 6 - sec filing Source text - http://bit.ly/2sbOs0d Further company coverage:
April 20 Stewart Information Services Corp
* Stewart reports results for the first quarter 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $0.17
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.16 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Stewart Information Services Corp says Q1 total title revenues increased $10.1 million, or 2.5 percent, from prior year quarter
* Stewart Information Services Corp says Q1 total commercial revenues of $46.0 million, up 7.7 percent from prior year quarter
* Qtrly total revenues $443.0 million versus $ 438.2 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Man accused of child sex offenses at North Carolina church
SMITHFIELD, N.C. (AP) — A North Carolina sheriff's office has accused a man of committing multiple child sex offenses at the church where he was a Sunday school teacher.
The Johnston County Sheriff's Office told news outlets multiple charges were filed against 34-year-old Jonathan Young of Benson, including first-degree rape of a child and indecent liberties with a child. WRAL-TV in Raleigh reports Young was a Sunday school teacher at Firstborn Baptist Church in Benson.
Sheriff's Office Capt. Jeff Caldwell said the offenses were first reported in 2014 but go back years. One victim who is now 19 told investigators she was assaulted between the ages of 7 and 15.
Caldwell said an investigation is continuing.
Young is jailed on a $1 million bond. It's not known if he has an attorney.
* New York, others challenge Trump over energy efficiency
* Bank stocks pull S&P 500 lower
* Trump has said Xi meeting to be "a very difficult one"
* Indexes down: Dow 0.34 pct, S&P 0.42 pct, Nasdaq 0.36 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 3 U.S. stocks reversed course to trade lower on Monday after New York and other states challenged the Trump administration for illegally blocking energy efficiency standards, casting further doubt on the new government's ability to push through planned reforms.
The move by a coalition of U.S. states and municipalities comes barely two weeks after President Donald Trump's administration had to pull legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system.
Wall Street has rallied since Trump's election victory in November on promises that included tax cuts and looser regulations. But that rally has stalled of late as investors fret if these promises will be fulfilled given the recent the administration's recent setbacks.
Trump is also set to meet Chinese President Xi Jinping later this week in what the U.S. president has said would be "a very difficult one" as the United States could not risk massive trade deficits and job losses.
At 10:59 a.m. ET the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 71.23 points, or 0.34 percent, at 20,591.99, the S&P 500 was down 10.01 points, or 0.42 percent, at 2,352.71 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 21.25 points, or 0.36 percent, at 5,890.49.
The CBOE Volatility index, known as Wall Street's 'fear gauge' was up at 13.15 points, on track to rise for the third straight trading day.
Seven of the major S&P 500 sectors were in the red, led by financials, which dropped 1.11 percent.
Investors also await the earnings season to justify lofty valuations. The S&P 500 is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, above its long-term average of 15.
"Valuations at present are reasonably full ... what we need to see for the balance of this year is for earnings to justify the valuations we have seen thus far," said Bill Northey, chief investment officer at Private Client Group of U.S. Bank.
Among stocks, Tesla's shares were up 2.7 percent at $286.06 after the electric carmaker said on Sunday its vehicle deliveries increased 69 percent in the first quarter.
However, General Motors dropped 3.1 percent and Ford declined 2.3 percent after the two automakers reported March sales.
Accenture slipped 2.3 percent to $117 after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stock to "sell" from "neutral".
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,779 to 1,041, for a 1.71-to-1 ratio on the downside. On the Nasdaq, 1,849 issues fell and 841 advanced for a 2.20-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The S&P 500 index showed 17 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 68 new highs and 15 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Fire crews in Wichita are being credited with saving a stuck puppy.
According to a social media report, a caller to Firehouse 22 in Wichita asked for assistance in a pet related matter.
Both Engine 22 & Squad 2 responded with their Battalion Chief. On scene fire crews found a small puppy had its head stuck through a wheel and the residents could not get it removed.
Firehouse 22 saved a puppy whose head was stuck in a wheel. The puppy was safely removed & returned to the homeowner. #PuppyRescue pic.twitter.com/1XYafctoY4 — WichitaFireDept (@WichitaFireDept) August 14, 2017
WFD members went to work to assess the situation. Members worked together to see if they could manipulate the wheel off the puppy's head.
E22 members prepared a water & soap mixture to help with the process. The puppy was safely removed and returned to the homeowner.
Ben Affleck has learned from his mistakes.
The actor, 44, skyrocketed to success as the co-writer and star of 1997's Good Will Hunting, but has since weathered public breakups, troubling behavior, box-office bombs and critical praise and accolades alike. Now, Affleck is opening up about his “bad boy” days — and how he managed to turn his life around.
“I'd always had a strong idea about my values and the direction I wanted to be headed in, then I ran into getting famous and it totally spun me around and I flailed around for a few years,” he told The Guardian. “When you're a young man in your 20s, part of that is making mistakes and learning from them. I just made those in front of everybody, rather than privately.”
He continued: “There's stuff I look back on and kind of cringe at but I always tried to treat other people well. My parents imbued that in me and the mistakes I made were mostly just of the embarrassing kind.”
He said his life took a positive turn after marrying his now-estranged wife Jennifer Garner in 2005 and becoming a father to their three children — Violet, 11, Seraphina, 7, and Sam, 4.
“I think becoming a father makes you see the world differently and it's good,” he said.
RELATED VIDEO: Will Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner Get Back Together?
And though Affleck has comes to terms with living in the spotlight, he's still protective over his children's privacy.
“I'm at peace with paying my own price, what I'm not at peace with is when it invades on my kids' space and time. They didn't make any bargains. I try to shelter them as best I can. That's my only real gripe.”
Affleck also talked about his turn as the Caped Crusader in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, revealing that a standalone film starring the actor is not set in stone.
“That's the idea. But it's not a set thing and there's no script. If it doesn't come together in a way I think is really great I'm not going to do it,” he said.”
