"I'm just so grateful, grateful for them and that they were there for me and my baby. They didn't even know who we were," said Alexandria Thieme.
Scroll for more content...
An Independence mom said she felt helpless when her 15-month-old son suddenly started having a seizure. But it turns out, the inside of a Smithville gas station was the best place she could be when it happened.
Alexandria Thieme and a friend had run inside the Smithville Casey's on Thursday afternoon to grab some cool drinks. Another friend was in the parking lot, in an air-conditioned car with Alex's son, when the baby started seizing.
"We were trying to have a good day at the beach, go to the lake and have some fun. It was way too hot to stay at home," Thieme said.
Thieme said it was a great day, until her 15-month-old son got a little cranky on the way home.
"At that time is when his temperature started rising so we stopped at Casey's so I could get some cold drinks for everybody," she said.
A friend stayed in the air-conditioned car with baby Xavier while she ran inside.
But as she was checking out, her friend Austin came running into the store with Xavier, who was actively having a seizure.
"He was shaking. He wouldn't look at me. He couldn't talk to me. It was the scariest moment of my life," she said.
As she panicked, not knowing what to do, two Casey's employees rushed to help.
"It was my mommy instincts. I just pictured, God forbid, it was one of my kids or just any human being, you need to jump in and do what you can when you can," Casey's employee Erica Jones said.
Incredibly, Erica's co-worker, Taylor Swangurim, has a seizure disorder, and together the two women knew exactly what to do to help.
"She's like, 'you need to lay him down on his side. Go get him a cold wash cloth and ice pack to put on his head so we can lower his temperature.' And it kind of stopped," Thieme recalled.
Xavier went to the hosptial by ambulance. Doctors think the baby had a virus, leading to his afternoon fever, and put into overdrive by the heat of the sun, causing a seizure.
Mom Alexandria hopes it's a once in a lifetime experience, and is deeply thankful two guardian angels came to her baby's rescue, helping save his life.
"Heroic. They were my heroes that day. I could not have done anything without them. Thank you. Thank you," she said.
"I wouldn't call myself a hero, just an ordinary person that would hope that, God forbid, me or my child or any human being were in the same situation, someone would come to our rescue and help us," Jones said.
The second worker, Taylor Swangurim, who also helped when the incident happend Thursday, actually ended up in the hospital Friday after having a seizure herself. But we're told she's recovering at home now and is glad she could help a mom in need.
At Xiaomi's 8th anniversary celebrations held in Shenzen, China, founder Lei Jun made it clear that the the brand's fight on delivering the best flagship smartphone is not just with Apple, but with Huawei as well.
Lei Jun finally took the wraps off the Xiaomi Mi 8, the new flagship for the Chinese internet company, which was frequently compared in the keynote not just with Apple's popular iPhone X but with Huawei's P20 Pro smartphone as well.
The Xiaomi Mi 8 is priced at CNY 3,699 (approximately Rs 38,000) for the standard model.
The smartphone packs in a FHD+ Samsung Super AMOLED display with an 88.5 percent screen-to-body ratio. The construction is made of metal and glass and features a rounded design that not as cool as the Mi Mix2S, but comes quite close.
With that said, Xiaomi finally lost it battle against the display notch and gave in to a might large one, that changes the aspect ratio of the display to 18.7:9.
Inside buyers will get a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC which has been tuned to perform with an AnTuTu score that crossed the 3 lakh mark, with a score of 3,01,472. The smartphone offers 8 GB RAM along with 128 GB of internal storage.
The cameras too are a priority and they as expected, they are AI-enabled. Xiaomi has included a 12 MP + 12 MP camera setup at the rear with large 1.4 Um pixels, 4-axis OIS, dual pixel autofocus technology and AI-powered portrait mode. There are other AI bits included as well. Xiaomi has used AI for scene detection and even for video editing. AI scene detection works similar to what we have seen on the Huawei P20 Pro, one that detects elements in the scene and boost colours accordingly to enhance the image.
At the event, Xiaomi even bragged about its DxO Mark Mobile scores. The Xiaomi Mi 8 achieved an overall score of 99 with a photo score of 105, both of which are higher than Apple's flagship iPhone X.
Also introduced with Mi 8 is a new Studio Lighting mode that works similar to the Portrait lighting modes of the Apple iPhone X and the iPhone 8 Plus.
Also new with the Xiaomi Mi 8 is a brand-new front facing camera that reminds us of Apple's True Depth camera system.
The notch at the front includes a 20 MP camera, a proximity sensor, the earpiece, infrared lighting and an infrared lens. The latter two are used for the new Infrared face unlock feature, one that according to Xiaomi can securely unlock a device even in the dark.
The 20 MP front facing camera features an f/2.0 aperture, 1.8 Um pixels, portrait selfies and an AI Beautify mode.
There's also Face unlock technology that allows users to create fun animated 3D emoji along with a 3D face unlock system, which is similar to what Apple offers with Face ID.
Other technological enhancements also include Dual-frequency GPS which according to Xiaomi, eliminates interference from buildings, reducing signal delays, increasing the accuracy of navigation in apps.
While the standard model features a fingerprint reader at the back, there is special Mi Explorer edition of the Mi 8 that features an under-display fingerprint reader.
Also announced was the Mi 8 SE with 5.8 inch display and sqaurish form factor with 2.5 D glass on the front.
The device features a Qualcomm Snapdragon 710 SoC.
This story is developing…
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Lions' Robert Tonyan, left, and Eric Ebron didn't play a traditional tight end role at college. (Photo: Daniel Mears, Detroit News)
Allen Park – Eric Ebron was a first-round draft pick. Robert Tonyan Jr. went undrafted out of Indiana State. But the two Detroit Lions tight ends share some notable similarities, so much so that Tonyan has picked up the nickname "T-Bron" around the practice facility.
“I don't know who gave it to him,” Ebron said. “I think it came from upstairs when they were watching film on him.”
Here's where the two favorably compare. Both are highly athletic. Coming out of college, Ebron ran a 4.60-second 40-yard dash with a 32-inch vertical leap and 120-inch broad jump. Tonyan, at his pro day in March, bested each of those numbers slightly.
In college, neither played a traditional tight end role. At North Carolina, Ebron was typically split wide, with minimal emphasis placed on his blocking. The 6-foot-5 Tonyan is making the conversion to the position as a professional, having played wide receiver at Indiana State. In three seasons, he caught 150 passes for 2,047 and 20 touchdowns.
And although the learning curve is going to be sharper for Tonyan, with less margin for error given he doesn't carry the draft status of Ebron, the veteran has been able to offer meaningful advice on adjusting to life as an NFL tight end, particularly what is expected within Detroit's scheme.
“He's been a good mentor so far,” Tonyan said. “Honestly, he's just been real with me. That's what I want. I don't want people to beat around the bush. If I need to do something to get me on the field or make the team, I want to be told that straight up. He's not one to shy away from telling me the truth and I respect him for that.”
Ebron has been impressed with what he's seen from Tonyan on the field, particularly his route running. As for the blocking, everyone understands it's going to be a work in process because it's new for the rookie.
But where Ebron believes Tonyan can make up some ground is with his attitude.
“I tell him all the time, you just need to get your confidence back,” Ebron said. “Some of us sat around and watched his college highlight tape and he was so swagged out and comfortable, playing in his own realm, at his own pace.
“This can take a lot out of people – confidence, self-esteem – so just building that back up will be the main thing. Once he has that, he'll figure everything else out."
Tonyan also needs to continue to bulk up. His college bio listed him at 220 pounds, but he's currently up to 237. He plans to reach 240 by training camp with an eye on 245 by the end of his rookie season.
Practice squad is a realistic possibility for Tonyan. The Lions bolstered their tight end group this offseason by signing Darren Fells and drafting Michael Roberts. The team also returns Cole Wick and Khari Lee, who each saw playing time last season.
jdrogers@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @Justin_Rogers
Facebook and Instagram are reportedly working on ways to make sure that people do not remain distracted by the virtual world but focus on reality as well. Facebook has brought a new "Do Not Disturb" feature where users can put off their Facebook notifications for a select duration of time. A similar feature was also spotted on Instagram.
According to a tweet by Matt Navarra, Facebook is testing a "Do Not Disturb" feature, where users will not be notified about notifications for 30 minutes, an hour, a day, or till you do not order to it to deactivate. This option can be activated as follows: Settings>Notifications> Push> Do Not Disturb. A toggle appears where you have the choice to turn notifications on or off. Below that is a sound or vibration toggle to turn it off or not.
This is where Facebook's NEW ‘Do Not Disturb' setting can be found Settings > Notifications > Push pic.twitter.com/8CYrRG2GNZ — Matt Navarra (@MattNavarra) July 2, 2018
Only when it is toggled off can a user receive notifications.
Keeping digital well-being of users in mind, Instagram's CEO and co-founder Kevin Systrome had confirmed in May that Instagram is coming up with 'Usage Insights' which will show users how much time they have spent on the photo-sharing app. Recently, the "You are all caught up" feature also went live where users can now see all the posts which they have seen in the past 48 hours.
Though tools like Usage Insights would let Instagrammers know about their daily surfing habits, those like the "You are all caught up" and "Do Not Disturb" have the potential to help users to not waste their time on apps.
Salil Parekh will take over as the new CEO of Infosys on 2 January 2018. If there was an expectation that the cloud over the company's corporate governance has cleared, that seems unlikely to be the case. There are indications concerns are still simmering. The litany of past issues continue to snowball in public and does not bode well for the company's image or say much for its corporate governance.
For instance, the severance pay to ex-CFO Rajiv Bansal refuses to die down. According to a report in The Hindu, a whistleblower has written a letter to Sebi stating: "Why not Sebi order a fully independent investigation, including a forensic investigation, and make people accountable?” Infosys had recently filed an application with Sebi for settlement over the severance pay issue.
There has been a war of words on social media on Twitter with Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, independent director at Infosys and Mohandas Pai, former director at Infosys, on the issue. Shaw wrote on the weekend on her Twitter page to Pai's raking the issue: “The matters were reinvestigated (a)n(d) no wrong doings were found by the new chairman.. Let's bring this to a closure and move on.. It helps no one." The Twitter messages have since been deleted.
Former CFO V Balakrishnan is unhappy with certain board members which he has aired in public in the past and has alsoR done so in an interview with PTI. “I think the continuation of certain board members like the erstwhile co-chairman (Ravi Venkatesan) and the audit committee chairman (Roopa Kudva) looks highly untenable in light of the current development of the company filing consent agreement with SEBI over Bansal's severance payment case.”
What can the board under the chairmanship of Nandan Nilekani do to address these issues so that the new incumbent Parekh is not waylaid by them? Experts spelt out a few:
Board should not respond to allegations, accusations in public: Public acrimony is by itself bad. Infosys, under the new CEO should not respond to any whistle blowers' accusations or allegations in the public space, says Shriram Subramanian, Managing Director of InGovern, a proxy advisory firm. He suggests the board treat the matter [severance pay settlement] as closed. The Twitter exchange [between Kiran Mazumdar Shaw and Mohandas Pai] should not have happened. The board members should not respond on social media, suggests Kavil Ramachandran, Executive Director of the Thomas Schmidheiny Centre for Family Enterprise at Indian School of Business (ISB). He says that this can be picked up by troublemakers to create more issues. “The board is the ultimate authority and should not engage on Twitter or any social media platform as the latter can hijack these issues,” says Ramachandran.
Business strategy should be the only focus of the new CEO: Notwithstanding that former CEO Vishal Sikka left on account of a tussle with co-founder N R Narayana Murthy and compensation issues, the new CEO should not let these public outbursts obscure his strategy for the company, says Sanchit Vir Gogia, chief analyst, founder and CEO of Greyhound Knowledge Group, a global strategy and transformation research, advisory and consulting group.
Sikka's strategy had started to yield results. “What Infosys needs to know is that the old delivery models don't work anymore. The new CEO should look at priorities and options to get Infosys on the rail,” said Ramachandran of ISB.
Board should send out a strong message to founders and former employees: As long as the board continues to explain itself and its decisions, the public airing of issues won't stop, say analysts. “The Board has to be firm and spell out the way forward for the company. It should get co-founders and past employees to discuss internally whatever their differences are with the company. You cannot afford to forget your investors. When questions are raised in public by former employees or co-founders, it is a blow to corporate governance that they themselves upheld during their tenure. This raking of issues incessantly in public is becoming a joke now,” Paula Mariwala, Partner, Seedfund and Co-Founder, Stanford Angels, said, adding that it needs to be resolved with a firm hand by the board.
Salil Parekh should have backing of board always: Salil Parekh, the new CEO, should have the full backing of all the board members, says Ramchandran of ISB. The board should reassure that it will answer queries from anyone outside of its boa, he said. “The storm may continue to brew outside of Infosys like it is doing even now. There should be an understanding between the new CEO and the board on what issues he can automatically decide to respond to and what needs to be discussed with the board,” he said.
I have one of those long names that I apologize for when someone asks me to spell it. "It's a long one, so hold on to your hat." Ultimately, I don't mind it because my name is wrapped in meaning, including the fact that I am named for my grandmother. But if you have a little one growing in your belly and are seeking to simplify things, then you might want to check out some unique baby names with two syllables.
And just because you are keeping it simple doesn't mean that you can't choose a name that is steeped in meaning. Whether you choose a short first name because you are pairing it with a gigantic last name or you simply like the way it sounds, you're bound to discover something that suits your soon-to-arrive bundle of joy. After all, who wouldn't love a name that means "peaceful" or "happy"? You might also find that people with some of these names carry serious potential to be born leaders and do big things for humanity, and, well, that's all kinds of awesome.
And, of course, no matter the name you choose for your baby, it's bound to be amazing because, guess what? They already are.
1 Odette Giphy If you're a fan of Swan Lake, then you know Odette (pronounced oh-DEHT) is the name of the "good" swan in Tchaikovsky's ballet. And if you suspect your little one harbors an inner peace, then Odette might be a fit. According to SheKnows, people with this name have "a deep inner need for quiet."
2 Grayson Giphy Originally a surname, Grayson has become a popular choice for boys and girls. While the name literally means "son of the gray-haired one," SheKnows noted that people with the name Grayson tends to follow professions where they can serve humanity.
4 Aslin Giphy Originally only thought of as a surname, Aslin has risen in popularity as a name choice for girls. According to numerological interpretation, people with the name Aslin are determined and born leaders.
5 Harper Giphy Harper, which literally means "harp player," was rarely heard before the mid-2000s, but entered the girls' list in 2004 and became ultra popular, according to Nameberry.com.
6 Tehya Giphy As soon as I saw Tehya (pronounced TEY-ah) on the many name lists, I kind of fell in love with it. So, it came as no surprise that Tehya — which comes from Native American origin — means "precious."
7 Levi Giphy According to Baby Center, Levi is Hebrew for "joined in harmony." And if you think your little one might be a peacemaker, then you will especially love that in the theocratic structure of Israel, the Levites were the people who promoted social cohesion.
8 Quentin Giphy Whether you are a fan of the famous Pulp Fiction director or simply love that the people with the name Quentin (pronounced KWEHN-tin) have a deep desire to lead, you might consider adding this one to your list. According to SheKnows, people with this name "tend to be mystics, philosophers, scholars, and teachers."
9 Zola Giphy Meaning "peaceful" or "Earth," Zola brings with it some super cute and even shorter nicknames, like Zoe and Zo.
10 Flora Giphy As you might have guessed, Flora means "flower." According to SheKnows, "people with this name have a deep inner need for quiet, and a desire to understand and analyze the world they live in, and to learn the deeper truths."
11 Bexley Giphy Derived from the names of two different locations — a suburb of Columbus, Ohio and a London borough — Bexley is often found on Nameberry.com's list of "Rare Or Uncommon Names."
13 Soren Giphy Pronounced SOH-ren, Soren is the Danish form of Thor, according to Babble. Of course, if you are looking for something a bit more philosophical, then you can lean on the fact that Soren was also the first name of Kierkegaard, who is considered to be the father of existentialism.
14 Brielle Giphy A name with French roots, Brielle is said to mean "God is my strength," according to BabyNames.com. Nicknames for this lovely moniker include Bri and Elle.
15 Linus Giphy You might hear Linus and think of the beloved Charlie Brown Character, but according to Nameberry.com, Linus is also a musician and poet who invented rhythm and melody and taught music to Hercules. Sounds like some seriously creative roots.
16 Frankie Giphy This is one of those super cool names that suits a girl or a boy, which is just one of the reasons I love it. It's also all kinds of awesome because according to Nameberry.com, Frankie frequently makes the "Badass Baby Names" list and I can totally see why.
17 Piper Giphy Piper technically means exactly what it sounds like — "pipe player." But if you're a fan of Orange Is The New Black or simply loved the Piper who aspired to be a singer and played the lead in Coyote Ugly, then you know the name packs a whole lot of punch in those two syllables.
VANCOUVER — Jordan Harvey could barely hide his smile when the conversation turned to the slick structure beyond the lush soccer pitch over his right shoulder.
Carl Robinson, meanwhile, spoke of the hard work coupled with years of disappointment on the road to getting the facility built.
The Vancouver Whitecaps finally moved into their glistening new training centre at the University of British Columbia on Wednesday, more than a decade after the club first started plans for a permanent home.
“Words can't describe how meaningful this is to the players, to the staff, to the whole organization,” Harvey said earlier this week. “It just raises the expectations, it raises the professionalism. I think you'll see higher quality because of it.
“You have everything you need … there are no excuses.”
A member of the Whitecaps since their first Major League Soccer season in 2011, Harvey is glad he's still around to see the project completed.
“I'm so looking forward to getting in there and getting started,” the 33-year-old defender continued. “I'm proud, having been here from the very beginning and going through some of those growing pains that clubs do — to have withstood those and be here celebrating an organization that has put everything together.”
It definitely took some time.
As part of the franchise's acceptance into MLS in 2009, the Whitecaps were required by the league to have their own practice facility. They had already been in talks with a couple of communities in Metro Vancouver for a few years by that point and had a deal in place with the city of Delta, B.C., that spring.
But that plan fell through before an agreement was eventually reached with UBC in 2012.
The provincial government provided $14.5 million in funding for the facility — dubbed the National Soccer Development Centre — while Whitecaps contributed $15 million, and UBC donated land valued at $3 million for a total cost of $32.5 million.
“It's part of being a proper football club, having the proper facilities,” said Robinson, Vancouver's head coach since late 2013. “When you look at trying to attract players they ask, ‘What's the training ground like?”‘
The three-story, 38,000 square foot fieldhouse includes a weight room that overlooks the grass training pitches, locker-rooms, a players' lounge, kitchen, a sports science wing, an area for UBC teams and a media workspace.
“It's top-notch,” said Robinson. “I was fortunate enough to play in England for many years at Premier League and Championship clubs and a lot of them didn't have that.”
There are three grass and two turf fields at the facility, while two other artificial surfaces have also been built as part of the project at Simon Fraser University in nearby Burnaby, B.C.
The Whitecaps' second-tier USL team will eventually also move into the building along with the club's youth residency program, meaning there will be as many as 140 soccer players under one roof, along with coaching and front office staffs.
“We're very fortunate,” said Robinson. “We'll enjoy it, but it makes you want to work even harder now because you want to be here tomorrow and the next day and the next day.”
Prior to moving into their new digs, the Whitecaps had a temporary setup attached to an arena on UBC's campus. Practices often took place at a field bordered by a running track used by university teams and members of the community at the same time.
Vancouver goalkeeper David Ousted joked he would also no longer have to avoid football players throwing weights around in the shared gym.
“It's huge in the development for the club to get these facilities,” he said. “It lends a little bit of professionalism.
“You feel at home there. It's going to be huge for this team.”
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
A former Governor of Plateau State and senator representing Plateau North, Jonah David Jang, has said President Muhammadu Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) were destroying democracy in the country ahead of 2019.
Sen. Jang said this while briefing journalists, in Jos, the state capital.
He described his indictment on the recent killings in Plateau State as senseless and laughable.
According to Sen. Jang, “I am the senator representing Plateau North, I may be re-contesting the Senate, and I may be contesting a higher position.
“That decision is in the making and the PDP is working very hard to win the election on the Plateau and I am a key figure here on the Plateau.
“So, there seems to be a very deliberate plan to get me out of the way so that I don't participate in any of the electoral processes.
“I just want to make it very clear that if this is the way our politics is going to be, then I am sorry to say that the democracy that we worked hard for is dying.
“I was part of the G-18, G-34, that fought for this democracy to come, and the G34 formed the PDP, and PDP nurtured democracy for 16 years.
“But now, the APC as a party has come and wants to destroy it by trying to make sure that there is no opposition.
“They want Nigeria to become a one party state, and I believe that this is a subtle way of destroying democracy in Nigeria.
“But by the grace of God, it will not happen. This democracy has come to stay, and we are going to participate fully and no amount of threat will stop us from taking over power as a party in Nigeria in 2019.”
Jang raised alarmed over alleged grand plan by the APC government in the country to incarcerate him ahead of the 2019 general election and vowed to put a stop to the misrule of President Muhammadu Buhari.
He dismissed his indictment in the recent massacre in Plateau State, saying the over 200 persons killed in the attack were his relatives and constituents who gave him mandate as Governor and Senator representing Plateau North.
Jang said he had directed his lawyers to take legal action against those who linked him in the killings and vowed to pursue the case to a logical conclusion.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
Seattle bars and restaurants can no longer offer plastic straws and utensils under a rule that aims to reduce marine plastic pollution.
Seattle bars and restaurants can no longer offer plastic straws and utensils under a rule that aims to reduce marine plastic pollution.
The International Space Station got its first robot with artificial intelligence Monday, along with some berries, ice cream and identical brown mice.
The International Space Station got its first robot with artificial intelligence Monday, along with some berries, ice cream and identical brown mice.
(NASA TV via AP). In this frame from NASA TV, a SpaceX cargo capsule approaches the International Space Station on Monday, July 2, 2018, to deliver the first robot with artificial intelligence in orbit.
(NASA TV via AP). In this frame from NASA TV, a SpaceX cargo capsule approaches the International Space Station on Monday, July 2, 2018, to deliver the first robot with artificial intelligence in orbit.
A new federal study finds that honeybees in the Northern Great Plains are having a hard time finding food as conservation land converts to row crops.
A new federal study finds that honeybees in the Northern Great Plains are having a hard time finding food as conservation land converts to row crops.
(Sarah Scott/The Ohio State University via AP). This June 2015 photo provided by The Ohio State University shows a bee on a flower in Southwest Minnesota. A new federal study finds that honeybees in the Northern Great Plains are having a hard time find...
(Sarah Scott/The Ohio State University via AP). This June 2015 photo provided by The Ohio State University shows a bee on a flower in Southwest Minnesota. A new federal study finds that honeybees in the Northern Great Plains are having a hard time find...
A massive wildfire in rural Northern California has exploded in size and forced evacuations in hot, dry weather sweeping several Western states where blazes are threatening thousands of homes.
A massive wildfire in rural Northern California has exploded in size and forced evacuations in hot, dry weather sweeping several Western states where blazes are threatening thousands of homes.
(AP Photo/Noah Berger). Flames rise around an outbuilding as the County fire burns in Guinda, Calif., Sunday July 1, 2018. Evacuations were ordered as dry, hot winds fueled a wildfire burning out of control Sunday in rural Northern California, sending ...
(AP Photo/Noah Berger). Flames rise around an outbuilding as the County fire burns in Guinda, Calif., Sunday July 1, 2018. Evacuations were ordered as dry, hot winds fueled a wildfire burning out of control Sunday in rural Northern California, sending ...
Amazon's Prime Day deals are coming to the aisles of Whole Foods as the online retailer seeks to lure more people to its Prime membership after recently hiking up the price.
Amazon's Prime Day deals are coming to the aisles of Whole Foods as the online retailer seeks to lure more people to its Prime membership after recently hiking up the price.
(AP Photo/John Minchillo, File). FILE - In this Feb. 8, 2018, file photo, Amazon Prime Now bags full of groceries are loaded for delivery by a part-time worker outside a Whole Foods store in Cincinnati. Amazon's Prime Day deals are coming to the aisles...
(AP Photo/John Minchillo, File). FILE - In this Feb. 8, 2018, file photo, Amazon Prime Now bags full of groceries are loaded for delivery by a part-time worker outside a Whole Foods store in Cincinnati. Amazon's Prime Day deals are coming to the aisles...
What's new for Amazon's Prime Day? Deals at Whole Foods
What's new for Amazon's Prime Day? Deals at Whole Foods
Why they fight: US and China are locked in trade brawl over high-tech industries of future.
Why they fight: US and China are locked in trade brawl over high-tech industries of future.
(AP Photo/Ng Han Guan). Workers carry boxes of LED lights into a renovation site in Beijing, China, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Barring a last-minute breakthrough, the Trump administration on Friday will start imposing tariffs on $34 billion in Chinese impo...
(AP Photo/Ng Han Guan). Workers carry boxes of LED lights into a renovation site in Beijing, China, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Barring a last-minute breakthrough, the Trump administration on Friday will start imposing tariffs on $34 billion in Chinese impo...
Why they fight: US and China brawl over high technology
Why they fight: US and China brawl over high technology
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, i...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended his reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto her title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer, told The Associated Press. "Joey said, 'look at my plates' and Carmen said 'look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than he consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated his 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said she was attending the competitive eating competition to support her husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," she said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Put simply, the patriots of the 1760s and early 1770s were a motley crew of widows and workers, sailors and squatters, slaveholders and fortune seekers driven by diverse and often unsavory motives. At the time, they sounded much like their contemporaries across the Atlantic: loud, proud, always citing their rights under the British “Constitution,” the general term for the established laws and governmental forms of the empire. They assumed that this constitution was perfect and never dared to think beyond it.
TOKYO: Japan's Toshiba Corp on Wednesday asked creditors for an extension of a waiver for a loan covenant violation until the end of March, financial sources who were briefed on the matter said.
The request comes one day after the beleaguered conglomerate failed to deliver audited third-quarter earnings as scheduled, instead saying it needed more time to look at potential problems at its Westinghouse division.
It also said it expected to book US$6 billion writedown on its U.S. nuclear business that will wipe out shareholders' equity and may sell a majority stake in its prized flash-memory chip unit.
Toshiba made the request at the meeting with banks and life insurers, the sources said, declining to be identified as they were not authorized to speak to the media on the matter.
Toshiba was granted a one-month waiver by its banks in January. Cuts to credit ratings after the TVs-to-nuclear conglomerate warned of a large writedown put it in violation of a loan covenant, which could prompt lenders to call in loans early.
A Toshiba spokesman declined to comment.
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
Our sister site, CrackBerry, performed a drop test for the BlackBerry KEYone. They also dropped a Galaxy S8 and an iPhone 7 Plus. Ouch ... that hurt.
Whenever a new phone comes out, someone bites the bullet and puts it through its paces, testing drops from all angles and under various circumstances. CrackBerry, Kevin Michaluk (AKA: CrackBerry Kevin) was the sucker hero to step up to the task with the new BlackBerry KEYone. To show comparisons, he also drop-tested a Galaxy S8 and Apple's flagship iPhone 7 Plus. Kevin doesn't just real-world drop test his phones, though. He takes it to the extreme.
It starts off fairly innocuous — drops from waist height on the carpet, drops from desks (standing desk height), and even drops from unusually high levels, though not unheard of.
Shortly after that, things get rough. Let me warn you, this video is not for the iPhone-loving faint at heart (or Galaxy or BlackBerry for that matter).
Which phone faired the best in CrackBerry Kevin's maniacal drop test? No spoilers. You'll have to see for yourself.
BlackBerry KEYone shows it can take a beating in this 'real world' durability test
NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks finished solidly higher on Monday (Aug 14), joining most global equity markets that gained on easing concerns about North Korea.
Pentagon chief Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in an opinion piece for The Wall Street Journal that the United States favours a diplomatic solution to the stand-off with Pyongyang, especially with help from China, though they stressed diplomacy is "backed by military options."
Investors greeted the more conciliatory tone after US stocks dropped three days in a row last week on President Donald Trump's vow of "fire and fury" if North Korea continued to pursue its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programmes.
"The sell-off was triggered mostly by the heated rhetoric over North Korea. The president used some language that shocked many investors," said Alan Skrainka, chief investment officer of Cornerstone Wealth Management.
"It was an immediate reaction from investors to concerns that a military action was possible and now people are taking the issue more in stride."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 135.39 points (0.62 per cent) to 21,993.71.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The broad-based S&P 500 rose 24.52 ponts (1.00 per cent) to 2,465.84, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced 83.68 points (1.34 per cent) to 6,340.23.
Banks were strong, with JPMorgan Chase gaining 1.1 per cent, Goldman Sachs adding 1.5 per cent and Bank of America up 2.3 per cent.
Technology shares were also mostly up, with Apple, Amazon and Facebook all advancing about 1.5 per cent.
But energy shares were under pressure as oil prices tumbled. Apache and Devon Energy both lost nearly two per cent and Dow member Chevron declined 0.5 per cent.
WASHINGTON: An Iranian drone came within 1,000 feet (300 meters) of a U.S. aircraft carrier while it was in international waters in the Gulf conducting flight operations, a spokesman for the U.S. Naval Forces Central Command said on Monday.
A drone "conducted an unsafe and unprofessional approach" as it passed by the USS Nimitz without navigation lights late on Sunday, said spokesman Lieutenant Ian McConnaughey.
Controllers for the drone did not respond to radio requests for communications, he said.
U.S. officials have complained of numerous unsafe and unprofessional interactions between the United States and Iranian maritime forces this year.
Last Tuesday, a U.S. official said an Iranian drone had approached a U.S. fighter jet as it prepared to land on the aircraft carrier. The official said at the time that it was the 13th such incident in 2017.
McConnaughey said the lack of lights on the drone in the latest incident could have caused a collision and violated "international maritime customs and laws."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Trump administration has recently struck a hard line on Iran, saying Tehran was violating the spirit of an accord struck by the Obama administration that lifted sanctions and sought to curb Iran's nuclear aspirations.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Writing by Makini Brice; Editing by Tim Ahmann and James Dalgleish)
A day after a report of LG's new iris scanning technology surfaced, new reports are beginning to suggest that Samsung is also planning to pack the upcoming Galaxy S9 with an improved iris scanner.
According to a report by the Korean Herald, Samsung, one of the pioneering brands of the iris scanning technology in smartphones, is looking to improve on the technology to make it safer for banking transactions and other security purposes. As per the report, the Korean giant is working on both hardware and software end to improve the biometric verification feature.
An unnamed Samsung source close to publication stated, "The iris camera lens will be improved to 3 megapixels from 2 megapixels of Galaxy S8 and Galaxy Note 8 to capture clearer images. The scanner will better recognise users' irises even when they wear eyeglasses, move their eyeballs or are in a too dark or too light environment." The source also went on to mention that the current 1 second response time of the scanner will also be cut down.
The source without revealing any details about the Galaxy S9 also stated,"Iris scanner is the safest biometric authentication (among current biometric technologies) and we will continue to improve the system for upcoming smartphones for safer banking transactions."
The report states that Samsung could be looking to expand its iris scanning technology to its budget and mid-range offerings by the end of 2018 or early 2019. The move is expected to ensure a wider transition to mobile banking and financial services.
AIIMS declared results of its MBBS online entrance test on Thursday, after a government panel rejected allegations of question paper leak.
The results, declared around 2:15 am, are available on the official website, aiimsexams.org, and also on the websites of other six AIIMS. The entrance examination for the MBBS course was conducted on 28 May at various centres across the country and around 2.8 lakh students appeared in it.
On 31 May, Anand Rai, who exposed the Vyapam scam in Madhya Pradesh, had alleged that the question papers of this year's entrance exam for the MBBS course were leaked, following which the institute had constituted the committee to probe how snapshots of the test came out in public.
The AIIMS committee in its report has stated that there was no question paper leak though some candidates in an examination centre in Uttar Pradesh indulged in cheating in connivance with some officials.
It also recommended a CBI probe into the matter. The sources said the premier medical institute through its internal mechanism has identified the candidates and the centre.
Rai, in a series of tweets, posted images of question papers of the entrance examination. He claimed to have received the question paper screenshots from a source who said these were leaked from a college in Lucknow when the online test was on. Rai had also tagged the Prime Minister's Office in his tweet and sought a CBI enquiry into the issue.
A meteor shower could be visible from the UK this weekend with dozens of shooting stars streaking across the sky.
The Draconid meteor shower spawns from the comet 21P/Giacobini-Zinner, which rounds the Sun every 6.6 years, and occurs every year in October.
On Saturday and Sunday, there is a reasonable chance of Earth passing through a swarm of debris left in the comet's wake, leading to meteors which appear as bright shooting stars when they enter the atmosphere and burn up.
The meteor shower is most likely to be visible in the direction of the constellation of Draco, the Dragon, in the northern sky, just before nightfall.
The best way to observe meteors is with the naked eye rather than through binoculars or a telescope.
A second meteor shower, the Orionids, will also take place later this month, peaking on October 21.
How to watch them
Most meteor showers can be best viewed in the darkness of night, The Draconid and The Orionids meteor showers can be best viewed right after sunset with viewers in Northern America, Europe and Asia best placed to see the stars.
You don't need to be a seasoned astronomer to catch a glimpse of the meteor displays either, just escape the city and go to an area with little artificial light and you should be able to see these shooting stars without even a telescope.
The annual event will see around 10 to 20 meteors shoot through the sky per hour so keep your eyes peeled and wrap up warm.
Your best bet close to home is to head for the unlit stretches of the coast. However, if you want to try further field, head out to Northumberland National Park. Kielder in particular is famed for its "Dark Skies".
Derwent Reservoir, Weardale and other spots in the North Pennines designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty are also good Dark Skies spots, as are locations on the North York Moors.
Bombardier Inc is unlikely to announce new CSeries orders at the Paris Air Show next week, as it grapples with broader market weakness, though demand for smaller regional aircraft is growing, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters.
MONTREAL: Bombardier Inc is unlikely to announce new CSeries orders at the Paris Air Show next week, as it grapples with broader market weakness, though demand for smaller regional aircraft is growing, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters.
Expectations are growing for the Canadian plane-and-train-maker to announce new orders for its fuel-efficient 110-to-130 seat CSeries jets after it failed to secure any substantial orders in about a year.
But even as some market observers look to showcase events like Paris, which are used to launch products and make order announcements, planemakers are bracing for softer sales in 2017 after a prolonged order boom.
"I think it is a slow time period because there was this binge of orders in the last few years," said the person, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to the media. "Airlines are still trying to figure out their fleet plans."
Bombardier did not announce any orders for the CSeries jets at the Farnborough Airshow last year, but won key sales campaigns from Delta Air Lines and Air Canada in the months preceding the event.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lack of new orders could be one factor weighing on the stock which fell as much as 10 percent last Friday after the U.S International Trade Commission gave a green light to start an anti-dumping probe against the CSeries for alleged unfair subsidies.
"We are encouraged by the discussions we are having with our potential customers on all our platforms, but deals will be announced once they are signed," Bombardier spokesman Bryan Tucker said.
As of December 2016, the CSeries had recorded 360 firm orders and most capacity is sold out through 2020. Average list prices as of January, 2017 were US$79.5 million for the 110-seat CS100 and US$89.5 million for the 130-seat CS300, but airlines typically receive discounts of around 50 percent on aircraft.
Bombardier has said it is comfortable with the company's existing CSeries sales, and head of commercial aviation Fred Cromer recently dismissed suggestions that Boeing Co 's anti-dumping complaint would slow orders.
Cromer would not comment on the timing of orders, or expectations for Paris, which he said would serve to showcase new products.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Bombardier, however, sees replacement opportunities in the regional jet market ‎as aging planes are retired and operators shift from 50 seaters to larger regional aircraft, Tucker said.
Mesa Air Group, a Phoenix-based regional airline which operates jets by Bombardier and rival Embraer SA , is considering the future of the CRJ-900s it ordered in the early 2000s.
"We are looking at a number of fleet replacement strategies as the aircraft are getting older," said Mesa chief executive Jonathan Ornstein by phone last Thursday.
(Reporting By Allison Lampert; Editing by Denny Thomas and Bernard Orr)
The 12th annual Stratford High School Senior Recognition/Athletic Hall of Fame dinner will take place Friday, May 18, at 6:30 p.m. at Vazzano's Four Seasons Catering and Banquet, 337 Kenyon Street, Stratford.
All senior athletes who earned a varsity letter during the school year will be honored and receive a commemorative plaque listing the sports, years played, and varsity letters earned. In addition, senior athletes who achieved a 3.2 or higher grade point average during their career will receive a Scholar-Athlete plaque celebrating that accomplishment.
The school will induct two former athletes into its Athletic Hall of Fame which began in 1998. Two-time softball all-stater Nicole Vena Repko (Class of 2007) and soccer all-stater Walter ‘Butch' Carmona (Class of 1992) will bring to 77 the number of athletes and coaches in the SHS Hall of Fame.
In addition the SHS Athletic Department will recognize two other individuals. Stratford's long-time Superintendent of Recreation Pat Patusky (Class of 1972) will receive the Distinguished Service Award and Mike LaPia, president of the Red Devils Booster Club, will be presented the Community Spirit and Service Award.
Tickets for the event are $30 and they may be purchased by contacting SHS Athletic Director Anthony DeAngelo at 203-385-4240 or via email, [email protected]. The deadline for reservations is May 11. Checks should be made out to Stratford High School Athletics.
Following the release of Kendrick Lamar's DAMN. last Friday, the Internet immediately went into hyperdrive over the possibility that the Compton MC would be dropping a second album on Easter. The speculation was based on the fact that the first album was released on Good Friday (the day of Christ's crucification). Kendrick is murdered in the lyrics of DAMN., and there was prevailing thought was that, like Christ, he would resurrect on Easter with a second album. There was also speculation that the second album would be called NATION. (making the album's full title DAMNATION., get it?), and whereas the placement of the “M” on DAMN.'s cover sort of makes it look like Kendrick has devil horns, on the second album, he'd have an “O,” like a halo.
And that was really just the beginning of the conspiracy theory. It was the sort of thing that made a whole lot of sense if you really wanted to believe it, but then you're brought back to the bowels of reality when Sunday comes and goes, there's no new album, and fucking Christ guys, just enjoy the excellent new album he gave you three days prior.
Seemingly never having heard of The King of Limbs Pt. 2, more than a few Redditors subscribed to the theory. One user named Cousin Tyrone was so convinced, he promised to eat a vinyl record in the event nothing was released. Well, with no NATION. being released, Cousin Tyrone has since made good on his promise, as he ground up a vinyl LP in a blender, mixed in some ice cream like a milkeshake, and took a few healthy spoonfuls. And because it's 2017, he of course filmed the whole thing and uploaded it to Internet.
In an accompanying message posted to reddit, Cousin Tyrone wrote:
“I took A LOT of laxatives to help pass the vinyl as fast as possible. It's been around 16 hours since I did this and I'm still feeling the effects of it.
Overall, I do not recommend eating vinyl. I'll answer more questions if you have any.”
If this sort of thing sounds familiar, you may recall that Radiohead fans ate photos of Thom Yorke's face to celebrate the release of A Moon Shaped Pool last year. Fandom is truly weird.
LONDON: Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday (Jun 14).
"Manchester United is delighted to announce the signing of Victor Lindelof from Benfica from July 1, 2017," the winners of a record 20 English titles said on their official website.
"The 22-year-old Swedish international centre back is a versatile defender and will make his debut on the summer tour of the USA in July."
Lindelof, who Benfica said would join United for a fee of €35 million (£30.83 million), is manager Jose Mourinho's first close-season signing after winning the Europa League last month to qualify for next season's Champions League.
Mourinho, who also lifted the League Cup but finished a disappointing sixth in the Premier League, was delighted to have bolstered United's defence.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Victor is a very talented young player, who has a great future ahead of him at United," said Mourinho.
"Our season last year showed us that we need options and quality to add depth to the squad and Victor is the first to join us this summer. I know that our fantastic group of players will welcome him as one of us."
Lindelof cut his teeth as a teenager at third-tier Swedish outfit Vasteras SK, a small club based some 100 kilometres outside Stockholm where he made his senior debut in 2010.
He signed a five-year deal with Benfica's B team in December 2011 and joined them in the summer of 2012.
After three years he moved up to the A team and has not looked back since, winning three Portuguese league titles, playing in the Champions League and making his international debut against Turkey in March 2016.
"I am thrilled to be joining Manchester United," said the defender, who is a superb reader of the game, strong in the tackle and able to pass the ball when he wins possession.
"I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learnt a lot there. But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho.
"I'm keen to get started and make my contribution to the team's efforts to win more trophies."
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
4 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Spain apologised on Friday for a violent police crackdown on Catalonia's independence referendum, in a conciliatory gesture as both sides looked for a way out of the nation's worst political crisis since it became a democracy four decades ago.
BARCELONA/MADRID: Catalan secessionists were working on Friday towards a unilateral declaration of independence from Spain that could be adopted next week in defiance of a court order and increased economic pressure from Madrid.
After Spain's Constitutional Court suspended a session of the Catalan regional parliament set for Monday, which had been expected to endorse an independence declaration, the parliament said the region's pro-independence leader Carles Puigdemont had asked to address the assembly on Tuesday.
Madrid apologised for the first time on Friday for police use of violence in trying to hinder a weekend referendum it had declared illegal. That crackdown raised the temperature of a confrontation that has grown into the worst political crisis for decades in Spain.
A Catalan legislator was quoted by El Mundo newspaper as saying secessionist parties in the Catalan parliament were discussing an independence declaration to be submitted to the assembly next Tuesday.
"We are in talks about a text, with paper and pencil, on the declaration that we want the regional parliament to accept on Tuesday," Carles Riera, a lawmaker from the pro-independence CUP (Popular Unity Candidacy), was quoted as saying.
"Nobody has put forward any scenario of delay, ambiguity or confusion. We are not working on that scenario," he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Catalan parliament announced Puigdemont would speak at a plenary session beginning at 6 p.m. on Tuesday.
The stakes are high for the euro zone's fourth-largest economy. Catalonia is the source of a huge chunk of its tax revenue and hosts multinationals from carmaker Volkswagen to drugs firm AstraZeneca.
The Catalan region's head of foreign affairs, Raul Romeva, told the BBC earlier that the Catalan parliament intended to make a decision on independence, without specifying when.
"Parliament will discuss, parliament will meet. It will be a debate and this is important," Romeva said.
The Spanish government stepped up economic pressure on the Catalan government on Friday by passing a law to make it easier for companies to move their operations around the country, potentially dealing a blow to the region's finances.
RELOCATIONS
Several of the region's biggest companies, including Sabadell, Spain's fifth-largest lender, have already announced plans to move their registered offices elsewhere in Spain.
Catalonia-based utility Gas Natural said its board decided on Friday to move its registered office to Madrid for as long as the legal uncertainty in Catalonia continued. The board of Caixabank, Catalonia's biggest company, was due to meet on Friday to study a possible transfer of its legal base, a source familiar with the situation said.
Spain made a conciliatory gesture in apologising for Sunday's referendum violence, where Spanish police used batons and rubber bullets to stop people voting. The scenes brought worldwide condemnation and fanned separatist feeling but failed to prevent what the Catalan government described as an overwhelming yes vote.
"When I see these images, and more so when I know people have been hit, pushed and even one person who was hospitalised, I can't help but regret it and apologise on behalf of the officers that intervened," Enric Millo, the Spanish government's representative in Catalonia, said in a television interview.
The apology came after the Catalan newspaper La Vanguardia quoted sources in Puigdemont's party as saying a unilateral declaration of independence could be delayed if Madrid made a "gesture", such as withdrawing some Spanish police reinforcements from the region.
CALLS FOR MEDIATION
Amid calls from many groups, including Barcelona soccer club, for a mediated solution to the standoff, Swiss state broadcaster RTS said neutral Switzerland was ready to provide a platform for dialogue between the Spanish government and Catalonia.
The foreign ministry in Bern said Switzerland was in touch with Spain and Catalonia but conditions for talks were not yet ripe.
Puigdemont has called for international mediation to find a way out of the impasse. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has offered all-party political talks to find a solution, opening the door to a deal giving Catalonia more autonomy, but only if the Catalan government gives up any independence ambitions.
"You can't hold talks if people are outside the law," Spanish government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo told reporters after the weekly cabinet meeting.
Secession could fuel separatist-nationalist divisions across the rest of Spain, which only this year saw ETA guerrillas in the northern Basque region lay down their arms after a campaign lasting almost half a century.
Spanish ruling-party lawmakers say Rajoy is considering invoking the constitution to dissolve the regional parliament and force fresh Catalan elections if the region's government goes ahead with an independence declaration.
Romeva's remarks about the Catalan parliament pressing ahead with an independence debate hit Spanish stocks and bonds, including shares in the region's two largest banks, Caixabank and Sabadell.
In a separate development that could raise tensions, Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero appeared in Spain's High Court on Friday to answer accusations he committed sedition by failing to enforce a court ban on holding the referendum.
Unlike national police, Catalonia's force, the Mossos d'Esquadra, did not use force to prevent people voting. Trapero has emerged as a hero for the pro-independence movement.
Spanish Economy Minister Luis de Guindos told Reuters in an interview on Thursday the turmoil was damaging Catalonia, an industrial and tourism powerhouse.
Opinion polls conducted before the vote suggest a minority of around 40 percent of residents in Catalonia back independence. But a majority wanted a referendum to be held, and the violent police crackdown angered Catalans across the divide.
Catalan officials released preliminary referendum results showing 90 percent support in favour of breaking away. But turnout was only about 43 percent as Catalans who favour remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot.
(Reporting by Elisabeth O'Leary, Paul Day, Andres Gonzalez and Rodrigo de Miguel; Writing by Mark Bendeich and Adrian Croft; Editing by Ralph Boulton)
Advertisement
President of the Nigeria Bar Association, NBA, Mr Abubakar Mahmud, SAN, has cautioned the elite class in the northern part of the country against moves to stop the Emir from making public statements, stressing that they should rather heed the postulations of the monarch.
Sanusi's stance on societal issues including marriage and education in northern Nigeria has attracted him criticisms as the Zamfara Governor, Abdulaziz Yari, recently stated that Sanusi is still struggling with empathy, adjudicating with compassion, display of wisdom and embrace of the fear of God, which are all virtues he professes.
Sanusi had earlier identified Yari's attribution of the death of hundreds of persons from Cerebro Spinal Meningitis to divine punishment for the sins committed by Nigerians, as an example of “a complete failure of social policy”.
He told the Zamfara Governor, “Don't give this kind of explanations. That is not an Islamically correct statement to make.You don't have vaccines, you don't have vaccines; Go and get vaccines”.
The monarch had in recent times championed the call for an increase in girl child education, marriage equality, and regulation of marriage to not more than one wife for men who cannot afford it.
But speaking when the Emir opened a new laboratory building at the Aminu Dabo College of Health Science and Technology on Monday, Mahmud asserted that allowing his positions on sensitive issues in the North to prevail was the best way to tackle the problems bedevilling the region and indeed the country.
Advertisement
He said, “Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II is a great transformational leader whom I adore. His positions on issues that border on marriage, education and divorce are ones that should be listened to and allowed sound reasoning to translate and put an understanding on them; not to bash them.
“I plead with the community and elites to allow an atmosphere of wisdom and discourse to thrive not to try and silence voices that are contrary to their views.”
In his remarks, Sanusi said since his emergence as the Emir of Kano, he has been collating data on issues relating to marriage and child birth.
“Every child that is being born in Kano today through the hospitals and even those that are known by my district wards and village heads are well known to me because I have since created a monitored control mechanism that gives me these data,” he said.
While reiterating his call for girl-child education, Sanusi stated that “The people need to prioritise their commitment toward the education of female just like their male counterpart. ‎
“We appeal to everybody, especially well- meaning individuals irrespective of party differences, to provide the environment to aid girl-child education,” he added.
The former CBN governor called for the teaching of critical health related subjects in Nigerian languages including Hausa.
Fake(?) psychic Charlie Haverford is having a weird day in the new teaser for season two of Hulu's original series, Shut Eye.
Shut Eye returns on Wednesday, December 6th.
Things are not as they seem.
Stream all episodes of Shut Eye Season 2 December 6, only on Hulu.
Like Shut Eye on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/ShutEyeonHulu/
Follow Shut Eye on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/ShutEyeOnHulu
Follow Shut Eye on Instagram at http://www.instagram.com/ShutEyeOnHulu
SHUT EYE takes a darkly comedic look at the world of Los Angeles storefront psychics and the organized crime syndicate that runs them. Former magician Charlie Haverford (Jeffrey Donovan) oversees a number of fortune telling parlors on behalf of his violent and domineering Romani kingpin boss, until a blow to the head jars him into a new mindset, making him question everything he has ever believed.
Like this: Like Loading...
Why are the windows round? Why do you cry more easily during flights? We've got the answers to these and other surprising facts about air travel.
Follow our new CNA LIFESTYLE page on Facebook for more travel stories and videos
SINGAPORE: Whenever you're on an airplane, chances are you'll find yourself becoming particularly reflective.
The cramped confines of your window seat are the perfect environment for pondering meaningful questions such as “What are the effects of increasing globalisation?”, “What is the meaning of life?” and “Should I have the chicken or the fish?”
But there are many other things about spending your time inside a sealed metal tube hurtling through the air that you probably never think about until they're drawn to your attention.
For example, the passengers on the recent Air India flight, which ran into severe turbulence, probably never thought about how their plane windows were constructed until one inner pane fell off.
It was all okay, though – the reason being that airplane windows have three layers, with the outermost layer bearing most of the pressure and the inner layer not really doing much more than to look nice and prevent passengers from damaging the other layers.
Advertisement
Advertisement
On that note, have you ever thought about why airplane windows are round? Read on to find out the answer to this and other questions you never knew you had about your in-flight experience.
Q. Why does the in-flight movie make me cry?
On the ground, Bambi's mother's unfortunate demise might leave you feeling stony-hearted. But in the air, even a telco commercial has you blubbering like a baby. The reasons behind this, according to an article released last year on BBC.com, are both biological and psychological.
The next time you find yourself tearing up while watching Up on the plane, blame the lack of oxygen. (Photo: Pixar)
Firstly, since there's less oxygen in the air during a flight, your body feels tired, so you cry more easily.
And secondly, being cocooned in an airplane seat with headphones on and a little screen right up close to your face creates a sense of intimacy and solitude that can lead to heightened emotions.
So, whatever you do, don't start watching Up.
Q. How much fart is in the air at any given time?
Because of cabin pressure changes and the effects of sitting for long hours, it's quite common to feel bloated and gassy on a plane. What happens to the air around you if everybody is extra farty?
Well, according to doctors' estimates, each person breaks wind 10 times every 24 hours, amounting to a total of one litre. In the air, where the pressure is lower, air expands, increasing its volume by about 30 percent. You do the math.
Okay, `fess up. Who had Mexican food at the airport? (Photo: Pixabay)
Thankfully, many airlines use charcoal filters in their air conditioning systems, which helps to limit smells and odours.
Q. Why are there ashtrays on planes when smoking is not allowed?
No, it's not a vestigial design feature they forgot to take out. It is a mandate by the Federal Aviation Administration. An ashtray of some sort is usually fitted within the lavatory because, in the event that a recalcitrant passenger flouts the rules and smokes a cigarette there, they should be able to stub it out safely, instead of causing a fire by chucking it in the trash bin.
Q. Why are plane windows round?
Windows were built with round shapes after it was discovered that two fatal plane crashes in 1954 were caused by structural weaknesses from stresses at the corners of square windows. Having round windows allows the pressure to be distributed more evenly, preserving the integrity of the fuselage.
Round windows are structurally better than square ones. (Photo: Pixabay)
Q. What would happen if all the pilots became incapacitated?
Well, you could technically land the plane yourself. As long as you can figure out how to communicate with someone on the ground – usually by pushing a button to speak with them – they can talk you through the process of navigating towards the nearest airport equipped with autoland, a system that fully automates airplane landings. So, just put everything on auto, and you'll be fine. In theory, that is.
TORONTO -
Nikita Zaitsev is in.
And the Maple Leafs defenceman, as you might imagine, couldn't be happier.
“I'm so excited,” Zaitsev said on Monday morning at the Air Canada Centre. “It was hard to watch the games. Now I feel really good, so I can help the team.”
The Leafs managed to gain a split in the first two games of the best-of-seven opening-round Stanley Cup playoff series against the Washington Capitals without Zaitsev, and there's no doubt that his return to the lineup will help.
Zaitsev was out with an upper-body injury suffered in the last game of the regular season against Columbus. The 25-year-old rookie will be paired with Jake Gardiner, based on what the Leafs used during the morning skate, and the expectation is that Zaitsev and Gardiner will see plenty of the Caps' top line of Nicklas Backstrom between Alex Ovechkin and T.J. Oshie.
Morgan Rielly will have Matt Hunwick as a partner, and Connor Carrick will skate with Martin Marincin.
With Roman Polak done for the season after suffering a right leg injury in Game 2, Zaitsev's return is that much more crucial. For now, at least, we won't come to learn how Alexey Marchenko might fare in a playoff game for the Leafs, and that's probably a good thing.
The defence picture aside, the Leafs are ready to make an impact in this series on home ice. Game 3 on Monday at the ACC will be the first for the organization at home since May 12, 2013, when the Leafs beat the Boston Bruins 2-1 in Game 6 of the first round. The next night, of course, the Leafs blew a 4-1 lead in Game 7 in Boston and were eliminated.
Auston Matthews had no worry about the ability of himself and his teammates to keep their emotions in check in what's sure to be a raucous environment.
“I think that kind of works in our favour, home ice,” Matthews said. “The crowd is going to be pretty excited, it's going to be an unbelievable atmosphere and as players we feed off that. I don't think (the possibility of running around on the ice) is the case. We just play hockey.”
Besides, as Rielly pointed out, it's not as though the Leafs are looking around and thinking they're lucky to be in the playoffs.
“It feels like we've earned the right to be here. It feels like we have proven ourselves that we're worthy to be here, so I think it's good to take advantage of the opportunity and make the most of it instead of being in awe of what's going on around us.
“It really goes a long way when your coach looks you in the eye and says you have earned the right to be here, you have earned the right to compete and play with these guys and then we go out there and we've put forth an effort that we can be proud of. It does a lot for the belief and attitude in this room.”
The Leafs had an opportunity in the past 24 hours to meet with Polak. There has been no confirmation regarding surgery for Polak from the club, but Matthews mentioned it.
“You never want to see someone go down like that,” Matthews said. “Roman is a pretty important part of this team, not only on the ice but off, he has had a lot of experience, so you hope for the best as far as recovery and surgery goes.”
As the Leafs welcome Zaitsev back, there could be a blow to the Capitals' blue line. Karl Alzner did not take part in the morning skate and though the Caps said it was a maintenance issue, they also said his status will be a game-time decision. Alzner has played in 540 consecutive regular-season games.
Matthews, meanwhile, is one of several Leafs rookies in search of his first point in the series. William Nylander, Connor Brown and Zach Hyman also have not yet found the scoreboard.
“We mention (Matthews in game planning), but we are not going out of our way to shadow him or anything ridiculous like that,” Capitals defenceman Matt Niskanen said of Matthews.
“You don't even have to mention it. Everyone knows who the top players are and you have to just know where they are on the ice.
“He has a lot of tools. I haven't seen, really, a skill that he can't do yet.”
tkoshan@postmedia.com
twitter.com/koshtorontosun
The Assessor's office is processing applications for homeowners tax relief between Feb. 13 and May 15, 2018. Homeowners who were 65 as of Dec. 31, 2017 and who meet specific income guidelines may be eligible for the program. Residents who are 100% disabled regardless of age may also be eligible. (CGS §12-170aa to CGS §12-170cc). Current proof of disability must be provided at time of application.
Residents who meet the eligibility requirements may apply at the Stratford Town Hall, 2725 Main Street. Applications will be processed beginning Feb. 13, 2018 on each Tuesday and Thursday from 8:30-11:30 a.m. in the Assessor's office. No appointment is required.
Eligibility guidelines include a maximum annual income of $35,300 for a single person and $43,000 for married couples to receive state tax relief. The town tax relief program income limits are $51,100 for a single person and $51,100 for married couples.
Items required for proof of all income when applying for the Elderly and Disabled Homeowners Program include but are not limited to:
Copy of the 2017 SSA1099 form from Social Security
Copy of a complete income tax return for 2017 including all year-end documents
If no income tax return was filed, submit copies of all 1099 forms, W-2 forms, 1099 Dividend forms, etc.
Receipts for rental income
Pensions, Veteran's Pension or benefits, Railroad retirement
Those who want more information may contact the Assessor's Office at 203-385-4025 or visit the Tax Assessor's page at townofstratford.com/assessor.
The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
ERIN, Wisconsin: The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
A sprawling links-style layout nestled in the bucolic Wisconsin countryside about 35 miles outside Milwaukee, Erin Hills offers a new challenge for the world's best golfers and an equalling daunting test for everyone from volunteers to police.
With no blueprint to follow, getting more than 35,000 spectators, 5,000-plus volunteers, hundreds of media and 156 golfers in and out and around the golf course will be a monumental logistical feat.
"It's tough," United States Golf Association executive director Mike Davis told Reuters on Wednesday. "Not having an event at the same place every year is a challenge because you have different volunteers, different vendors, different police.
"It's not like the Players Championship or the Masters or the John Deere or whatever where it is the same place, so it has its challenges.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Once you've done an event at the same place over and over you get pretty good at it."
As with most big sporting or entertainment events weather is the wildcard, and with blazing temperatures and a threat of violent thunderstorms spectator safety will be a prime concern.
As menacing clouds gathered on Wednesday several spectators who asked red-shirted volunteers where to go if the evacuation siren sounds were told to seek cover, which may prove difficult at a venue with only a handful of permanent buildings on site.
With just one two-lane road leading in and out of Erin Hills and only 300 parking spaces on site the U.S. Open will be a major traffic headache for both fans and police.
"Most of what we are worried about right now is weather-related issues," said Davis. "We are very likely to get some pretty significant rains later today.
"They're predicting more rain Thursday night into Friday morning, likely some on Saturday.
"The normal things you are worried about."
After U.S. Opens at Oakmont and Chambers Bay the last two years came under criticism - the former for a rules controversy and the latter for the condition of putting greens - the USGA is desperate for the 117th edition run smoothly.
While the USGA and organisers believe they have prepared for almost every contingency Davis admitted you never know what can happen.
"We know we've had some issues the last two years," said Davis. "Moving forward we want a nice, smooth U.S. Open.
"But, listen, we're prepared - you never know what's going to happen with Mother Nature.
"You're never going to know what happens with certain rule situations or how the players play the course.
"So you just deal with them and you remain nimble and flexible."
(Editing by Frank Pingue)
A A A
Researcher finds Georgia voter records exposed on internet
By FRANK BAJAK
FILE - This Sept. 22, 2016 file photo shows employees of the Fulton County Election Preparation Center in Atlanta test electronic voting machines. A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's elections. The breach, which left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, was first reported Wednesday, June 14, 2017, by the news site Politico. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) FILE - This Sept. 22, 2016 file photo shows employees of the Fulton County Election Preparation Center in Atlanta test electronic voting machines. A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's elections. The breach, which left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, was first reported Wednesday, June 14, 2017, by the news site Politico. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz) FILE - This Sept. 22, 2016 file photo shows the screen of an electronic voting machine during testing at the Kennesaw State University Center for Election Systems in Kennesaw, Ga. A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's elections. The breach, which left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, was first reported Wednesday, June 14, 2017, by the news site Politico. (AP Photo/Alex Sanz, File) . . 1 of 2 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
HOUSTON (AP) — A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's election technology, days before the state holds a closely watched congressional runoff vote on June 20.
The security failure left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, and may have been left unpatched for seven months. The revealed files might have allowed attackers to plant malware and possibly rig votes or wreak chaos with voter rolls during elections.
Georgia is especially vulnerable to such disruption, as the entire state relies on antiquated touchscreen voting machines that provide no hardcopy record of votes, making it all but impossible to tell if anyone has manipulated the tallies.
The true dimensions of the failure were first reported Wednesday by Politico Magazine . The affected Center for Election Systems referred all questions to its host, Kennesaw State University, which declined comment. In March, the university had mischaracterized the flaw's discovery as a security breach.
Logan Lamb, a 29-year-old Atlanta-based private security researcher formerly with Oak Ridge National Laboratory, made the discovery last August. He told The Associated Press he decided to go public after the publication last week of a classified National Security Agency report describing a sophisticated scheme, allegedly by Russian military intelligence, to infiltrate local U.S. elections systems using phishing emails.
The NSA report offered the most detailed account yet of an attempt by foreign agents to probe the rickety and poorly funded U.S. elections system. The Department of Homeland Security had previously reported attempts last year to gain unauthorized access to voter registration databases in 20 states — one of which, in Illinois, succeeded, though the state says no harm resulted.
It also emboldened Lamb to come forward with his findings. Lamb discovered the security hole — a misconfigured server — one day as he did a search of the Kennesaw State election-systems website. There, he found a directory open to the internet that contained not just the state voter database, but PDF files with instructions and passwords used by poll workers to sign in to a central server used on Election Day, said Lamb.
"It was an open invitation to anybody pretending to even know a little bit about computers to get into the system," said Marilyn Marks, an election-transparency activist whose Colorado-based foundation participated in a failed lawsuit that sought to bar the use of paperless voting machines in next week's election.
The directory of files "was already indexed by Google," Lamb said in an interview — meaning that anyone could have found it with the right search. Lamb said he notified the center's director, Merle King, who assured him the hole would be patched and who asked to keep his discovery to himself.
Politico reported that the center never notified the secretary of state's office, which oversees elections and contracts with Kennesaw State to manage the technology part. The Associated Press left a phone message and sent email to King seeking comment but he did not immediately respond.
Lamb said he decided not to disclose the problem at the time — mostly because he "didn't want to needlessly escalate things" prior to the Nov. 8 general election. But in March, a security colleague Lamb had told about the flaw, checked out the center's website and discovered that the vulnerabilities had only been partially fixed.
"We were both pretty floored," said Lamb.
The researcher, Chris Grayson, said he, too, was able to access the same voter record database and other sensitive files in a publicly accessible directory. Grayson contacted a friend who is a professor at Kennesaw State. Two days later, the FBI was called in to investigate.
It did not bring charges against either researcher, finding no evidence of illegal entry . "At the end of the day we were doing what we thought was in the best interest of the republic — informing the parties that needed to be privy to this sort of issue," said Grayson.
The special election next Tuesday will fill the seat vacated by Republican Tom Price after he was named Health and Human Services Secretary. It has attracted national attention, including that of President Donald Trump, for whom it could be a bellwether.
First-time candidate Jon Ossoff is a Democrat with a national security background. His GOP opponent is former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel.
SINGAPORE: For investors seeking an asset class that "fares more attractively than the average rental yield", Singapore Exchange's (SGX) head of research and products, Mr Chan Kum Kong, said Singapore real estate investment trusts (S-REITs) is an "interesting segment".
“If you were to compare REITs with the physical market for the average individual investors out there, your rental yield is probably in the range of about 3 per cent and on top of that you obviously have to pay tax, based on the personal income in bracket.
"And in the case of the dividend yield from REITs, it's about 6 to 7 per cent and from a tax standpoint, it's very efficient because it's tax exempt for both local and foreign individuals,” he said.
Ms Alice Tan, Singapore director and head of consultancy and research at Knight Frank agrees with him, saying: “In an environment of low yields, investors are essentially looking out for stable and higher yields compared to the general equities market so Singapore REITs actually provide a good alternative source of investment where yields are perceived to be stable.”
REITs are securities that invest in a diversified pool of professionally managed real estate assets. They raise capital to purchase primarily real estate assets, usually with a view to generate income for unit holders of the fund.
SGX has said that like stocks, REITs have market risk – that is, unit prices can move against the investor's expectations. It also noted that other risks associated with stock investing, such as price risk, volatility and liquidity risks also apply.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In a recent market report by the exchange, it said all 31 S-REITs have given investors an average total return of 17.6 per cent for the period spanning January to Aug 4 this year.
It also showed that total returns ranged from 8 per cent on the low end for Fortune REIT to 30 per cent on the highest end for CDL Hospitality Trusts.
Significant institutional investor interest in REITs over the last four months has brought cumulative inflows to S$133.6 million, it added.
The SGX REIT 20 Index - a market cap-weighted benchmark that measures the performance of the 20 largest trusts in the sector - generated a 18.8 per cent total return in the first 31 weeks of the year. That figure was up from a total return of 16 per cent for the same period last year.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Mr Chan said: “The next stage in terms of growth would definitely be more overseas assets coming in. I think the platform is recognised, there is a lot of interest from investors and from the issuers' standpoint, they are looking to tap this platform in terms of recycling of capital.”
RETAIL REITS VERSUS RISE IN E-COMMERCE
On the impact of e-commerce on retail REITS, Knight Frank's Ms Tan said: “Retail REITs, especially those that have suburban malls in Singapore, do seem to have a better short-term potential of maintaining their dividend yields as these malls are able to catch a stronger and stable catchment of shoppers. The challenge that they face could be elevated asset prices.”
However, she said that the rise of e-commerce has proved to be a plus for those betting on the higher demand for warehouse space that is indispensable for the growth of online retailing.
"As e-commerce changes, the need for centralised storage of goods and deployment of goods to households and individuals are becoming more (important) than before. Industrial could become the new retail."
As for hospitality REITs, Knight Frank said the sector needs to explore new ways of offering their accommodation packages - citing the prevalence of shorter expatriate terms and business engagements in Singapore.
Meanwhile, on the office front, OCBC remains optimistic that rents will bottom out going forward, but acknowledges that risks still remain.
Mr Andy Wong, investment research analyst at the bank, said: “In near term, there could still be some pressure on rentals and occupancy since there is still relatively ample amount of supply that's coming on-stream for the second half of 2017.
“In terms of demand ... we've actually seen more inquiries on the ground, but whether that will actually translate to actual lease signings will ... depend on the global economic recovery.”
Ms Tan said the “global economic recovery” will give the office market a much-needed boost.
“The office market could ride on this strong positive prospect with the potential improvement in office rents as new supply of prime Grade A office space tapers off beyond 2018. That could be positive rental upside that is compelling for REITs to offer higher dividends for their investors,” she said.
LOOKING FORWARD
OCBC said the woes of a looming interest rate hike could still linger, but REIT managers are taking measures to prevent it from dampening investor sentiment.
Mr Wong said: “The probability of another rate hike by the end of the year currently stands at slightly above 40 per cent. And if you look at Federal Reserve chairperson Janet Yellen's recent testimony to Congress, she actually mentioned that the neutral rate for the federal funds rate in the longer term will likely come in below what was seen previously.
“If you look at what the REITs have done in terms of risk management – on average they have already hedged approximately 78 per cent of their borrowings, so this means they will be relatively buffered against any fluctuations in interest rates at least in the near term.”
Universal Pictures/Photofest; Chiabella James/Universal Studios Brendan Fraser (left) and Tom Cruise
The 1999 film harkened back to ‘Indiana Jones,' while the new installment is more interested in setting up a shared universe.
“Where's your sense of adventure?” is a question that Tom Cruise poses multiple times in The Mummy. The 2017 film may be a revival of the iconic horror movie character from Universal Pictures, but that question suggests something more in line with the Indiana Jones films, as does the fact that Cruise's character is a treasure hunter at his core. Tom Cruise may not be the first choice to play an Indiana Jones-esque explorer, but it's hard not to make the connection, especially considering that this isn't the first stab at a Mummy remake from Universal; a 1999 version, starring Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz, owed a great debt to the Indiana Jones series. Unfortunately, the 1999 film did a much better job of paying homage to Harrison Ford's adventurer.Director Stephen Sommers' take on The Mummy arguably made more sense in placing its hero, Rick O'Connell, as an Indiana Jones type; the film takes place in 1926, roughly a decade before the first three Indiana Jones films. The new version of The Mummy, directed by Alex Kurtzman, takes place primarily in the present day, excluding a couple of exposition-heavy flashbacks. But it's hard for the kind of spirit evinced by the Indiana Jones films to be replicated in the present. (It's no coincidence that last week's exciting Wonder Woman movie, a welcome throwback to the upbeat comic-book adventures of old, takes place a hundred years in the past outside of brief bookends.) So perhaps another complete Indiana Jones-like version of The Mummy would have been impossible. However, the new movie does try to echo the Steven Spielberg-directed films in fits and starts. Cruise plays Nick Morton, a military man/treasure hunter, an inverted version of Harrison Ford's hero. He has a push-pull relationship with archeologist Jenny Halsey (Annabelle Wallis) that's sometimes reminiscent of the failed romance in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (at one point, as in the 1989 film, Nick and Jenny wind up in an overturned tomb, with only a few inches of breathable air below a vast ocean of water). Nick's friendship with his fellow soldier of fortune Chris (Jake Johnson) feels similar not only to Indy and his trusty sidekick Sallah (John Rhys-Davies), but to the '99 Mummy, with Rick O'Connell's contentious relationship with the shifty Beni (Kevin J. O'Connor).
Thus, there are elements of the Indiana Jones films in this new Mummy, which means that there are also more than a few elements of the '99 Mummy here. (One image that's hard to forget, and is repeated here: the mummy's roaring face appearing at the front of a massive sandstorm.) Largely, this new Mummy exists not to weave a rousing adventure yarn or to embrace the old-school horror of the 1932 original. No, this Mummy is all about building out the shared universe of characters known as the Dark Universe. After the Universal Pictures logo, the Dark Universe logo makes its first appearance on the big screen, leading into a narration from Russell Crowe as Dr. Henry Jekyll; this functions as a statement of purpose much more than any of Cruise's derring-do ever could.
The continuing success of the Marvel Cinematic Universe has been arguably one of the most important points of mainstream cinema in the 21st century, for better or worse. It's only because of the MCU that we have a DC Extended Universe, or a would-be six-film franchise about King Arthur, or an ever-expanding series with Jekyll, the Mummy, the Bride of Frankenstein, the Invisible Man and more. Putting the cart before the horse didn't work for King Arthur: Legend of the Sword, and the jury's out on whether it'll work for The Mummy, though the early reports (and the film itself) aren't encouraging. With the summer movie season approaching its halfway point, what would be nice is if studios like Universal take a lesson from the two biggest creative successes so far: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 and Wonder Woman. The lesson should not be “Build out shared universes.” The lesson should be “Make movies that are fun.”
The Mummy (1999) was not made in a vacuum: Universal was hoping to revive its 1930s-era horror movie characters into a big franchise. (Sommers, after his two Mummy movies, directed Van Helsing, which would have further expanded the series.) But it manages to both be heavily indebted to the Indiana Jones films while also being a fun, rip-roaring thrill ride of its own. The new Mummy wants to be too many things: a shared-universe kickstarter, an exciting adventure, a swooning romance, etc. So it's unable to be good at any of those, especially its attempt to mirror Marvel's success.
There's nothing inherently wrong with remaking The Mummy; the 1999 film (itself a remake) is a lot of dumb fun, but just that. There's nothing inherently wrong with a studio wanting to create a franchise for itself to rake in cash a la Marvel. But The Mummy (2017) falls into every possible trap by focusing too much on the long con of getting audiences to buy into a decade of movies, instead of focusing on the story it's supposed to be telling, even if that story is mildly derivative, as the '99 film was of the Indiana Jones films. By aiming too high, the new Mummy falls very far.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
South Carolina mom who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped is charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, a day after infant was found dead in a diaper box.
South Carolina mom who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped is charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, a day after infant was found dead in a diaper box.
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
(Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office via AP). This May 29, 2018 photo made available by the Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office, S.C., shows Breanna Lewis under arrest. The mother, who said her 11-month-old daughter was kidnapped on Tuesday, May 29, ...
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed Ambien for her offensive tweet, but the drug's odd side effects don't include racism.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed Ambien for her offensive tweet, but the drug's odd side effects don't include racism.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability."
The announcement came hours after Weinstein's lawyers said he'd decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare him and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
A statement issued through a Weinstein spokesman said the 66-year-old film producer, who has denied the allegations, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday. With a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not, his request for more time was denied, the statement said.
"Finally, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Vance said in a statement that the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, he was due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and his lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear his name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her.
The other accuser in the case, former actress Lucia Evans, has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
How much did “Roseanne” account for? The new show's nine-episode first season—or its 10th, counting the original nine-season run that ended in 1997—brought $45 million in ad revenue during its run from March 27 through May 22, according to an estimate by the advertising data firm Kantar Media. That was expected to rise to $60 million for the 13 episodes ABC originally ordered for the next season, which has now been canceled, Kantar said.
WASHINGTON: Former Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe wrote a confidential memo last spring recounting a conversation that provided "significant behind-the-scenes" details on the firing of former FBI director James Comey, the New York Times reported on Wednesday (May 30).
The Times reported that McCabe had turned in his memo to Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether Moscow colluded with President Donald Trump's campaign to meddle in the 2016 US election. Comey's firing is one part of Mueller's inquiries into whether Trump tried to obstruct the investigation.
Advertisement
McCabe and the Justice Department declined to comment to the Times.
The Times reported, citing several people familiar with the discussion, that in the document McCabe described a conversation at the Justice Department with Deputy Attorney General Rod J Rosenstein after Comey was abruptly fired.
Rosenstein had played a main role in Comey's May 2017 dismissal, writing a memo in which he rebuked Comey over his handling of an investigation into Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton during the election campaign.
Former FBI Director James Comey arrives for a taping of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert in the Manhattan borough of New York City, Apr 17, 2018. (Photo: Reuters/Brendan McDermid)
Advertisement
Advertisement
But in the meeting at the Justice Department Rosenstein added a new detail: that Trump had originally asked him to reference Russia in his memo, The Times reported, citing the sources familiar. Rosenstein did not elaborate on what Trump had wanted him to say, according to the newspaper.
Trump's lawyers have cited Rosenstein's involvement in Comey's firing as proof that there was no effort to obstruct justice, the Times reported.
The Times reported that Trump wanted Rosenstein to mention that he was not personally under investigation in the Russia probe, but Rosenstein did not include the reference. Until his dismissal, Comey had been leading an investigation into the Trump campaign's possible collusion with Russia.
The Kremlin has denied meddling in the election and Trump has denied that there was any collusion between his campaign and Moscow officials.
The state legislative session begins Monday, and it's going to be a tough one.
Lawmakers have to fill a hole in this year's budget then fill an even bigger hole in next year's budget, as they consider increasing taxes give the state some stability.
Since lawmakers passed an unconstitutional tax on tobacco last year, they still have to fill a $65-million budget hole this year. The state may also have to pay an additional $75-million to medical colleges in the state for graduate medical education benefits through the healthcare authority.
Going into next year, the state faces a budget deficit of somewhere between 250-and-650 million dollars. It's hard to say for sure until we know how much the state has brought in in tax collections.
During Governor Mary Fallin's final state of the state address of her career, “My big focus this year is going to be on solving the budget crisis and putting us on a stable path forward. Getting some predictability. Getting rid of the uncertainty we've been experiencing for the last many years.”
Specifically, the governor will urge lawmakers to back the so-called “Step Up OK” Plan. That's a combination of revenue raisers and government reforms proposed by a group of business and community leaders. The revenue raisers include an increase on the taxes on tobacco, gasoline and diesel fuel, and the production of oil and natural gas called gross production.
Read Related Story: Former Governors Endorse ‘Step Up Oklahoma' Plan
The governor wants voters on board. “Step up, call your legislators and tell them to fix these issues. We have a plan that is bi-partisian. Has brought everybody to the table. There are things in there I don't like. Things I do like.”
The number one plan the governor like, “Of course the teacher pay raise is the big thing. It will go a long ways if we can find a raise for our teachers because education is the key to success in our state.”
The changes proposed by Step Up OK would bring in about $750- million in new revenue each year, with about $285 million of that going to provide $5,000 annual raises for teachers and principals.
- Advertisement -
The Defence Ministry has cautioned the public not to align with those sponsoring a campaign of calumny against the leadership of the Nigerian Army in its fight against Boko Haram.
Spokesman of the Defence Minister, Col. Tukur Gusau, said the campaign was aimed at smearing the name and rubbishing the efforts of the Federal Government at fighting Boko Haram.
He said: “The Government has come across information on sponsored campaign of calumny against the Nigerian Military leadership.
“The orchestrated campaign of calumny is aimed at smearing the name and rubbishing the efforts of the Federal Government at fighting the menace of Boko Haram, although they intend to create the impression that they were fighting corruption and to instil good governance.
- Advertisement -
“However, from all indications, their motive is far from noble.”
According to their plan, the campaign will be centred on, but not limited to, the following line of thoughts:
“That the Boko Haram terrorists still exist in numbers in several camps within Nigerian territory and that the terrorists are only being disturbed by the effort of the Nigerian Air Force, who were able to disperse them, while the Nigerian Army does nothing other than telling stories.
“They want to buttress this through the recent isolated attacks on soft targets by fleeing remnants of Boko Haram terrorists.”
- Advertisement -
Egypt and Russia signed a final contract on Monday for the building of Egypt's first nuclear power plant, during a visit to Cairo by President Vladimir Putin.
The contract to build the plant in Dabaa on the Mediterranean coast was signed during a live ceremony shown on state television and attended by the Russian leader and Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.
- Advertisement -
The contract was signed by the head of Russian state nuclear company Rosatom, Alexei Likhachev, and Egypt's electricity and renewable energy minister, Mohamed Shaker.
Egyptian media reports put the cost of the plant at around $30 billion.
The two countries signed two agreements in November 2015 for Russia to finance and build the power plant, with four 1,200 megawatt reactors, in Dabaa.
The search for a school bus that was stolen in Hamilton last week is over.
Hamilton Police have recovered the stolen Attridge Bus,unoccupied . The BEAR Unit continues to investigate. Thanks to all who had eyes out their for us. #HamOnt pic.twitter.com/UGUtf7kkyk — Hamilton Police (@HamiltonPolice) December 11, 2017
Hamilton Police confirm that the Attridge bus, which was taken from a compound on Rennie Street on Friday, has been recovered, unoccupied.
Police add that their investigation continues.
READ MORE: Hamilton police searching for stolen school bus
Police have said that the stolen bus was involved in several “incidents” throughout the city over the weekend.
At one point, the driver filled up at a local gas station and then left without paying.
Dodgeball stars Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn are suiting up for a rematch in aid of charity, 13 years after starring in the comedy film.
The Hollywood actors have reprised their roles from 2004 hit Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story in a hilarious sketch on the website Omaze.com.
In the clip, White Goodman (Stiller) explains that he and the Purple Cobras are getting ready to face off against Peter La Fleur's (Vaughn) Average Joes.
Fans taking part have the chance to play a little dodgeball with Stiller himself.
He says: "Sorry to interrupt your internet life, but for the last 13 years while I've been living a sugar-free, protein-forward lifestyle, I've watched as all of you have gotten fatter and dumber with your hashtags and your baes and your Kanyes.
"Everyone is so PC now. Even good old-fashioned bullying is out.
"Well, White Goodman has decided to get with the times."
He continued: "It's time for a little charity dodgeball, bitches."
Participants have to pick between the teams and sign up on the Omaze site.
Money raised will benefit The Stiller Foundation, the actor's nonprofit organisation which supports children around the world by providing educational opportunities for them.
Other stars from the original film are also seen in the clip, including Missi Pyle, Justin Long and Christine Taylor.
A BBC journalist on a reporting trip to cover a health and malnutrition crisis in Indonesia's easternmost area of Papua was forced to leave the province after the country's military said tweets she sent on her trip had "hurt soldiers' feelings".
JAKARTA: A BBC journalist on a reporting trip to cover a health and malnutrition crisis in Indonesia's easternmost area of Papua was forced to leave the province after the country's military said tweets she sent on her trip had "hurt soldiers' feelings".
Papua is one of Indonesia's poorest areas and President Joko Widodo after coming to power in 2014 pledged to speed up its development and ease media restrictions in the area, where there has been a simmering secessionist movement.
But while investment has risen and efforts made to address some human rights concerns, activists say foreign journalists continue to be blocked or face obstacles when trying to report.
Indonesia's military said in a statement that a tweet sent by Rebecca Henschke, BBC Indonesia's editor, had "hurt the feelings of TNI (Indonesian military) personnel" involved in relief efforts in the Asmat area.
Henschke had tweeted a photo of supplies on her personal Twitter account, adding: "This is the aid coming in for severely malnourished children in Papua - instant noodles, super sweet soft drinks and biscuits."
Papua military spokesman Colonel Muhammad Aidi said: "(The food and drink) that she took the picture of at the speedboat pier are not donations or aid. It was merchandise from merchants that was incidentally there." Aidi also described two other tweets as misleading.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Henschke, a Jakarta-based Australian citizen, later took down the photograph and tweeted: "Adding important NOTE: Other sources say this is NOT aid but normal supplies. Huge relief effort underway here."
Indonesia has deployed additional military personnel to help in Asmat, where at least 61 infants are reported to have died from malnutrition and diseases such as measles.
Henschke had asked to be allowed to continue covering the story during questioning by security forces over her tweets on Friday, but was escorted to the city of Timika and held by immigration, the military statement said.
Henschke declined to comment, but a BBC spokesperson said via email: "A BBC team on a deployment to Papua province has now returned to Jakarta. They had the necessary documentation and the authorities were aware of their visit. The BBC respects local laws wherever it operates."
Many Papuans, who are predominantly Christian and a minority in Muslim-majority Indonesia, criticise Jakarta for neglecting Papua and instead being too focussed on the densely-populated island of Java.
Catholic priest and rights activist John Jonga blamed the crisis on a lack of vaccinations and a switch from more nutritious tubers to rice as a staple food. Some of the forest-dwelling Asmat are also reported to be increasingly relying on instant food or energy drinks.
Andreas Harsono of Human Rights Watch said Henschke's treatment showed pledges to open up Papua had not materialised.
"She had her travel permit - the only Indonesian area where foreign journalists need to get a permit to visit - and still got intimidation for a single tweet," said Harsono.
A presidential spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
DHAKA: Akayed Ullah, the man suspected of trying to bomb New York City's Port Authority, had no criminal record in Bangladesh and last visited his home country in September, Bangladesh's police chief told Reuters on Monday.
Inspector General of Police A K M Shahidul Hoque said the information was based on the man's passport number.
The man was from the southeastern Bangladeshi district of Chittagong, Haque said. He last visited Bangladesh on Sept. 8.
Ullah, who had a homemade bomb strapped to his body, set off an explosion at a New York commuter hub during rush hour, injuring himself and three others in what New York Mayor Bill de Blasio called an attempted terrorist attack.
He had burns and lacerations while three other people, including a police officer, had minor injuries.
(Reporting by Serajul Quadir in Dhaka, writing by Krishna N. Das, editing by Larry King)
Advertisement
Mark Black | Staff Photographer
Lisle's Ahniya Melton and Natalie Takahashi scramble for control of the ban with Peotone's Josie Graffeo during the girls sectional semifinal basketball game Tuesday in Lisle.
Nigeria captain John Obi Mikel is relishing a return to England for June's high-profile international friendly against the Three Lions.
The fixture is one of several pre-World Cup warm-ups organised for the Super Eagles, and the West Africans have set themselves a stern test when they meet England, ranked 13th in the World Rankings, at Wembley on June 2.
“The match comes up only two weeks before our first match at the FIFA World Cup,” the three-time FA Cup winner told the NFF's official website. “It will be a big occasion and a big match for both teams as we both look forward to our respective first matches in Russia.
“England is a special place for me having spent so many years playing there, and it is one country I love to go to,” he added.
We're already talking to ourselves and everyone is looking forward to the game.”
Nigeria will begin their World Cup campaign against Croatia in Kaliningrad on June 16 before meeting Iceland in Volgograd six days later.
They conclude their group stage campaign against Argentina in Saint Petersburg on June 26.
The NFF have encouraged Nigerian supporters to buy ‘away tickets' which range from £35-70, with concessions available for students, senior citizens and under-16s.
The match will be the third meeting between the two nations following an England friendly victory in 1994 and a goalless stalemate at the 2002 World Cup.
JAKARTA: Donald Trump's Indonesian business partner has revealed he may follow the example of the brash US billionaire and run for president, a report said on Monday (Jan 2).
Hary Tanoesoedibjo, who is building two Trump Organisation projects, told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation he was considering becoming a candidate in Indonesia's 2019 presidential elections for the sake of the country.
"If there is no one I can believe who can fix the problems of the country, I may try to run for president," said the media mogul and property developer, who has his own political party.
"We need a leader with integrity who can bring a solution for the country," the 51-year-old billionaire added.
If Tanoesoedibjo were to be successful, it could mean there are two world leaders who have been business partners, raising fresh concerns about potential conflicts of interest related to Trump's business empire.
Trump, who will be inaugurated on Jan 20, has sought to allay worries by insisting that "no new deals" will be struck during his presidency and that his two sons will manage his companies.
In Indonesia, Tanoesoedibjo is working on a Trump project outside Jakarta and one on the resort island of Bali, with both in the early stages.
The project close to Jakarta is a 700-hectare development that includes a luxury hotel, a golf course, a country club and villas, according to the Trump Hotels website.
The Bali resort will be built on a clifftop overlooking a famous Hindu temple.
In an earlier interview with the New York Times, Tanoesoedibjo insisted he did not believe the projects represented a conflict of interest for the president-elect.
“His family and children have the freedom to do business as long as it is arm's length and unrelated to the president's position,” he said.
The businessman, whose interests include media company MNC Group, said he has access to Trump although his day-to-day contact is mostly with the children.
"I have access to him, of course, because we are in cooperation, but I have to limit the cooperation and interaction," he told the ABC.
Tanoesoedibjo has long had political ambitions. He made an unsuccessful attempt to win nomination as a vice-presidential candidate for 2014 elections and has now started his own party, United Indonesia.
A previously undetected group of Russian-language hackers silently stole nearly $10 million from at least 18 mostly U.S. and Russian banks in recent years by targeting interbank transfer systems, a Moscow-based security firm said on Monday.
Group-IB warned that the attacks, which began 18 months ago and allow money to be robbed from bank automated teller machines (ATMs), appear to be ongoing and that banks in Latin America could be targeted next.
The first attack occurred in the spring of 2016 against First Data's “STAR” network, the largest U.S. bank transfer messaging system connecting ATMs at more than 5,000 organisations, Group-IB researchers said in a 36-page report.
The firm said it was continuing to investigate a number of incidents where hackers studied how to make money transfers through the SWIFT banking system, while stopping short of saying whether any such attacks had been carried out successfully.
SWIFT said in October that hackers were still targeting its interbank messaging system, but security controls instituted after last year's $81 million heist at Bangladesh's central bank had thwarted many of those attempts.
Group-IB has dubbed the hacker group “MoneyTaker” after the name of software it used to hijack payment orders to then cash out funds through a network of low-level “money mules” who were hired to pick up money from automated teller machines.
The security researchers said they had identified 18 banks who were hit including 15 across 10 states in the United States, two in Russia and one in Britain. Beside banks, financial software firms and one law firm were targeted.
The average amount of money stolen in each of 14 U.S. ATM heists was $500,000 per incident. Losses in Russia averaged $1.2 million per incident, but one bank there managed to catch the attack and return some of the stolen funds, Group-IB said.
Hackers also stole documentation for OceanSystems' Fed Link transfer system used by 200 banks in Latin America and the United States, it said. In addition, they successfully attacked the Russian interbank messaging system known as AW CRB.
Once hackers penetrated targeted banks and financial organisations, they stole internal bank documentation in order to mount future ATM attacks, Group-IB said. In Russia, the hackers continued to spy on bank networks after break-ins, while at least one U.S. bank had documents robbed twice, it said.
Group-IB said it had notified Interpol and Europol in order to assist in law enforcement investigations.
The unidentified hackers used a mix of constantly changing tools and tactics to bypass anti-virus and other traditional security software while being careful to eliminate traces of their operations, helping them to go largely unnoticed. To disguise their moves, hackers used security certificates from brands such as Bank of America, the Fed, Microsoft and Yahoo.
Chalo movie review: Naga Shaurya, Rashmika Mandanna stand out in this quirky comedy
3/5
The Naga Shaurya, Rashmika Mandanna-starrer Chalo turns the concept of cross-border enmity into a hilarious premise that's full of surprises. Directed by newcomer Venkatesh Kudumula, the story is set in a village named Tirrupuram, which is divided between Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu post-bifurcation of Madras Presidency in 1953. As a result, several differences crop up between Tamilians and Telugu-speaking people in the village. And more than half-a-century later, the two factions in the village can't see each other eye-to-eye. As preposterous as the premise might sound, Venkatesh Kudumula turns it into a key part of the conflict between characters and it often leads some unexpected results.
Right in the beginning of the film, we are told that Hari (Naga Shaurya) loves to get into fights. His father gets scared about his son's fate, and one fine day, he gets a brainwave which soon forces Hari to go to Tirrupuram. Hari is shocked to see that there are no fights in his new college, but it doesn't take him too long to figure out that nothing is as it seems in the village. There is a fence that runs right through the village, and the rest of the story is about how Hari brings this fence down to unite the warring factions.
The barb wire fence is an integral part of the story, so much that without its presence, there's no conflict or drama in this film; however, the moment it comes under spotlight, the film too begins to lose its sheen. It's a catch-22 situation, which says so much about the fine line that Venkatesh Kudumula walks to narrate the story. As long as the characters stay away from this fence, Chalo gives us plenty of interesting laugh-out-loud moments, and the sparkling chemistry between Naga Shaurya and newcomer Rashmika Mandanna is a treat to watch. Whether it's the interactions between students, especially those featuring Naga Shaurya, Satya and Harsha, or how the two lead actors fall in love with each other, the first half of the film is the reason why Chalo feels refreshing to a certain extent.
However, something strange happens once the conflict is established. It falls prey to the urge to become a quintessential Telugu film where the sole purpose of a hero is to unite everyone. Naturally, in this film, Naga Shaurya realises that his happiness lies in bringing the fence down and make everyone understand — Kalisi Unte Kaladhu Sukham (Happiness Lies In Unity). And from there onwards, as he sets out on a wild goose chase to be a hero, the film loses its charm reel by reel. The arrival of Vennela Kishore does add some zing to the proceedings, but it just doesn't feel it's right back on track. Watching this film, and the way it ends, made me wonder if the team lost an opportunity to make a full-blown entertainer.
For Naga Shaurya, Chalo feels like a step in the right direction, and he's completely at ease with himself. Since we aren't given ample time to brood over whether or not the premise sounds logical enough, it all boils down to how much Naga Shaurya believes in the story and the backdrop to make us root for him. He succeeds to a good extent, until the story runs out of fuel. Rashmika makes a terrific debut and she's a joy to watch on screen. Chalo also owes a lot to its supporting characters led by Satya and Sudharshan Reddy, who bring plenty of laughs to the proceedings.
The film is also filled with plenty of stereotypes about people from different regions, but thankfully, it stays away from mocking their traits. Chalo, like the title suggests, sets out to offer a fun experience. It's funny as long as the characters stay irreverent, which is what makes a big impression in the first half, but once things take a serious turn, no one quite seems to understand where to head. It's a shame, because for a while, Chalo was surprisingly funny.
Published Date: Feb 03, 2018 16:03 PM | Updated Date: Feb 03, 2018 16:03 PM
Could MY Roswell Be Out Of This World?
It certainly looks that way. Monaco-based yacht designer and artist George Lucian has envisioned this alien-like structure called MY Roswell, in an effort to create the perfect yacht. Inspired by the future and obviously headed that way, this striking vessel is a 65-meter aluminum yacht, designed to have full electric running capabilities.
Supported by two diesel-electric engines and large electric panels, this design was meant to be self-sufficient – its stealth exteriors surely help with that idea. The mesmerizing concept yacht before you was also designed to elude detection, with special patterns and reflective hull surfaces that could minimize radar detection – we're not quite sure if it actually works, but that's a cool idea, nonetheless.
The Roswell controversy will remain forever in our minds, but we never expected this event to inspire a wonderful yacht concept so many years later. Unfortunately we don't have too many details about the features and amenities on board, but we could see a generous swimming pool from these photos, a lounge and dining area.
Large glass doors and walls will create an overwhelming and welcoming atmosphere inside this yacht, although the helicopter landing pad will most likely end up being the center of attention. But this is still just a concept; as cool or strange as it may look, there are no plans to bring it to life yet – but if you're one of those billionaires looking for a new toy, you could send George Lucian an e-mail.
Magic meets the mob in The Magic Order, as five families of magicians sworn to protect our world for generations must battle an enemy who's picking them off one by one.
The Magic Order, written by Mark Millar (Kick-Ass, Wanted, Kingsman) and illustrated by Olivier Coipel (Thor, The Avengers, The Amazing Spider-Man), is the first comics title from Millar's Millarworld imprint, a subsidiary of Netflix.
The Magic Order #1 will be in comics shops on June 13th.
Netflix today unveiled the official trailer for its first comic book — The Magic Order, written by Mark Millar with art from Marvel superstar artist Olivier Coipel (Thor, The Avengers, The Amazing Spider-Man). This series will be six issues long and will be available for sale beginning June 13. The launch of The Magic Order marks the first franchise Millar will create as part of the recent acquisition of Millarworld by Netflix, the world's leading Internet entertainment service.
About The Magic Order
We live in a world where we've never seen a monster and these people are the reason we sleep safely in our beds. Magic meets the mob in The Magic Order, as five families of magicians sworn to protect our world for generations must battle an enemy who's picking them off one by one. By day they live among us as our neighbors, friends and co-workers, but by night they are the sorcerers, magicians and wizards that protect us from the forces of darkness…unless the darkness gets them first.
About Mark Millar and Millarworld
Millarworld, a subsidiary of Netflix, is an entertainment company run by Mark and Lucy Millar. Millarworld's comic book franchises, like Wanted, Kingsman, Huck, Reborn, Empress, Kick-Ass, Jupiter's Legacy and many others, have achieved huge success as global franchises ranging across publishing, cinema, clothing, video-games and toys over the past fourteen years. In his years at Marvel, Mark wrote some of the biggest-selling books of this generation, massively influencing the Marvel Cinematic Universe. His book, The Ultimates, was named by Time Magazine as Comic Book Of The Decade and his Superman opus, Red Son, remains the best-selling Superman graphic novel of all time.
Like this: Like Loading...
The owners of Sebastopol's HipChick Farms have opened the world's first chicken nuggets tasting room in the North Bay.
Thank you to all who came out yesterday for the opening of The Kitchen! We appreciate and love our community so much. #sebastopol #community #organic #chicken #hipchickfarms #chamberofcommerce #ribboncutting #grandopening A post shared by Hip Chick Farms (@hipchickfarms) on Aug 12, 2017 at 8:13am PDT
The Kitchen is now open at 124 South Main St. in Sebastopol from 11 AM – 2 PM Tuesday-Saturday.
Our #allnatural chicken fingers will be back on @qvc TODAY 2pm-3pm PST! 📺 Don't miss out on some great deals just in time for back to school! A post shared by Hip Chick Farms (@hipchickfarms) on Aug 9, 2017 at 12:12pm PDT
The Kitchen features flights of HipChicks original, ketchup, and maple chicken chicken fingers, plus their buttermilk chicken sandwiches, meatballs subs, apple cider corndogs, and much more.
Need an easy picnic plan? Try making organic Chicken finger sliders #yum #easypeasy #chicken #organic #chickennuggets #whatsfordinner #whatsforlunch #kids #eat #hipchickfarms A post shared by Hip Chick Farms (@hipchickfarms) on Aug 3, 2017 at 7:03am PDT
Local beers & wine are also available.
For more, visit hipchickfarms.com.
- Advertisement -
Addax Petroleum Development (Nigeria) Limited, which operates Production Sharing Contract (PSC) with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) PSC has produced 425 million barrels of crude oil and generated over $7 billion in revenue to the Nigerian government since 2009 when SINOPEC took over the company.
In addition, the venture has also invested over $5 billion in its business activities in the country, an investment that over the years resulted in job creation for residents of its operating host communities, and funding critical community projects in the areas of agriculture, health and education.
The company's General Manager in charge of External and Governmental Affairs, Mrs. Dorothy Atake, who made the disclosure, also said in a statement at the weekend that the Addax/NNPC PSC was planning a fresh investment of between $3 billion and $5 billion in Nigeria over the coming years as part of efforts to optimise its operations in the country and increase production from its existing assets, both onshore and offshore.
The statement noted that the company as contractor to and on behalf of Addax achieved this feat through sustained investment in reserves and production growth activities, application of technology, strong NNPC/DPR partnership, as well as strong partnership with host communities.
The company's statement stressed that leveraging on its world class technical expertise and application of technology, Addax has brought various fields onstream and embarked on exploration and appraisal campaign in its adjacent concession areas resulting in commercial oil discoveries in Ofrima and Udele fields, a project pivotal to Addax growth plans in the country.
“Additionally, Addax Petroleum has a strong track record of developing under-exploited hydrocarbon resources and has through business drivers hinged on Health, Safety, Security and Environment (HSSE), human capital development, operations excellence and capital efficiency achieved this feat,” the statement added.
- Advertisement -
Atake further stated that as part of its production activities, Addax recently kicked off its sustenance campaign through the current drilling activities in the Njaba field in Oil Mining Lease (OML) 124 license area, premised on execution of low cost, capital efficient production optimisation principles to increase output from that area.
“The first oil producer in this drilling campaign was recently drilled and completed ahead of schedule and at significantly lower cost than budget. Preliminary well test results have also exceeded projected average oil production potential,” she said.
According to her, the company has also pioneered institution of a micro credit scheme, where over 480 women have been empowered to develop their small scale businesses, through a revolving loan scheme initiated to empower small scale businesswomen within its OML 124 host communities.
Technical Skill Acquisition Programme (TSAP) has enabled community youths within its host communities in Imo, Akwa Ibom and Rivers States to be trained at the Federal Technical College, Omoku in Rivers State, on selected vocations. “After each training session, Addax Petroleum donates tools and equipment to assist them set-up small scale businesses in their chosen vocation. Thus far, significant amount have been expended on this scheme,” the company said.
The statement added that Nigerian Content Development remains one of Addax Petroleum's critical business drivers as the company ensures total compliance to the requirements of the Nigerian Content Act with the tremendous support of the Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board (NCDMB).
“Its future in Nigeria remains very bright with a planned investment outlay of $3 billion to $5 billion. Indeed, growth and profit enhancement opportunities within its existing licence areas and further onshore and onshore drilling and development activities are planned for next year and beyond,” the statement said.
Addax Petroleum has since 2009 been a wholly owned affiliate of the Chinese entity, Chineses Petroleum Company (SINOPEC).
The app rose to the number three spot in Finance category of the App Store this weekend as part of a bitcoin frenzy that saw exchange Coinbase top Apple's free download list in the U.S. In this case, however, it is important to note this app is not official so users should avoid downloading it.
The app developer — who is listed as Nam Le — has three other apps with Apple, including two panda fighting games, but no history of crypto or bitcoin services.
Drake — who has spent the past few days touring Miami hot spots as a single man, charming the ladies and performing at a concert on Thursday for just a select few hundred at the Edition Hotel beach — took to the stage again at club E11even Miami in the early hours of Saturday.
Drake put on a show in front of guests at the Bootsy Bellows pop-up, including injured New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr.
We hear that after 3 a.m., the rapper joined Lil' Wayne onstage for a live performance. “They shared a mike, and then 2 Chainz got up onstage, too,” says the spy. “Everyone was singing along and going crazy.”
The “Hotline Bling” singer, who's normally surrounded by women, was rolling without a female companion.
“He was hanging out with his bros,” says the source.
Drake was seen the following night with an entourage of 15 guys at hot spot Prime 112.
Games today (Talisay Sports Complex)
1:00 pm – UV vs. USC North (Under 15 Division 1)
2:15 pm – UV vs. SHS-Ateneo de Cebu (Under 12 Division 1)
ALOCILLO Training School (ATS) and Monterey School of Talisay had themselves successful weekends as they captured championships in their respective divisions in the 3rd Conference of the Cebu Youth Basketball League 2017.
ATS got the best of the University of the Visayas-B, 38-27, to reign supreme in the Under-15 Division 2.
The game was close all throughout until the fourth when ATS took full control of the match with their stifling defense that held UV to a mere two points during the final canto as the former pulled away with a 12-2 run to claim the win and the title.
ADVERTISEMENT
John Vercide and Spencer Gonzales led ATS with nine and seven points, respectively.
Monterey School on the other hand, clobbered One on One, 73-45, to hoist the trophy in the Under-12 Division 2 class.
As close as the previous game was, this one was a one-sided affair from the very start as Monterey School surged ahead, 28-9, after the first and never looked back.
Kian Floyd Reyes led the way for Monterey School with 25 points while Chiro Abalos pumped in 20.
In the semifinals of the Under-10 division, UV blew away St. Benedict, 34-15, to arrange a championship showdown with Don Bosco.
Today's games will be highlighted by the championship match-up between the University of the Visayas and the University of San Carlos North in the Under-15 Division 1 wherein a fierce backcourt battle will be waged between Baby Lancer star Steve Nash Enriquez and National University-bound, Reinhard Jumamoy of USC North.
State Police in Cadillac hosting their annual open house, while celebrating 100 years of service.
State Police host an open house every year to let the community in, to see the post and get up close and personal with the equipment troopers use on a daily basis.
This year they'll also be using it to highlight their 100th anniversary.
They had patrol cars on display along with their rollover simulator and emergency response team.
State Police say this is one of the best ways to connect with the community around them.
“It's something we really like to do for the community so they can come out and talk to us because many times the only contact they get to have with us is if they have an accident or if they've had some other sort of contact,” said 1st Lt. Frank Keck, Post Commander.
Troopers also had their K-9 team and bomb squad doing demonstrations.
Over the past month, shares in former AIM darling Telit Communications (LSE: TCM) have crashed by around 53% as the company lurched from one disaster to another. Telit has been the target of criticism for some time. Even though the firm's pre-tax profits and earnings have surged by around 300% over the past five years, the company has generated almost no cash from operations. Rising profits but a lack of cash is usually a tell tale sign that earnings are being artificially inflated (the company has changed auditors four times in the past seven years). Indeed, last week the company reported…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Over the past month, shares in former AIM darling Telit Communications (LSE: TCM) have crashed by around 53% as the company lurched from one disaster to another.
Telit has been the target of criticism for some time. Even though the firm's pre-tax profits and earnings have surged by around 300% over the past five years, the company has generated almost no cash from operations. Rising profits but a lack of cash is usually a tell tale sign that earnings are being artificially inflated (the company has changed auditors four times in the past seven years).
Indeed, last week the company reported that it had lost $7m in the first half and had negative cash flow from operations of $3.3m. What's more, it has recently become apparent that the £39m the firm raised from shareholders at the beginning of May, originally earmarked for acquisitions, has been used for working capital. This is yet another sign that the business is not as healthy as management would like shareholders to believe.
Management problems
Aside from the financial issues, Telit now has management problems. Last week, chief executive Oozi Cats was accused of being a fugitive from US justice, and rather than fight these accusations, Cats has gone into hiding.
Today, shares in Telit are rising after the company announced that it had cut ties with Cats, saying: “It is a source of considerable anger to the board that the historical indictment against Oozi Cats was never disclosed to them or previous members of the board and that they have only been made aware of its existence through third parties.”
The news release also detailed the company's plan of action of rebuilding the senior management team. Yosi Fait will continue as interim chief executive and the group is looking to hire three new independent directors “as soon as practicable,” one of whom will become chairman.
Actions to reorganise Telit's board may have stemmed the bleeding, but I'm not buying into the company after recent declines for several reasons. Firstly, even after falling 50% in a month, shares in Telit are still not cheap. The shares trade at a forward P/E of 15, which might be acceptable if I could trust the earnings, but considering recent revelations, that's almost impossible.
Secondly, as Telit is bleeding cash, analysts are now starting to ask for how much longer the company will remain solvent. Historically, the group has relied on shareholders and capital markets to meet its cash demands, but now the risk has increased significantly, it's likely potential creditors will demand harsher terms.
And thirdly, it's going to be difficult ever to trust Telit's management again. Even though the company is trying to put this episode behind it, the group's corporate culture seems tainted.
The bottom line
So overall, even though some investors might be tempted to buy shares in Telit after recent declines, to me the company looks uninvestable, and the shares could still have further to fall.
STOCKHOLM: Swedish police on Monday (Dec 11) tightened security near Jewish sites following a fire attack on a synagogue at the weekend, which came in the wake of the US recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Masked assailants in Sweden's second largest city, Gothenburg, hurled burning objects late Saturday at a synagogue where people were inside for an event.
The building did not catch fire and no one was hurt, but authorities took the incident seriously as it came days after US President Donald Trump recognised Jerusalem as the Jewish state's capital.
Trump's announcements drew international condemnations and and sparked angry protests in the Middle East.
Authorities have not revealed the attack's motive.
Police said they have detained three men on suspicion of attempted arson and prosecutors have until Wednesday to decide whether to extend their detention.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A police vehicle was parked on Monday near the Great Synagogue located in the heart of Stockholm, according to an AFP reporter at the scene.
Authorities have also boosted security for places of worship in Gothenburg and in the third largest city of Malmo, according to the official council of Swedish Jewish communities.
Malmo synagogue rabbi Moshe-David HaCohen on Sunday received Imam Sheikh Maher, a Muslim leader in Sweden.
"We do not accept any form of anti-Semitism or aggression against Jews in Malmo, in the same way that we do not accept any form of racism or discrimination," the two men said in a joint statement.
Sweden's Prime Minister Stefan Lofven also condemned the attack on the synagogue and "calls for violence against Jews".
"There is no place for anti-Semitism in Swedish society," he said in a statement.
The Swedish intelligence service SAPO has identified three militant movements hostile to the Jewish community: neo-Nazis, Islamists advocating violence, and some pro-Palestinian left-wing groups.
Gothenburg public prosecutor Stina Lundqvist told TT news agency on Monday that "there is no indication (the attack on the synagogue) is linked to the extreme right movement."
"Gothenburg churches have been burnt down and mosques have been attacked all over Sweden, which shows that events abroad can quickly spill over," the Gothenburg police chief told TT.
Share:
KARACHI - Another victim of Baldia Town fire tragedy succumbed to his injuries during treatment at Burns Ward, Civil Hospital Karachi on Tuesday.
A 17-year-old Sajid, son of Ali Buksh was admitted to Burns Ward with critical burn injuries where he breathed his last on Tuesday.
His funeral prayers were offered at a Masjid near to his residence and later he was laid to rest at a local graveyard.
A mother, her four daughters and three sons were burnt to death in an inferno at their room located at the Malang Goth in Baldia Town as what the police and the husband of the woman, namely Gulzar Bibi claimed that Gulzar Bibi was mentally challenged who set the room on fire, resultantly, she and her seven children were burnt to death alive while remaining one Sajid who was admitted to Burns Ward later succumbed to his injuries during treatment.
Hey, did you happen upon a short, tiny and a slightly confused person last week? Chances are that may have been me.
I'm not sure about my height but I assure you the scatterbrain appearance will wear off as I get used to a new job, a new place and new people.
I'm fresh here in Cold Lake, so hey if you're in the market for a new friend I might be your new pal.
I have found a beautiful place to live not too far from the lake, which is exactly what I wanted.
I also have some really helpful colleagues in my new office at the Cold Lake Sun where I'm the new editor.
There's a lot of unfamiliarity around me but to my surprise I'm really enjoying it and that's probably because you guys are really friendly out here.
As I'm tip toeing around my new job and getting to know Cold Lake and the surrounding area, feel free to reach out to me at the Sun.
I will be going around and setting up professional coffee dates and getting to know all of you.
In the meantime, feel free to pop by the office and say hi or shoot me an e-mail with a story tip at mlulla@postmedia.com.
Halo Top has been a godsend for everyone who needs their weekly (or, you know, nightly) ice cream binge but doesn't want to totally derail their healthy diet, but we're not entirely sure it's going to continue to dominate the healthy frozen treat sector. Enlightened and Breyers' both dropped versions of a low-cal, low-sugar, high-protein ice cream this year, and now one of your favorite brands is releasing a line of them, too. But how does Skinny Cow's version compare? Let's break it down.
Courtesy of Skinny Cow
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Skinny Cow is no stranger to calorie-controlled frozen desserts — their name kind of implies it — but their latest offering is slightly different. The company is dropping four new pints, and in addition to being low-calorie, they're also packed with protein. It definitely follows the Halo Top formula, but this is where it has them beat — while Halo Top's ice creams clock in at 20 grams of protein per pint, Skinny Cows range between 22-23 grams per pint, which is only a few less than a 3 ounce chicken breast. So like, actually packed with protein.
Courtesy of Skinny Cow
The four flavors include Oh My! Vanilla Bean, Mint Chip Mashup, Fudgetastic Java, and Oh Fudge Cookie. They'll retail for $5.49 each and range in calories from 330-370 per pint. You can score them at the following retailers: Publix, Hannaford, Target, Kroger, Central Market, Giant Eagle Inc, and Hy Vee.
[h/t The Impulsive Buy]
Follow Delish on Instagram.
Download the Delish app.
On March 9, 2016, the NHL announced the Pittsburgh Penguins and Philadelphia Flyers would participate in the Coors Light NHL Stadium Series. The game would be held in Pittsburgh at Heinz Field and give the hockey world the opportunity to see the “Battle of Pennsylvania” contested within some rather large confines, adding another layer to the rivalry.
The Penguins took the game 4-2, as Sidney Crosby collected the game winner, adding another “big” goal to his collection of heroics.
In honor of both franchises celebrating their 50th Anniversaries, the league announced two alumni games would be included on the scheduled list of events to coincide with Stadium Series Game. The first contest would be played on Jan. 14, 2016, at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia. With the second game occurring on March 18, 2017, at the Santander Arena in Reading, Pennsylvania.
The teams would draw even in the first game 3-3, with the Flyers earning an 8-6 victory in the second game.
One member of the Penguins roster was a veteran of 218 NHL games, goaltender Jean-Sebastien Aubin.
Aubin appeared in 168 games with the Penguins over six seasons from 1998-2004, compiling a record of 63-72-11, a goals-against average of 2.92, and earning six shutouts along the way. After his time with Pittsburgh, Aubin would make stops in Los Angeles, Toronto and Philadelphia before rounding out his playing career in six seasons overseas, competing in Germany, France, and Italy.
Alumni Involvement
The Hockey Writers: Can you discuss how you became involved with the Pittsburgh Penguins Alumni organization?
Jean-Sebastien Aubin: I‘ve never left Pittsburgh since I played here. We always came back in the summers, in between seasons. So I always kept in touch with the Alumni all along. When I finally retired a few years ago, after playing 6 years in Europe. I got more involved with it.
THW: Are you going to have continued involvement with the Penguins alumni organization?
JA: I will definitely keep playing any games we get involved in. I had a great time, and I‘m pretty much the only goalie available in town, so I win by default. I don't care. It's so much fun, everyone involved is a blast to be around, and all the stories are great to hear once again.
THW: Would you like to see the NHL invest more resources into Alumni initiatives?
JA: I would love if the NHL would get more involved with the alumni. I think we could do a little circuit of maybe 10 games a year, where we could travel a little and showcase our old legs. I think the fans would have a blast, as long as the lineups are legit with players that played enough to be remembered.
Return To The Ice
THW: How many William M.Jennings trophies would have an Aubin and Jocelyn Thibault tandem collected?
JA: Lol, probably zero. If we did, it would have been a tremendous team effort. Let's be honest it would have been legendary, haha.
THW: What were some of the emotions you felt during the player introductions, and through the first few minutes of the game?
JA: I didn't really think much of it since we played in Philadelphia. I definitely didn't expect any cheers, but I don't recall being booed either. So I‘m unsure if it's an insult or a good thing. As far as how it felt. Let's just say I didn't want to embarrass myself. I was a little nervous until the puck dropped, but then it all settled and felt like the usual intensity of having a good game
THW: Who do you think has more fun in these types of games: skaters or goaltenders?
JA: I think everyone has a good time, but the players probably have the most fun. Since it's not a defensive type of game goalies usually get abused lol.
THW: Given the storied history between the Penguins/Flyers, did you get a sense the game was more than an exhibition contest?
JA: The game we played in Philadelphia was definitely lots of fun. Don't get me wrong we weren't going to make it easy on them, and I think they felt the same. So, in the end, a 3-3 tie was the perfect ending for us, and I'm sure they were happy too. No one was going to give the game away, trust me that rivalry was still there just at a different level that's all lol.
THW: In alumni games, a penalty shot replaces a power play. What impact on the NHL would that rule change have?
JA: Luckily, it didn't happen when we played the 2 games we did against the flyers last year. Now if the NHL would adopt this I think a few coaches would have a heart attack every year, and goalies would definitely have gray hair faster in their life. I think the only ones that would actually enjoy this would be the fans. I'm not sure players would want that kind of responsibility for their actions.
Family and the Future
THW: What was it like to share the experience with your family?
JA: It was great for them. The whole gang came to Philly to watch the game. They had a blast until they realized Crosby wasn't there, and then the interest went down a little.
THW: Did being a participant in the alumni games, fuel a desire for a comeback?
JA: I‘m happy with being retired. I get to help young goaltenders to reach their goals and maybe their dream of playing at the highest level they can get. Being a goaltending coach for the Penguins Elite Program has been good for my transition, it helped me go through it a lot easier than if I didn't keep myself busy. I have found it to be been as rewarding as when I played.
A young medical student turned out to be the hero of a midnight heist planned by almost a dozen robbers in Patna on Monday.While her father who runs a nursing home attached to the residence lost Rs 60,000 and some jewellery in the process, Nitika Jha, on the other hand earned some praises for her presence of mind and swift actions. They even said that they would recommend her name for the gallantry awards.Dr HK Jha runs a nursing home in Rupaspur area which was targeted by the miscreants on the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday. They entered the premises on the pretext of treating one of their associates.While three of them threatened the patients and attendants with firearms, two others entered the residence. First they entered Nitika's room and then moved into the main bedroom which is when Nitika slipped under the bed of a patient in the general ward of the nursing home.She immediately dialed the Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Manu Maharaj using a patient's mobile phone. The SSP alerted Rupaspur police station and a police team soon surrounded the building. Three of the miscreants surrendered before the police while seven of their associates managed to flee.HK Jha said that Rs 60,000 cash and some jewellery was missing. However, the SSP said that the others would also be nabbed soon as the police have a definite lead on their location.
If the U.S. Tax Cuts and Job Act doesn't push companies to invest more in capex, a “stagflation scenario” could ensue.
The real test of whether the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act succeeds in its goal of driving economic growth will be whether U.S. companies step up their sluggish capital expenditures, according to a leading expert in cash-flow accounting.
“We need to have longer term investment in capex beyond the flashy, fiery announcements of bonuses and the like — that's not what we want,” says Charles W. Mulford, a Georgia Tech accounting professor who directs the university's financial analysis lab. “We want significant investment in capital assets. We need to see the capital assets that were used up during the recession replaced going forward.”
If companies don't shift substantial amounts of their capital allocation from share buybacks and dividends to investments in plants and equipment, “then this whole big plan of what tax reform was supposed to do is not going to work,” Mulford said in an interview. The interview followed the release earlier this week of the lab's report on cash-flow trends at 2,599 public non-financial companies during the third quarter of 2017. (The results don't reflect company responses to the new tax law, which was enacted on December 22, 2017.)
“If it doesn't work, we will have higher deficits. We won't have higher growth and higher productivity. We would then have a stagflation scenario,” he added.
But one aspect of the new law represents a policy that should boost capex, according to Mulford, who co-authored the cash-flow report with graduate research assistant Mark Jacobson. That's the provision enabling many companies to boost the portion of the cost of certain kinds of business property that companies can immediately claim as an expense from the previous rate of 50% to 100%.
“The ability to expense fixed assets at purchase for tax purposes gives a big tax incentive to spend,” he says.
An intangible effect of the new law, the buildup of “animal spirits,” should have a marked effect on increasing capex, according to the professor. “I think we're standing right at the edge of higher capital spending,” Mulford says.
Still, the lab's research provides reason for skepticism. Despite steadily rising corporate revenue, capital expenditures have declined from 3.96% of revenue in September 2016 to 3.70% in September 2017. During that period, median revenues rose 12.8%, to about $1.2 billion.
Companies' also showed a pronounced tendency to sit on their liquid assets through the third quarter of last year. Median cash and short-term investments grew to $153 million, the highest total since at least 2000, according to the report.
During the 2008 recession, companies, strapped for revenues and earnings, understandably kept a close hold on their liquidity. “But we have yet to see companies replace the lower capital spending that occurred during the recession,” Mulford said. “And companies are carrying significantly high levels of cash and short-term investments on their balance sheets.”
Ministers must "get a grip" and deal with the problem of prisoners being held indefinitely after completing their minimum term, the Parole Board chairman has said.
Nick Hardwick said around 3,300 prisoners are still serving indeterminate sentences for public protection (IPP), with hundreds of them "years over tariff".
He added levels of suicide, assault and self-harm in prisons are also "unacceptably high", with a need to reduce the number of people in jail.
Mr Hardwick's warnings came amid concerns for James Ward, who was given a 10-month IPP sentence for arson but still has no release date after 11 years behind bars.
April Ward told the BBC her brother is constantly watched due to his self-harm, adding: "He's literally sat behind a cage like an animal where (other prisoners) walk past and point and laugh at him.
"How is that humane?"
She also said: "I know he's got the plan to kill himself if he doesn't get what he needs. If he doesn't get released I know, I can just see it."
The controversial IPP sentences were introduced in 2005 but scrapped in 2012 by then justice secretary Ken Clarke, who has described them as a "stain" on the justice system.
Mr Hardwick praised the bravery of the Ward family for raising their concerns, telling BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "There are about 3,300 IPP prisoners still in prison and 550 of them had an initial tariff of less than two years. Hundreds are years over tariff.
"We know IPP prisoners are three times more likely to self-harm as other prisoners.
"I think the Ward family was very brave in coming forward like they did, the description they gave of that young man in a cell which will have iron bars outside it, with an officer sitting outside the cell so s/he can constantly watch the prisoner inside, that's happening to hundreds and hundreds of prisoners and we know from the reports that are practically weekly on your programme that the prisons system is simply unable to care for prisoners with that level of need."
Mr Hardwick said problems were caused by administrative delays, including from the Parole Board, and the legal test which requires IPP offenders to show t hey do not pose a danger to the public before they are let out.
He said: "We need to get a grip on this problem."
Mr Hardwick reiterated his proposal that the onus should be on the state to prove IPP offenders with a prison sentence of fewer than two years are likely to commit a further offence.
He also said Michael Gove agreed to a series of changes but was sacked as Justice Secretary last year before he could implement them.
Mr Hardwick went on: "Every prison officer you've got on constant watch of looking at a prisoner in this situation is not somebody who is walking the wings, doing the rehabilitative work with other prisoners so those other prisoners are less likely to offend when they come out.
"The one thing we would all agree on, surely, is that we want prisoners to leave prison less likely to offend than when they went in.
"If we allow resources to be drained away in this way, to this extent, then it threatens the security of us all.
"We can do something about the IPP problem without compromising the safety of the public - which is our first priority."
Mr Hardwick said the state of prisons in the UK is "extremely worrying" due to staff shortages and an "unexpected spike" in the prison population which means the system is operating at "more than 99% of its maximum capacity".
The former chief inspector of prisons suggested there is a crisis in the prisons system, adding: "I'm not saying that I think there's going to be massive riots or that - I don't think that's possible to predict.
"What I am saying is simply the levels of suicide, assault and self-harm is unacceptably high.
"That's not the fault of the people who work in the system, it's the fault of political and policy decisions that should have been put right two years ago."
Mr Hardwick said ministers "now need to take action", with a need to reduce the prison population.
BCHL Today is a (near) daily look at what's going on around the league and the junior A world.
Welcome to the March 19, 2018 edition of BCHL Today, a (near) daily look at what's going on around the league and the junior A world.
We dive back into playoff action, with four more games in the books since last we talked.
Let's start in Vernon where the Vipers didn't have it as easy as they did in a 7-1 game-one win, but a 3-1 triumph in game two has them up 2-0 on Wenatchee.
After all the discussion about Wild goaltending, it was difficult to point the finger of blame at Austin Park in this one. He wasn't great, stopping 25 of 28 shots for a .893 save percentage, but he wasn't a liability either. Most nights, Park's effort gives Wenatchee a chance to win, but in this series the Wild offence is missing in action. Two games, two goals from a team that averaged a league-leading (by far) 4.15 per game during the regular season.
AJ Vanderbeck scored Saturday night. After tying for the BCHL lead with 37 snipes during the regular season, the Colorado native has just two in the post-season. If Wenatchee's goaltending isn't going to be a strength, then Vanderbeck and the Wild offence have to do more.
Credit to Vernon's stifling D and goaltender Ty Taylor. Just when you think his numbers can't get any better, Taylor drops his goals-against average to 1.65 and raises his save-percentage to .942. These are video game numbers for a goalie.
Wenatchee will hope home ice makes a difference when the series switches to the Town Toyota Center Tuesday night (7:05 p.m. start). The Wild had the league's best home ice record during the regular season, at 24-4-1-0 and they were 2-0 in their opening round sweep of Merritt.
It's safe to say game three is a must-win for Wenatchee.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
The other Interior division series isn't going well for the underdogs.
Penticton swatted Trail 7-2 at the South Okanagan Events Centre Saturday night to go up 2-0 as the series shifts back to Cominco Arena Tuesday night (7 p.m.).
The story of game two was power plays. While Trail only got two chances with the extra man, coming up empty on both, the Vees converted on five of seven opportunities. Owen Sillinger had a hat-trick, with two of his goals coming on the PP. Jackson Keane scored twice on the PP and Lukas Sillinger collected his first of the postseason on the man advantage.
Jack Barnes added an even strength goal, with Spencer McLean and Tyler Ghirardosi replying for the Smoke Eaters.
Two of Penticton's PP goals came during a five-minute major, handed to Ethan Martini for a blow to the head that came after the whistle. The six-foot-six blueliner has to be suspended for such a vicious hit, and his absence would be a blow to a Trail defence corps that is already struggling.
Adam Marcoux went the distance in the Smoke Eaters net, stopping 28 of 35 shots for a .800 save percentage. The Calgary native has struggled in this series, giving up 12 goals so far, but that may be as much a function of what's going on in front of him as anything else.
I talked about home ice being a potential lifeline for the Wenatchee Wild. Trail, on the other hand, wasn't terribly strong at the Cominco Arena, posting the BCHL's 10th best record at 18-10-1-0. The Vees, on the other hand, were the league's top road warriors at 19-8-1-1.
It's real hard to find anything Trail fans can cling to.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
The Victoria Grizzlies are digging themselves into another hole, but this time they not be able to escape.
The Grizz trail 0-2 in their second round series versus Powell River after a 3-2 loss Saturday night. Both defeats have come on home ice at the Q Centre, and now Victoria must hit the road for two games at the home of the Kings, the Hap Parker Arena.
I find goaltending fascinating, and I find the choices coaches make about goalies to be fascinating.
Victoria coach Craig Didmon started Zachary Rose in game two, and it's not like the decision blew up in his face. Rose played well, stopping 29 of 32 shots (.906 SP). My only question for Didmon would be, why such a short leash for Kurtis Chapman?
Chapman came into round two as the reigning BCHL Player of the Week after leading Victoria back from an 0-3 series deficit against Alberni Valley. He laid a major egg in game one versus Powell River, giving up four goals on 19 shots in a 5-1 loss, but despite that his overall playoff numbers are still an impressive 1.98 GAA and a .940 SP.
If he's not injured, I don't quite understand why he wouldn't get the chance to bounce back.
At the other end, Matteo Paler-Chow continues his outstanding playoff run. The Powell River netminder was busy, stopping 40 of 41 shots to earn first star honours. The 18 year old Vancouverite has posted a 2.09 GAA and .936 SP in the postseason. Goaltending could have been an Achilles Heel for the Kings, and I guess it still could be, but Paler-Chow has so far turned it into a strength.
The other item of note from his game is penalties. Later this week, I think I'll take another look at the overall numbers to see if reality is still lining up with my perception that calls are down in the playoffs. Victoria outshot Powell River 41-32 Saturday night, which is usually an indicator that a team is skating well and drawing obstruction calls.
But the Grizzlies only had one power play in the entire game. The Kings had four as referees Shayne Alyward and Hasret Sidhu kept their whistles in their pockets.
When I ran the numbers earlier in the playoffs, calls were indeed down from the regular season.
I mentioned it then and I'll repeat it now. A different standard between the regular season and playoffs drives everyone nuts, and there's no reason for it. If the idea is to ‘let the boys decide the games,' remember that a referee not making a call helps decide the game just as much as a referee making the call.
One final note on this game, coming from Powell River radio play-by-play man Alex Rawnsey.
“The two wins for Powell River on the weekend in Victoria against the Grizzlies is the first time this year (in 10 meetings) that the Kings defeated the Grizzlies in back-to-back games.”
This series resumes tonight, with a 7 p.m. start at the Hap Parker Arena.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
On to Prince George where Surrey won 3-2 Saturday night, evening that playoff series at one win apiece.
After getting throttled by a 9-1 count in game one, the Eagles had a lot to prove, and final score aside I'm not sure they did so in game two.
The shot clock favoured the Spruce Kings 48-19, and only a huge bounce-back effort from Mario Cavaliere saved Surrey from another loss. I wrote previously that Cavaliere seems prone to massive swings in performance. After coughing up six goals in that game one loss, the Ontario native produced his best game of the playoffs with a .958 SP.
RECAP: Cavaliere stopped 46 shots in a 3-2 victory in game two, as the Eagles tied the Mainland Division final 1-1 on Saturday night! Burgart notched his playoff-leading 9th goal, White potted his 3rd, and Wesley scored the eventual game-winner mid way through the third. pic.twitter.com/C6eF0Tp0pS — Surrey Eagles (@SurreyEagles) March 19, 2018
The Eagles were opportunistic with the few chances they got, which is what you have to do against PG. Desi Burgart's playoff-leading ninth goal got the scoring started midway through period two and an Aaron White strike had Surrey up 2-0 through 40 minutes. Ethan de Jong got PG on the board 7:41 into period three, but John Wesley answered at 12:21, giving the Eagles breathing room.
Ben Brar scored the second Spruce King goal with just one second on the clock.
Evan DeBrouwer had a rare meh night in the Prince George net, and he'll look to bounce back tonight as the series shifts to the South Surrey Arena for game two.
————————————————————————————————————————————————
Sticking with Surrey and finishing up with a scholarship, as Jackson Ross commits to Colorado College.
Ross is heading home to play NCAA Div-I hockey. The 20 year old native of Centennial, Colorado will join the Tigers this fall, becoming the sixth Eagle player this season to earn a scholarship. The others are Jordan Robert (Clarkson), Desi Burgart (Quinnipiac), Jeff Stewart (Colgate), Chase Danol (Bowling Green) and Cory Babichuk (RPI).
Colorado College plays in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference (NCHC) and competes against North Dakota, St. Cloud State, Denver, Western Michigan, Minnesota Duluth, Omaha and Miami (Ohio).
Ross is finishing up his second full BCHL season. He played one game in 2015-16 with Salmon Arm and has played his last 108 regular season and eight playoffs matches with Surrey, collecting 10 goals, 41 points and 117 penalty minutes.
“Jackson has been an absolute warrior for this organization,” said Eagles head coach Brandon West in a team press release. “We are extremely happy for him and his family. Jackson is a tireless worker that leads by example everyday and this opportunity to play in his home state is very well earned.”
Eric Welsh is the sports editor at the Chilliwack Progress and has been covering junior A hockey in B.C. and Alberta since 2003.
Email eric.welsh@theprogress.com
A FOOTPATH through Les Cotils 12-acre grounds was officially opened yesterday.
The site is owned by David and Jane Swiffen and is run by a charitable trust.
The Swiffen's took on the site in 1995 and they officially opened the new footpath.
‘When we first came here the free tree scheme was available, so we got a lot of trees planted,' Mr Swiffen said.
‘There was a mix of alders, ash and oaks, and from there it has been community service [team], who have been working here for more than six years.
‘They come in to help and clear things and then last year they did the path.'
Mr Swiffen said they were really pleased with the path.
‘When the convent was here, people were quite shy to come in,' he said.
‘But now we want people to come in and this will allow them to enjoy the site.
‘It is a woodland walk, which is serene, with lovely views.'
Alcon Entertainment and Finnish mobile game developer and publisher Next Games are partnering on a mobile game for “Blade Runner 2049.”
Next Games CEO Teemu Huuhtanen made the announcement Wednesday, the second day of the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2017, also known as E3. The companies did not disclose when the game will be released or a specific title.
Alcon is producing the movie sequel “Blade Runner 2049” with Warner Bros. handling domestic distribution and Sony handling international territories. Ryan Gosling stars with Harrison Ford reprising his memorable role as Rick Deckard, the titular blade runner. The movie launches on Oct. 6.
“We are thrilled to work on Blade Runner, a true pop culture icon,” Huuhtanen said. “We are determined to deliver on Blade Runner's unique themes and vision of the future. Both we and Alcon Entertainment value mobile games that are authentic and true to the original property. Our partnership is a confirmation of Next Games' mission to redefine the way entertainment franchises can be transformed into, and enhanced by, highly engaging mobile games enjoyed by millions of fans globally.”
Next Games are best known for “The Walking Dead: No Man's Land,” based on the AMC TV series. It has been downloaded over 16 million times, with the game attempting to mirror events as they occur in the show.
Andrew Kosove and Broderick Johnson, co-CEOs and co-founders of Alcon Entertainment, said in a statement, “We are excited to be working with Next Games on this exciting new endeavor. The world of Blade Runner is uniquely rich ground for storytelling across a variety of platforms, games included.”
The sequel is set 30 years after the 1982 original, which was directed by Ridley Scott and set in a rainy dystopian version of Los Angeles in 2019 as it followed Deckard pursuing four replicants who had escaped from an off-world colony. The androids, led by Rutger Hauer's Roy Batty character, sought to extend their four-year lifespan. The film was selected in 1993 for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.
The sequel is written by Hampton Fancher and Michael Green, and succeeds the initial story by Fancher and David Peoples, based on Philip K. Dick's novel “Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?”
Denis Villeneuve directed “Blade Runner 2049” with Scott executive producing. Ana de Armas, Sylvia Hoeks, Robin Wright, Mackenzie Davis, Carla Juri, Lennie James, Dave Bautista, and Jared Leto are also starring. Gosling plays an LAPD officer who unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos — and leads him on a quest to find Deckard, who has been missing for 30 years.
Diane Colley-Urquhart has resigned from the Calgary Police Commission a day after being publically scolded by the agency.
She was publically critical of the Calgary Police Service for what she described as a lack of action on allegations of bullying and harassment against female members of the force.
The commission questioned whether she violated the code of conduct for speaking on behalf of the commission without the authority to do so.
The commission accepted Colley-Urquhart's resignation, thanking her for her 10 years of service.
Senator Ben Allen (D – Santa Monica), local leaders and environmental organizations will host a public rally Saturday, Feb. 3 at 10 a.m. on Santa Monica Pier to protest new offshore drilling in California and help community members convey their opposition to the federal government.
The protest follows a Jan. 4 White House release of a draft plan that proposes opening up almost the entire U.S. coast to oil and gas drilling. The proposal would open up areas of the California coast that have been off-limits to new drilling for more than two decades. The Bureau of Ocean & Energy Management (BOEM) has scheduled one public hearing in California, on February 8 in Sacramento. “This rally will give LA-area residents the opportunity to make their voices heard and submit official opposition to the proposal,” organizers said.
“Our beaches belong to all of us, and this will hurt all of us,” they added. “Here in the Southland, our air quality will get even worse than more offshore oil and gas production means more ships, more pipelines moving crude oil and gas, and more port and refinery emissions.”
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
4 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
The Pakistani opposition party led by former cricket star Imran Khan appears to be gaining ground ahead of a July 25 general election, with one new poll showing it pulling ahead of the outgoing ruling party and another showing it only slightly behind.
ISLAMABAD: The Pakistani opposition party led by former cricket star Imran Khan is gaining ground in opinion polls ahead of a July 25 general election, with one survey showing it pulling ahead of the ruling party and another showing it only slightly behind.
A survey by Pulse Consultant showed Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI, or Pakistan Justice Movement) ahead with the support of 30 percent of respondents nationwide, compared to 27 percent for its main rival, the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N). The Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) was at 17 percent.
Advertisement
A separate nationwide poll by Gallup Pakistan had PML-N on top with 26 percent, PTI with 25 percent and the PPP at 16 percent.
Both polls were commissioned by Pakistan's Jang Media Group and were published on Wednesday in its affiliated newspaper, The News. They each surveyed about 3,000 people, with a margin of error of 1.6 percent for the Pulse survey and 2-3 percent for Gallup.
The new polls indicate a swing towards Khan's party compared to similar nationwide polls in 2017, which put the PML-N 8-9 percentage points ahead of PTI.
Khan's political fortunes have improved since PML-N leader Nawaz Sharif was removed as prime minister by the Supreme Court last year over undeclared assets.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sharif, who was disqualified from politics for life, now faces a verdict in an anti-corruption court on Friday along with his daughter Maryam, who is running for parliament. The case, which concerns the purchase of luxury apartments in London, could see Sharif jailed and Maryam disqualified.
Sharif requested on Wednesday that the authorities delay the verdict until he returns to Pakistan from London, where he is taking care of his ailing wife. He said he would be back as soon as his wife's condition improves.
"I want to hear that decision in person standing in the courtroom," he told a press conference in London televised live by Pakistani TV channels.
Asked if he would go back home regardless of the outcome in the case, Sharif said: "If it comes in my favour, or, God forbid, it comes against me, I will go back."
Sharif has accused the military and courts conspiring to oust him and using legal cases and intimidation to help Khan's PTI party, accusations denied by Khan, the army and the judiciary.
Khan, a former cricket captain of Pakistan, has portrayed the legal cases as a long-overdue corruption crackdown on the PML-N, which he has labelled a graft-ridden "mafia".
(Writing by Asif Shahzad; Editing by Peter Graff)
Bridgeport Hospital is one of the first hospitals in Connecticut to offer the world's smallest pacemaker for patients with bradycardia. The Micra Transcatheter Pacing System (TPS) is a new type of heart device, approved for Medicare reimbursement, that provides patients with the most advanced pacing technology at one-tenth the size of a traditional pacemaker.
The first procedure at Bridgeport Hospital was performed by cardiac electrophysiologist Murali Chiravuri, MD, in September. Electrophysiologists Adam Lottick, MD, and Robert Winslow, MD, have also implanted the device in patients at the hospital.
U.S. stock futures pointed to a higher opening for Wall Street on Monday, with the launch of bitcoin futures raising investor interest in cryptocurrency related companies.
REUTERS: Wall Street was set to open higher on Monday, recovering from a brief pullback in stock futures after reports of an explosion in New York's busy Port Authority commuter hub.
Police confirmed one person is in custody but were not yet identifying the device used. Local news channel WABC cited police sources as saying a possible pipe bomb detonated in a passageway below ground at Port Authority.
"When you see one of these events in a major city, you get a little cautious tone. But it's never enough to really rout a stock market intraday," said Michael Antonelli, managing director, institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird in Milwaukee.
The CBOE Volatility index , a widely followed measure of market anxiety, briefly rose above 10 points.
At 9:02 a.m. ET (1402 GMT), Dow e-minis were up 41 points, or 0.17 percent, with 17,818 contracts changing hands.
S&P 500 e-minis were up 1.75 points, or 0.07 percent, with 255,483 contracts traded.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 7.5 points, or 0.12 percent, on volume of 20,687 contracts.
Interest in the surge in bitcoin and opening of futures trading continued to fuel bets on crypotcurrency related stocks, many of which have risen exponentially in value in the past three months. Shares of Marathon Patent , Riot Blockchain , Overstock.com and Xunei were up between 4.31 percent and 17 percent in premarket trading. Bitcoin futures jumped more than 20 percent in the U.S. debut on Sunday, which backers hope will encourage wider use and give legitimacy to cryptocurrency.
"We've got the Fed meeting on Tuesday where it's pretty much factored in that the Fed is going to be raising rates. The concern is what they are going to say about going forward," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida.
U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, buoyed by a solid payrolls report for November that locked in expectations for an interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve this week.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The report showed the economy added 228,000 jobs in November but average hourly earnings failed to meet expectations.
The third rate hike in 2017 is near certain, with traders betting a 90 percent chance in its favor, according to CME Group's Fedwatch tool.
However, a sluggish growth that the latest jobs report showed could raise doubts about the central bank's plan to raise interest rates thrice in 2018.
Bluebird Bio shares rose about 25 percent after its experimental gene-modifying immunotherapy drug co-developed with Celgene received positive responses in early stage study. Celgene was up 3.4 percent.
Xerox shares inched up 1.32 percent after activist investor Carl Icahn named four nominees to the company's board after a current Icahn-appointed director resigned due to a difference of opinion with the board.
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar and Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
Welcome back to Tune In: our weekly newsletter offering a guide to the best of the week's TV.
Each week, Variety's TV team combs through the week's schedule, selecting our picks of what to watch and when/how to watch them. This week, “Bachelor in Paradise” debuts after substantial controversy, and “The Defenders” makes its long-awaited debut on Netflix.
“Bachelor in Paradise,” ABC, Monday, 8 p.m.
Season 4 of the reality dating series kicks off this week, with a cast comprised of former “Bachelor” and “Bachelorette” fan favorites back looking for a second chance at love. This season has been dogged with controversy, however, after an incident involving contestants Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson, which temporarily shut down production and delayed the season premiere.
“Leah Remini: Scientology and the Aftermath,” A&E, Tuesday, 9 p.m.
Leah Remini returns for a second season of her controversial series in which she seeks to expose what she claims is the dark side of Scientology. Remini will further explore accounts of former Scientology members whose lives have been significantly impacted by the Church's practices. The series was recently nominated for the 2017 Emmy Award for Outstanding Informational Series or Special.
“Marlon,” NBC, Wednesday, 9 p.m.
Marlon Wayans stars in this new sitcom, loosely inspired by his own life. Wayans plays a loving but sometimes inappropriate dad trying to do the best he can for his wife and two kids. In addition to Wayans, the series also stars Essence Atkins, Notlim Taylor, Amir O'Neil, Bresha Webb and Diallo Riddle.
“The Defenders,” Netflix, Friday
Marvel's four Netflix heroes will finally unite in this long-awaited event series. Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, and Iron First must come together to stop a villain the likes of which they have never seen from destroying New York. The series stars Charlie Cox, Krysten Ritter, Mike Colter, Finn Jones, Jessica Henwick, Sigourney Weaver, Elodie Young, Rosario Dawson, Simone Missick, and Scott Glenn.
“Halt and Catch Fire” AMC, Saturday, 9 p.m. (CRITICS' PICK)
This criminally overlooked show starts its final season on AMC after a third season that was the show's best-yet — a wrenching, prescient look at the transformative nature of staring too hard into the future. The show transformed in Season 2 when it focused on the women, played by the brilliant Mackenzie Davis and underrated Kerry Bishé; Season 3 showed the audience how even they could be corrupted by the burgeoning wealth of Silicon Valley. The fourth and final season deals with the estranged and much-changed Gordon (Scoot McNairy), Joe (Lee Pace), Cameron (Davis), and Donna (Bishé) at the dawn of the Internet Age, when the cutting-edge they worked to locate for a decade is finally bearing fruit. Poignant and relevant and aesthetically unlike anything else on TV, “Halt and Catch Fire's” final season will close out the run of one of the best dramas on TV.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
JAKARTA: Donald Trump's Indonesian business partner has revealed he may follow the example of the brash US billionaire and run for president, a report said on Monday (Jan 2).
Hary Tanoesoedibjo, who is building two Trump Organisation projects, told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation he was considering becoming a candidate in Indonesia's 2019 presidential elections for the sake of the country.
"If there is no one I can believe who can fix the problems of the country, I may try to run for president," said the media mogul and property developer, who has his own political party.
"We need a leader with integrity who can bring a solution for the country," the 51-year-old billionaire added.
If Tanoesoedibjo were to be successful, it could mean there are two world leaders who have been business partners, raising fresh concerns about potential conflicts of interest related to Trump's business empire.
Trump, who will be inaugurated on Jan 20, has sought to allay worries by insisting that "no new deals" will be struck during his presidency and that his two sons will manage his companies.
In Indonesia, Tanoesoedibjo is working on a Trump project outside Jakarta and one on the resort island of Bali, with both in the early stages.
The project close to Jakarta is a 700-hectare development that includes a luxury hotel, a golf course, a country club and villas, according to the Trump Hotels website.
The Bali resort will be built on a clifftop overlooking a famous Hindu temple.
In an earlier interview with the New York Times, Tanoesoedibjo insisted he did not believe the projects represented a conflict of interest for the president-elect.
“His family and children have the freedom to do business as long as it is arm's length and unrelated to the president's position,” he said.
The businessman, whose interests include media company MNC Group, said he has access to Trump although his day-to-day contact is mostly with the children.
"I have access to him, of course, because we are in cooperation, but I have to limit the cooperation and interaction," he told the ABC.
Tanoesoedibjo has long had political ambitions. He made an unsuccessful attempt to win nomination as a vice-presidential candidate for 2014 elections and has now started his own party, United Indonesia.
Connecticut gas prices continue to remain flat while that national average price of a gallon of gas rose $.02 cents compared to the previous week, according to AAA Northeast.
Today, Connecticut's average price for a gallon of regular gas is $2.67, a scant six hundredth of a cent lower than this time last week. National prices, however, registered $2.55 today, three cents higher than this time last week.
“While gasoline prices nationally are trending upward, Connecticut is bucking that trend with prices at the pump generally remaining flat,” said Fran Mayko, AAA Northeast public affairs specialist. “It's possible that last week's nor'easter played a role in decreasing demand and lowering prices for gasoline in the state as commuters stayed off roads in the wake of the storm.”
Nationally, however, consumer gasoline demand is at the highest level on record for March, according to the Energy Information Administration. As demand strengthened over the last few weeks, gasoline inventories declined, pushing the national gas price average up.
AAA's weekly survey of prices in Connecticut's six regional areas as follows:
Greater Bridgeport $2.75
Lower Fairfield County $2.76
New Haven/Meriden $2.66
Greater Hartford $2.63
New London/Norwich $2.71
Windham/Middlesex $2.68
Statewide average $2.67
Today, Missouri registers the lowest average per-gallon prices at $2.27, followed by Mississippi and Alabama, both at $2.28. Hawaii continues to lead the pack with the highest prices in the nation at $3.51 followed by California at $3.41. Connecticut continues to hold the 10th spot with the highest prices in the nation.
AAA Northeast is a not-for-profit auto club with 65 offices in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, New Hampshire and New York, providing more than 5.7 million local AAA members with travel, insurance, finance, and auto-related services. In Connecticut, we serve a half-million member living in is Fairfield, New Haven, and Litchfield counties.
LAHORE - GE (NYSE: GE) and Harbin Electric International Company Limited (HEI) have announced they have achieved a major milestone with the first fire of an advanced GE 9HA gas turbine installed at the Bhikki Power Plant.
The turbine can generate up to 385MW of reliable power that is expected to be distributed for residential and commercial use through the national grid within a few days after first fire. First fire is a critical test where the gas turbine is switched on and run on fuel at the site. It follows several months of installation and commissioning works. With Pakistan facing an estimated 5 gigawatt (GW) energy shortfall, the government is moving forward quickly with projects to help meet this power deficit. Set to be one of the most efficient power plants in the country, upon completion the 1,180 MW Bhikki facility is expected to generate the equivalent power needed to supply approximately 2.5 million Pakistani homes. It will play a critical role in meeting the government's goals under Vision 2025 to expand access to electricity to over 90 percent of the population.
“GE has invested almost $2 billion in the development of our HA technology, and our turbine provides a powerful combination of the highest efficiency and superior operational flexibility, leading the industry in total life cycle value,” said Mohamad Ali, President & CEO of GE's Gas Power Systems, in the Middle East, North Africa, Pakistan and India. “We are proud to bring this technology to Pakistan, and with this important milestone – achieved in less than 17 months – we are one step closer to ensuring the everyday needs of people and industry are met,” he added.
“This is the first GE 9HA unit to be operational not only in Pakistan but also in the Middle East, North Africa, Turkey and South Asia region,” said Sarim Sheikh, President & CEO of GE Pakistan, Iran and Afghanistan. “We are especially proud to help Pakistan be the first country in the region to utilise this record-setting technology and remain committed to powering Pakistan and fueling progress by working across various fuel sources, including gas, coal, hydro, wind and others.”
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
London-listed drugmaker Shire Plc and Japan's Takeda Pharmaceutical Co Ltd plan to announce a preliminary deal on Wednesday, after the latter sweetened its US$62 billion acquisition offer, people familiar with the matter said.
LONDON/NEW YORK: London-listed drugmaker Shire Plc said on Tuesday it was willing to recommend to its shareholders a deal with Takeda Pharmaceutical Co, after the Japanese company sweetened its acquisition offer to 46 billion pounds (US$64 billion).
The development, first reported by Reuters earlier on Tuesday, represents a major breakthrough for the companies in their negotiations, following a pursuit that started on March 28 when Takeda said it was considering a bid for Shire. Since then, Takeda has made five offers, the latest earlier on Tuesday.
Shire said in a statement it had agreed to extend a Wednesday regulatory deadline for the deal talks to conclude to May 8 in order to allow Takeda to carry out more due diligence and firm up its bid. Shire added that the deadline could be extended further, if needed.
Any deal between the two companies is still subject to the resolution of several issues, including completion of due diligence by Shire on Takeda, Shire said.
Takeda added in its own statement that it intended to maintain its dividend policy and investment-grade credit rating following the deal.
Shire focuses on treatments for rare diseases and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. The acquisition would be the largest ever overseas acquisition by a Japanese company and propel Takeda, led by Frenchman Christophe Weber, into the top ranks of global drugmakers.
Advertisement
Advertisement
It would significantly boost Takeda's position in gastrointestinal disorders, neuroscience, and rare diseases, including a blockbuster hemophilia franchise.
But the transaction would be a huge financial stretch, since Shire is worth considerably more than the Japanese group. Ambitious cost cutting will be required to make the deal pay.
Dealmaking has surged in the drug industry this year as large players look for promising assets to improve their pipelines. A Takeda-Shire transaction would be by far the biggest. Shire has long been seen as a likely takeover target and was nearly bought by U.S. drugmaker AbbVie Inc in 2014, until U.S. tax rule changes caused the deal to fall apart. Shire also has a track record of acquisitions, but its biggest ever deal - the US$32 billion purchase of Baxalta in 2016 - was widely criticized by shareholders.
Dublin-based Shire, a member of Britain's benchmark FTSE 100 stock index, said Takeda's fifth offer was worth 49.01 pounds per share, comprised of the equivalent of 27.26 pounds per share in new Takeda shares and 21.75 pounds per share in cash. Under these terms, Shire shareholders would own half of the combined company.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
ALLERGAN BOWED OUT
Allergan Plc, the U.S. maker of Botox, had been considering a rival bid for Shire but ruled itself out of making an offer last week.
Shire also announced last week it was selling its oncology business to unlisted French drugmaker Servier for US$2.4 billion.
Takeda's shares closed down 1.5 percent on Tuesday, giving it a market value of 3.86 trillion yen (US$35.5 billion), according to Thomson Reuters data.
Takeda investors have been skeptical about the merits of a Shire deal, given the size of the potential purchase and the likely need for a large share issue, which could be highly dilutive.
Weber was promoted to CEO in 2015, becoming the drugmaker's first non-Japanese boss.
Shire traces its roots back to 1986, when it began as a seller of calcium supplements to treat osteoporosis, operating from an office above a shop in Hampshire. Since then it has grown rapidly through acquisitions to generate revenues of about US$15.2 billion last year.
(Reporting by Ben Martin in London and Carl O'Donnell in New York, Additional reporting by Padraic Halpin in Dublin and Ben Hirschler in New York; Editing by Richard Chang and Rosalba O'Brien)
One month after Guatemala's Fuego volcano violently erupted, killing more than 100 people, the country's disaster agency has raised the number of missing by more than two thirds to 332 people.
GUATEMALA CITY: One month after Guatemala's Fuego volcano violently erupted, killing more than 100 people, the country's disaster agency has raised the number of missing by more than two thirds to 332 people.
Authorities scoured records from hospitals, shelters, schools and an online registry as well as Guatemala's utility company and health ministry to update the tally, disaster agency CONRED said in a statement on Wednesday.
Advertisement
It previously said 197 people had gone missing since the eruptions of dust, ash and super-heated gas known as pyroclastic flows that began on June 3 at the Fuego volcano, its strongest activity in four decades.
At least 113 people died, CONRED said on Wednesday, and some in the hardest-hit areas lost nearly all their family members.
The 3,763-metre (12,346-feet) peak, whose name means fire in Spanish, is one of several active volcanoes among the 34 located in Guatemala.
The volcano sits about 25 miles (40 km) southwest of the capital, Guatemala City, near the picturesque colonial town of Antigua, a UNESCO world heritage site.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Sofia Menchu; Writing by Daina Beth Solomon; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Brazilian authorities say that dozens of inmates have died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas.
The office of the state's public security office says the rebellion at Anisio Jobim penitentiary complex began Sunday afternoon and was quelled Monday morning. An office spokesman says dozens have died, but did not specify.
News portal G1 cites the governor's office as saying that at least 50 have died and an unknown number managed to escape in the chaos. Calls to the governor's office were referred to the security office.
READ MORE: At least 18 dead, 55 escape after Brazilian prison riots
Similar incidents happened in Brazilian prisons in October.
Two of the biggest crime gangs of Brazil began fighting last year over control of several prisons.
It's not immediately clear what sparked the latest unrest.
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
0:23 Bradenton police investigate fatal shooting
The Supreme Court is allowing Arkansas to put into effect restrictions on how abortion pills are administered. Critics of a challenged state law say it could effectively end medication abortions in the state.
The justices did not comment Tuesday in rejecting an appeal from the Planned Parenthood affiliate in Arkansas that asked the court to review an appeals court ruling and reinstate a lower court order that had blocked the law from taking effect. The law says doctors who provide abortion pills must hold a contract with another physician who has admitting privileges at a hospital and who would agree to handle complications.
Police are appealing for public assistance after a unit fire in Kingswood last night.
About 9.45pm last night, emergency services were called to a block of units on Stantley Crescent, following reports of a fire.
Officers from St Marys Local Area Command attended and evacuated residents.
firefighters from Fire & Rescue NSW extinguished the fire however, the unit sustained significant damage as a result of the blaze.
firefighters rescued a mother cat and five kittens from the fire.
A crime scene has been established. No one was injured in the blaze.
Police are investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and any witnesses who have not yet spoken to police are urged to contact Crime Stoppers.
Police are urging anyone with information in relation to this incident to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
You know what's exhausting? Dinner. Well, not eating it, but deciding what to have. In my household we can take hours tossing the question back and forth, “What do you want?” only to have the other one say “I don't know. What do you want?” And then polite society crumbles as the hungry inhabitants repeat this every 10 minutes until one of us gives up and searches out the cereal bowl or the take-out menu.
The dinner debate doesn't sound too bad, but when you factor in that we're all cranky from our lengthy commutes and the long work week — it's akin to poking a bear with a stick.
In an effort to skirt the dinner debate you could try this savory and gloriously cheesy recipe for Sun-Dried Tomatoes with Chicken Florentine Pasta. It includes chicken, pasta and veggies and the holy grail that is cheese. (Have I mentioned my love of cheese yet? No. OK, I love cheese the way picky toddlers without food allergies love peanut butter.) So it should work with even the fussiest eaters at your table. If you're trying to feed people who don't like cheese … well you might want to look at one of our non-cheese recipes online.
Did I mention that this sounds fancy? This recipe can trick people into thinking you know how to cook — and it takes less than half an hour to make.
Sun-Dried Tomatoes with Chicken Florentine Pasta
Serves 4
8 oz. ziti
1 lb. chicken (sliced into bite-size pieces)
1 tablespoon butter
1 tablespoon all purpose seasoning for chicken
¼ teaspoon cayenne
7 oz. sun-dried tomatoes
3 cloves garlic/ tablespoons diced garlic
½ cup half-and-half
1 ½ cup milk
½ cup chicken broth
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
3 cups spinach
Boil a pot of water for the pasta. While waiting for the water, add the butter to a skillet on a medium heat. Add the chicken to the skillet with the seasoning and cayenne until the chicken is sauteéd (I used herbes de Provence but any basic seasoning works). While the chicken is cooking in the skillet, drain and rinse the oil from the sun-dried tomatoes. Cut them into smaller pieces if desired. Once the chicken is cooked through, add the garlic and sun-dried tomatoes to the skillet and sauté for four minutes. Add the pasta to the boiling water and stir until al dente. Add the milk, half-and-half, chicken broth and cheese to the skillet and stir until the cheese melts into the sauce and it's smooth. Once the pasta is done, drain the water and stir the pasta and spinach into the skillet. The spinach shrinks up to nothing, so if you're preparing the dish for people who enjoy spinach or Popeye the Sailor, feel free to add a few more cups. Once all the ingredients are stirred together it is ready to serve.
No short list necessary: The Palm Coast City Council on June 4 will interview all three applicants vying to fill out the six months remaining in Steven Nobile's term. Nobile just resigned his seat so he could move to Tampa with family.
The council agreed to Mayor Milissa Holland's proposal for open interviews of all three in a minute-long discussion–the entire content of a special meeting–on Tuesday. Swift, decisive, uncomplicated, the process differed sharply from the two previous such exercises, in 2012 and 2007, both of them prolonged and more secretive and one of them muddied by that secrecy as the council had to subsequently “cure” the way it had drawn up a shortlist behind closed doors.
City Manager Jim Landon's initial proposal for the Nobile replacement followed the same template as the 2008 and 2012 appointments, but Holland rejected the approach in favor of the open process. A resignation in 2016 triggered yet another appointment discussion, but it was made moot by Bob Cuff's outright win in that year's primary, enabling him to be appointed to the seat to fill out the three months remaining on Bill McGuire's term.
Cuff's aside, this appointment would be for the shortest term yet, with a candidate who knows he will not serve past November. That may have limited the number of applicants. The city received just four applications. One was disqualified. Here are brief profiles of the remaining three. The appointee will be chosen at the council's June 4 meeting and sworn in on June 19.
Charles Johnson, 66, of 26 Kathleen Trail, is a native of Trenton, N.J.. He's been living in Palm Coast since 1998. He sold real estate through the 1980s, bartended at the Iron Horse Saloon in Ormond Beach for six years, worked at different Sharp's Liquors stores for three, then worked for Sea Ray Boats for 26 years most of them with a focus on training and safety. He retired in 2017.
He ran for mayor of Palm Coast in 1999: he got 163 votes out of 9,537 casts, or 1.7 percent. Johnson noted the election run and the result in his application: “I will never forget, my dad who is gone now asked me how I did,” he wrote, “I said dad, I came in sixth out of nine, he said no Chuck, you came in sixth out of Thirty Seven Thousand!! Pretty cool don;t you think?” (Jim Canfield was elected.)
He also noted: “I would have no problem being a decision maker.”
Vincent T. Lyon, 46, of 27 Empress Lane, is an Oklahoma City native living in Palm Coast for almost six years. A graduate of Cornell and George Washington University Law School, he's an attorney at Chiumento Dwyer Hertel Grant and Kistemaker, the Palm Coast firm, with previous stints as a solo attorney in Maryland and Washington.
In his years in Palm Coast, he writes in his application, “I have worked hard to integrate
myself into the community here,” including presiding over the Flagler County Bar and holding a directorship in the Flagler County Rotary. “I have been elected to various positions in business and trade groups and in charitable organizations. I do know what it means to work within a specific set of authorities and to try and steer a large group for the good of the whole.”
He lists Bob Cuff, one of the council members, among his references, along with John Subers, who heads the Florida Hospital Flagler Foundation, and Memory Hopkins, the realtor.
Robert Thomasey, 68, of 69 Royal Oak Drive, is a native of Quueens, N.Y., who's lived in Palm Coast eight years. He's a retired electrician who also spent 28 years as a volunteer firefighter, serving six years as chief, a period when he answered to a city council. He's also worked in construction.
“I have a long history of volunteerism and have been in many positions of supervision and decision making,” he wrote in his application. Alone among the three applicants, Thomasey included several letters of commendations he's received over the years, dating back to the early 1980s.
The Full Application Packages
BOSTON (AP) — Kenya's Geoffrey Kirui won the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, pulling away from American Galen Rupp with about two miles to go to win in an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds.
Rupp, a three-time Olympian making his Boston debut, was 21 seconds behind and Japan's Suguru Osako was another 30 seconds back. Americans had six of the top 10 finishers in the men's race and two of the top four women.
Kenyan policewoman Edna Kiplagat won the women's race in 2:21:52, needing only one try in Boston to add it to wins in London, New York and Los Angeles. She pulled ahead of Rose Chelimo of Bahrain in the Newton hills to win by 59 seconds.
“When I was running, my body was feeling good,” said Kiplagat, who was greeted at the finish line by two of her children. “I tried to push more, hard and I saw my (rivals) were not picking up the pace.”
American Jordan Hasay, making her debut at the distance, was third and Desi Linden was fourth — the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four.
121st Boston Marathon View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Geoffrey Kirui, of Kenya, crosses the finish line to win the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola) Geoffrey Kirui, of Kenya poses for photographers after winning the men's division of the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston.the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola) Edna Kiplagat, of Kenya, wins the women's division of the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) Edna Kiplagat, left and Geoffrey Kirui, both of Kenya, hold a trophy together after their victories in the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) Edna Kiplagat, winner of the women's division, and Geoffrey Kirui, both of Kenya, hold a trophy together after their victories in the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola) Manuela Schar, of Switzerland, wins the women's wheelchair division in the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola) Marcel Hug, of Switzerland, wins the men's wheelchair division ahead of Ernst Van Dyk, right, of South Africa, in the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola) Tom Davis, of New York, wins the men's handcycle division of the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) Meb Keflezighi, right, of San Diego, who won the 2014 Boston Marathon, greets the family of 2013 Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard after he finished the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) Runners in the first wave cross the line at the start of the 2017 Boston Marathon in Hopkinton, Mass., Monday, April 17, 2017. (AP Photo/Mary Schwalm)
The warm temperatures that hit 79 degrees at the 20-kilometer mark in slowed the runners but the strong tailwind was a boost — especially for the wheelchair races.
Marcel Hug won Boston for the third time, outpushing 10-time champion Ernst Van Dyk and finishing in 1:18:04 to beat the course record and world best by 21 seconds. Fellow Swiss Manuela Schar shattered the women's mark by more than five minutes, winning in 1:28:17.
The winners' times on the point-to-point Boston course are considered a world best and not a world record because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
“The wind is so important,” Hug said. “The roads were good. Everything was fantastic today.”
Earlier Monday, city officials announced plans for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 Boston Marathon.
City officials and the families of five people who died in the bombing or its aftermath say there's also a plan to build a separate, larger memorial to victims, survivors and responders.
Pablo Eduardo is a Massachusetts resident and internationally known sculptor. He'll create the memorial markers on Boylston Street where bombs killed three spectators and wounded more than 260 others.
Eduardo said Monday his goal is to “embody the spirit of those we lost and the spirit of the city they loved.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
City council once again appears to be wavering on what needs to be done to both municipal golf courses.
At the same time, it is full steam ahead with the southwest sports complex at a projected cost of $55 million.
For whatever reason, council seems to be leaning heavily towards the southwest.
I think it is time for a public meeting to discuss the golf courses and to find out what other plans there are for southwest development.
We don't want a repeat of the Wayne Gretzky Sports Centre renovation project.
The Gretzky centre is a beautiful facility, of which we can be proud. But it came at an enormous cost.
Bill McCraw
Brantford
Modest clubhouse for Northridge
City council received a study on its golf courses from a consultant. After listening to the consultant's presentation and debating its content, council decided to refrain from making any decisions on the subject. Instead, it deferred the subject to the 2018 budget estimates committee that meets in the fall.
After reading the consultant's report and listening to the debate, I question whether a $6-million expense for a new clubhouse for Northridge is indeed a practical investment of tax dollars for the community. Unless all wedding receptions in Brantford are held at the proposed new clubhouse there is no way of generating sufficient income to cover the expense of the loan needed to build the facility. Hence, a more modest clubhouse at lower cost seems to be the way to go.
It is unfortunate that the condo proposal for an unused section of the Northridge property was rejected by a small group of residents. Perhaps, council should revisit this issue. A privately owned golf course would have had no problem with such a proposal, because it made sense.
Eventually, council must decide whether it wants to be in the golf business and is prepared to subsidize the operations for the benefit of the community. Otherwise, it should privatize both golf courses, with an agreement that the courses will not be sold to developers for housing or commercial establishments.
Either way, some councilors should rise above their preference for one course or the other. The public expects neutrality and objectivity on this issue that seem to be missing.
This perceived bias is simply not in the taxpayers interest.
Gerry Van Dongen
Brantford
TORONTO (Reuters) - Jozy Altidore's second half goal helped propel a relentless Toronto FC to a 2-0 victory over the Seattle Sounders on Saturday to claim their first Major League Soccer championship after a gut-wrenching loss in last year's final.
Dec 9, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Toronto FC forward Jozy Altidore (17) celebrates after scoring a goal against the Seattle Sounders during the second half during the MLS Cup championship game at BMO Field. Mandatory Credit: Nick Turchiaro-USA TODAY Sports
The victory capped a superb season for the Reds, adding the MLS Cup to the Supporters' Shield that goes to the club with the best regular-season record and the Voyageurs Cup as Canadian champions.
Everything they accomplished this season, however, including a regular season points record, mattered little beyond getting back to the final and avenging their loss on penalties to Seattle last year.
“This trophy has been an obsession for the last 364 days not just for me but every single guy on our team, every coach, every member of our staff,” Toronto FC captain Michael Bradley told reporters.
”To get back here, to give ourselves another crack at it has been, honestly there is no other word for it, other than obsession.
“It's hard to describe to people outside what it has been like to live that every day.”
The victory did more than exorcise the demons from a year ago, it also went some way towards restoring the pride of a franchise whose reputation had been one of failure rather than excellence.
Toronto, who played their first season in 2007, did not reach the postseason until 2015 – the longest playoff drought in league history.
Dec 9, 2017; Toronto, Ontario, Canada; Toronto FC forward Jozy Altidore (17) controls the ball against Seattle Sounders defender Joevin Jones (33) during the second half during the MLS Cup championship game at BMO Field. Mandatory Credit: Tom Szczerbowski-USA TODAY Sports
“It has been a long time, a long journey to get here and heartache along the way as we saw last year but it's been an incredible journey,” said Toronto coach Greg Vanney, who had also lost three previous finals with the Los Angeles Galaxy.
While Toronto had dominated the final from the outset, Seattle goalkeeper Sebastian Frei was in imperious form as the home side peppered him with shots.
Altidore, who scored the only goal in the Eastern Conference final against the Columbus Crew, finally beat Frei when he ran onto a through ball from Sebastian Giovinco, outpaced the defence and coolly slotted a shot past the goalkeeper.
It was the first goal conceded by the Sounders in this year's playoffs.
“It's my job, I‘m a striker it is my job to create and try to score goals,” said Altidore, who was named man of the match. “Night's like this is what it is all about.”
Victor Vazquez then added a second into injury time lighting the fuse on wild celebrations for the capacity crowd of 30,584 who had braved the chilly conditions.
“This team, this year is like nothing I have ever been a part of just in terms of a group guys so single minded,” said Bradley.
“To cap it off tonight the way we did, to play the way we did with everything on the line I‘m so proud.”
The house of representatives has passed for a second reading a bill that seeks to end the proliferation of small arms in the country.
The bill seeks to create the National Commission against Proliferation of Small and Light Weapons. It is a consolidation of two bills sponsored by Yakubu Dogara, speaker of the house, and Nnenna Ukeji, from Abia.
The bill promotes the removal of arms from the society, through the collection, storage, destruction, management and stockpiling of small arms.
Speaking at plenary on Wednesday, Ukeji said there are reportedly over 500 million illegal weapons in West Africa, with 70 percent of them in Nigeria.
She said there is the need to create the commission as Nigeria and Gambia are the only nations without such commission in West Africa.
The commission, according to her, will regulate the local manufacturing of light weapons, registration of arms to be used in peacekeeping operations and establish programs of action to combat the illicit trade in small arms.
Femi Gbajabiamila, majority leader of the house, however, faulted the bill as lacking in some areas. He said as important as the bill is, it fails to make provision for punishment to offenders of the law.
Thereafter, the lawmakers passed the bill for second reading and referred it to the committee on national security and intelligence.
A snapshot of my college experience
Posted by Jessica Picard on December 12, 2017 · Leave a Comment
Roger Kingston once said, “A camera is the ‘save button' for the mind's eye.” It is no wonder that I became a photographer during my time here, because my experiences at the Massachusetts Daily Collegian and the University of Massachusetts are ones I never want to forget.
Joining UMass as a freshman journalism major in 2014, I already knew that I wanted to be involved in campus media. I went to the Collegian's open house, surprised to find that an actual newspaper was produced out of a dimly lit office in the basement of the Campus Center. But that seemingly dark office, with all of its quirks, would become my workspace, hangout spot and home…eventually. After writing my first article, a piece for the Arts section titled, “The best ways to decorate your dorm room,” (really hard-hitting journalism), I took a hiatus from the Collegian to explore other campus media such as UVC TV 19. However, I finally found my way back to the basement my sophomore year, this time as a photographer.
I had an internship at a newspaper the summer before my sophomore year, where I had to take my own photos to go along with my stories. It got me hooked. I loved the way visual journalism felt, and how I could see, interpret and talk about a story through my lens. In the fall of my junior year, I became an assistant photo editor for the Collegian, finding feature photos for the front page and proudly manning the photo desk on Monday nights. The following semester, I became the photo editor, a position I had admired since I started photographing for the paper.
The past two semesters of being the photo editor for one of the largest college daily newspapers in New England have been one of the most rewarding experiences I've had in my life so far. From engaging with my fellow students and telling their stories through my lens, to becoming a copy editor, to photographing celebrities like Flo Rida and Mike Posner and shooting football at Fenway Park, it has been an amazing journey. There have been ups and downs (getting hit in the face and breaking a lens when a hockey puck went through the photo hole at Mullins wasn't a shining moment), but I wouldn't trade my time on staff for anything. I love being able to look back at my college experience and have a physical legacy of what I did with my time here.
To have a place on campus where you can express yourself, work with some of your best friends and have a sense of community is so special. My only regret is that I did not participate even more, and sooner in my college career.
And now that I am leaving the place I have called home for the past two years, 2,068 submitted photos later, all I can say is thank you. Thank you for existing, for the late nights and for preparing me for a life and career of doing what I love.
There is a saying that if you want to know what someone fears losing, or alternatively, what they care about, you should look at what they photograph. If you looked at my camera right now, you would see many pictures of a windowless basement in the Campus Center, along with these hardworking people I'm honored to call family.
Jessica Picard was the Head Photo Editor.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Los Angeles Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers already has his post-playing career already mapped out, and it isn't one devoid of either sports or family.
Rivers told ESPN NFL insider Adam Schefter that he plans to become a high school football coach once his playing days are over in an interview on Schefter's “Know Them From Adam” podcast.
“I want to coach my boys and coach those boys that are 15 to 18 years old,” Rivers said, per ESPN.
“There's something about that 15-to-18-year-old boy, the time of their life that you can really impact them, not only on the field but off the field and still get the competitiveness that I love.”
Rivers has eight children, two boys Gunner (nine-years-old) and Peter (five), and plans to coach his sons just like his father, Steve, did for him during his prep days.
Given his competitive nature, it's hard to picture Rivers anywhere else but on a football field.
“I can't imagine ever not having a team, being a part of a team trying to win a game,” he said. “Hopefully a handful of years down the road that's where I'll be.”
Two women were killed in a crash on westbound Muskogee Turnpike near Coweta. Oklahoma Highway Patrol troopers are on scene as are Coweta first responders.
Troopers tell us a pickup hit the back of a small car, killing the two women inside.
Use caution if you are in the area. The crash is on the shoulder, so drivers need to move over for emergency responders.
We have a crew on scene and will update this story as more information is confirmed.
Saudi Arabia announced on Monday it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom next year, for the first time in more than 35 years, in the latest social push by the country's young crown prince.
It's a stark reversal in a county where movie theaters were shut down in the 1980′s during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country. Many of Saudi Arabia's clerics view Western movies and even Arabic films made in Egypt and Lebanon as sinful.
Despite decades of ultraconservative dogma, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has sought to ram through a number of major social reforms with support from his father, King Salman.
The crown prince is behind measures such as lifting a ban on women driving next year and bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment to satiate the desires of the country's majority young population. The 32-year-old heir to the throne's social push is part of his so-called Vision 2030, a blueprint for the country that aims to boost local spending and create jobs amid sustained lower oil prices.
The Saudi government said a resolution was passed Monday paving the way for licenses to be granted to commercial movie theaters, with the first cinemas expected to open in March 2018.
Many Saudis took to Twitter to express their joy at the news, posting images of buckets of movie theater popcorn and moving graphics of people dancing, fainting and crying.
“It's spectacular news. We are in a state of shock,” said Saudi actor and producer, Hisham Fageeh.
Fageeh starred in and co-produced the Saudi film “Barakah Meets Barakah” by director Mahmoud Sabbagh, which premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival in February. The movie, which has been called the kingdom's first romantic comedy, tells the story of a civil servant who falls for a Saudi girl whose Instagram posts have made her a local celebrity.
“We are essentially pioneers because we all took risks to work in this industry,” he said. “We were super lucky, because luck is always a factor of whether we make it or not.”
Even with the decades-long ban on movie theaters, Saudi filmmakers and movie buffs were able to circumvent traditional censors by streaming movies online and watching films on satellite TV. Many also traveled to neighboring countries like Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to go to movie theaters.
One Saudi Twitter on Monday user posted a picture of the causeway linking Saudi Arabia with Bahrain, writing “Good bye.”
It was not immediately clear if movie theaters would have family-only sections, segregating women and families from male-only audiences. Another unknown was whether most major Hollywood, Bollywood and Arabic movie releases would be shown in theaters and how heavily edited the content will be.
In a statement carried on the state-run Saudi Press Agency, the Ministry of Culture and Information said that movie content “will be subject to censorship” to ensure films do not contradict Islamic law, or Shariah, and the kingdom's moral values.
The government said it will announce additional regulations in the coming weeks.
Fageeh said that while he's concerned with the censorship rules that might be in place, he's also concerned that scenes of violence are typically permitted on screens across the Arab world, but “any kind of intimacy and love is considered taboo and a moral violation.”
“It's a global conversation we need to have,” he said.
Despite there being no movie theaters in Saudi Arabia, young Saudi filmmakers have received government support and recognition in recent years. The government has backed a Saudi film festival that's taken place for the past few years in the eastern city of Dhahran. This year, some 60 Saudi films were screened.
The film “Wadjda” made history in 2013 by becoming the first Academy Award entry for Saudi Arabia, though it wasn't nominated for the Oscars. The movie follows the story of a 10-year-old girl who dreams of having a bicycle, just like boys have in her ultraconservative neighborhood where men and women are strictly segregated and where boys and girls attend separate schools. The film was written and directed by Saudi female director Haifaa al-Mansour, who shot the film entirely in the kingdom.
That film and “Barakah meets Barakah”, though four years apart, tackle the issue of gender segregation in Saudi Arabia, which remains largely enforced.
The Saudi government projects that the opening of movie theaters will contribute more than 90 billion riyals ($24 billion) to the economy and create more than 30,000 jobs by 2030. The kingdom says there will be 300 cinemas with around 2,000 screens built in the country by 2030.
Fageeh said it's important the government provides even greater support to local filmmakers now that international films will dominate theaters.
“There needs to be an effort to be cognizant and inclusive for this element of local films or we will be completely flushed out because of the nature of capitalism and will be operating in the margins,” he said.
People interested in learning firsthand about police work but cannot commit to work as an officer have an upcoming opportunity being offered through the Tulsa Police Department.
TPD is looking for applicants for its next Citizens' Police Academy, which will take place September 12 to December 12.
The 13-week Citizens' Police Academy is one 3-hour session per week, and participants will receive training in criminal law, police procedure, firearms, law enforcement driving and many other topics.
Applicants must pass a criminal background check to qualify for the program.
Those interested can request an application form.
Program managers can be reached by email at ehsokoloski@cityoftulsa.org or jhunter@cityoftulsa.org, or at 918-591-4504.
ISLAMABAD/LAHORE, Pakistan: A Christmas message calling for prayers for those charged under Pakistan's blasphemy laws has led to death threats against the son of a provincial governor killed five years ago for criticising the same laws.
The case highlights the continuing influence in Pakistan of Muslim hardliners who praise violence in the name of defending Islam, despite a government vow to crack down on religious extremism.
The hardliners have called for mass protests if police do not charge activist Shaan Taseer with blasphemy against Islam - a crime punishable by death.
Taseer's father, Punjab governor Salman Taseer, was gunned down by his bodyguard for championing the case of a Christian woman, Asia Bibi, who was sentenced to death under the blasphemy laws, which he said needed to be reformed.
In a video message posted on his Facebook page, Taseer, a Muslim, wishes a happy holiday to Christians, in solidarity, and also asked for prayers for the woman and others victimised by what he called "inhumane" blasphemy laws.
Taseer said on Monday that he had received "very credible death threats" from supporters of the hardline Muslim philosophy that inspired his father's killer, bodyguard Mumtaz Qadri.
"They are sending me Mumtaz Qadri's photos with messages that there are several Mumtaz Qadris waiting for me," he told Reuters late on Monday.
Tens of thousands people attended Qadri's funeral last March after he was put to death for killing the governor because they considered him a hero - showing the potential for this case to become another flashpoint.
More than 200 people in Pakistan were charged under blasphemy laws in 2015 - many of them minorities such as Christians, who make up 1 percent of the population.
Critics say the laws are often used to settle personal scores, and pressure for convictions is often applied on police and courts from religious groups and lawyers dedicated to pushing the harshest blasphemy punishments.
At least 65 people, including lawyers, defendants and judges, have been murdered over blasphemy allegations since 1990, according to figures from a Center for Research and Security Studies report and local media.
A spokesman for the hardline Islamist movement Sunni Tehreek said it was demanding police in Lahore charge Shaan Taseer with blasphemy against Islam.
Police declined to comment, and a copy of the police report on the complaint did not mention Shaan Taseer by name.
The police report did reference the Christmas message and opened an investigation the blasphemy laws' Section 295-A, which bans hate speech against any religion.
However, Sunni Tehreek has threatened mass street protests unless the younger Taseer is charged under Section 295-C - blasphemy against Islam or the Prophet Mohammad.
Sunni Tehreek figure Mujahid Abdur Rasool told Reuters the group was in negotiations with the government over the case.
"When we gave them a warning for protests, a delegation of Punjab government met us today," Rasool said, adding they had set a deadline of Tuesday for police to meet their demands.
He said Sunni Tehreek was not calling for Taseer's murder, only his prosecution and eventual execution.
Punjab government officials could not be reached for comment.
(Writing by Kay Johnson; Editing by Alison Williams)
3 in 5 of those surveyed hold jobs, many full-time; 1 in 4 on the streets for more than five years; and half are aged 41-59
SINGAPORE: Most of them have jobs, and more than a quarter have a flat in their name, primarily rental flats.
And yet, the majority have been sleeping in public places for upwards of a year or beyond.
A street survey has provided this profile of homelessness in Singapore, one that may not quite fit the stereotype of destitute people here.
Take, for example, the finding that six in 10 of those who answered the survey were employed.
Of this group, nearly 60 per cent were working full-time, while about 40 per cent were holding part-time or casual jobs. The most common occupations were cleaners and security guards.
One-third of the respondents had been sleeping in public over the last one to five years. Another 27 per cent had made the streets their home for more than five years.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The survey done by SW101, a group of professionals concerned about social work and services in Singapore, is the first such study here, according to group member Ng Kok Hoe, a Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy assistant professor.
Known as a street count, this type of survey has been done in countries such as the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom.
180 IS A ‘LIKELY UNDERESTIMATION'
For one night, more than 100 people, including SW101 members, staff from community organisation Montfort Care and other volunteers, fanned out across Singapore to find out how many people might be homeless.
At 25 different sites - chosen based on information from social workers and non-governmental organisations - the group counted at least 180 persons, and another 29 who did not want to say they were sleeping in public. The vast majority were men.
The locations included public parks and shopping centres, where the bulk of the people were found; as well public housing blocks, pedestrian walkways and town centres.
“Despite the scale of the survey, this is not a nationwide count and is therefore likely to underestimate the actual extent of homelessness in Singapore,” said Dr Ng.
AVERAGE OF 300 CASES ASSISTED BY MSF EACH YEAR
On average each year, the Ministry of Social and Family Development (MSF) assists an average of 300 cases of homelessness. These involve persons who have no means of accommodation and require housing support.
The cases exclude individuals who have a home but choose to sleep in public because of family disputes or other reasons.
“For example, some choose to sleep near their workplace for convenience or because they work shifts. This could account for the difference between the MSF's figures and the reported sightings by SW101,” a ministry spokesperson said in reply to queries.
The total number of cases reported by the MSF has also fallen. In 2013, it stood at 321, of which 177 were individuals and 144 were families.
Last year, that figure was 269, with fewer families assisted but almost the same number of individual cases. Nonetheless, the ministry “looks into all cases” brought to its attention, “to ascertain the individuals' situations”.
On the profile of destitute persons, the spokesperson said: “They tend to be older and may have physical or mental health conditions and have no means of supporting themselves. They're likely to have little or no family able or willing to support them.
“As they have lower potential of securing a housing option in the long term or to live independently in the community, the MSF would admit these individuals to welfare homes.”
NOT ALL ELDERLY; FAMILY CONFLICTS INVOLVED
It is not necessarily the case, however, that homeless individuals are elderly. Detailed government figures from 2010 showed that half of those identified as being in need of shelter were aged between 41 and 59.
SW101's street survey in March bears this out. Many of the individuals the group spoke to were of working age and in their productive years, noted Dr Ng. Minorities were also overrepresented.
Not all wished to talk, however; fewer than half of the individuals identified gave responses. They were also not asked why they were sleeping in public.
NGOs working with homeless individuals say the reasons include family conflict and relationship issues. Some, especially older men, had failed marriages. Others had bought and sold subsidised flats twice and cannot afford another home but are ineligible for rental flats.
There is the Housing and Development Board's Joint Singles Scheme, but it is “not easy to share an apartment with a stranger, or it's difficult to find another single who's eligible”, said Mr Chan Xian Jie from Montfort Care.
He leads a team of social workers from Marine Parade Family Service Centre to the East Coast Park area, where squatters have been known to camp.
There, he currently sees complex cases such as young couples who are products of dysfunctional families with problems such as drug use and violence. Some of the youths left home at the age of 18. Some even have young children.
“(The women) may qualify for shelter but would be required to split (with their boyfriends),” he noted. So they stay where they are with their children.
HOMELESSNESS NOT WHAT SOME MIGHT IMAGINE
Then there are those who do not identify themselves as destitute. Said Mr Chan:
They see homeless people as people with holes in their shirts, depend on the Government for welfare, are dirty and unkempt. Why would they want to declare themselves a destitute person?
This is a point the MSF acknowledges. “Even as we seek to provide support to the needy in our community, there are some who prefer to be self-reliant or decline assistance for other reasons,” said its spokesperson.
Homeless Hearts of Singapore, an informal group of volunteers, has likewise found that homelessness here may not look like what people imagine. (Read our previous story.)
Mr Abraham Yeo, 35, said his group sees individuals who are mainly in their 40s but also as young as their 20s, including the employed.
Some stay overnight in internet cafes in Geylang, for example, and even go online to apply for jobs. “There was once we went, and we found them to be quite good gamers,” said Mr Yeo.
Ben (not his real name), 35, is one who has slept in Lan shops.
Homeless for eight years and working as a banquet waiter for the past eight months “just to make ends meet”, he earned a diploma in tourism last year, hoping it would improve his employment options.
“If you don't make an effort to stay competitive, then you're going to become a dinosaur,” he said. “I can actually make a contribution to this world – change it in my own small way.”
Read more about Ben's story on Sunday, at CNA Insider.
If you see someone in need: Call the ComCare hotline (1800 222-0000), or advise the person to approach the nearest Social Service Office or Family Service Centre.
Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
REUTERS: Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
On Wednesday the bank cut jobs across that division, many of which came from its Charlotte, N.C., headquarters, a spokesman said. He would not specify the number of jobs lost.
The cuts come as Bank of America is aiming to cut costs to boost financial targets Chief Executive Brian Moynihan has set.
Although Bank of America is also hiring, the employees that it is trying to reduce cost more than those who are joining, Moynihan said at a conference last month. The bank has also been cutting costs by shuttering data centers and moving information to less costly systems run by technology firms.
For any large bank, technology and operations costs run high. Old systems are reliable but dated, while new ones are expensive to develop.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Separately, at a conference on Wednesday, Chief Operating Officer Tom Montag said the global banking and markets unit has roughly 1,300 applications that cost about US$1.3 billion to maintain and run. As the bank sorts through those platforms and decides which to eliminate, some jobs will be lost, said spokesman Dan Frahm.
The Charlotte Observer first reported layoffs at Bank of America's headquarters.
(Reporting by Dan Freed in New York and Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Paris: Former world number one Novak Djokovic revealed Friday that he has undergone "a small medical intervention" in an attempt to cure his long-standing right elbow injury.
The 12-time Grand Slam title winner admitted that he had been deluged with conflicting medical advice but opted for the procedure after rest and recuperation failed to solve the problem.
"Truth be told, there were many different opinions, different diagnoses, different suggestions," the 30-year-old wrote on his official website, novakdjokovic.com.
"It was not easy for me to choose which way to go and what to do. I took six months off last season hoping to come back fully recovered, but unfortunately I still felt pain.
"I really missed competing, it's in my blood and I had to give it a try at the Australian Open. Anyhow, I agreed with my team that I would try different methods after I finish in Australia and a few days ago I accepted to do a small medical intervention on my elbow."
Djokovic, who was believed to have travelled to the Czech Republic for the surgery, was still bothered by his elbow problem as he crashed out in the fourth round of the Australian Open last month to South Korea's Hyeon Chung.
"It seems like I am on the good road now to full recovery. It's quite a journey this one, I have to say," added Djokovic, who did not reveal when he planned to return to the tour.
Forget "The route should be changed!" and "Roads and bridges first!" and "What's with this giant cement wall?" and even "But my taxes!"
Bob Ivers tops them all. The light rail line must be stopped because it will bring "trash" and "riff-raff" from the cities of Minneapolis, Detroit, and Chicago to Hopkins. And once they're there, they will shoot and kill the city's (white) sons and daughters.
Ivers is running for mayor of Hopkins, which is looking for a successor for Molly Cummings. It won't be Ivers -- who ran against Cummings in 2015 and got 71 votes (7 percent), or less than "Write-in" -- but for some reason, he insists.
As seen at a recent mayoral debate, Ivers has a delivery style that combines the worst elements of Jesse Ventura, Donald Trump, Archie Bunker, and the least likeable asshole taking up a stool at a suburban bar.
Any time a candidate for office stops himself mid-rant to say, "You listen, and you listen real close," feel free to tune out.
By that point in this jag, Ivers had already described the light rail as "nothing but a tube" (uh, sure) "that's going to bring riff-raff and trash" (uh-oh!) "from Minneapolis" (uh... what?) to his suburb. Here it is in full:
"It's another socialist yeah-yeah-yeah, um, um, um, ruination of a town. And this is what's going to happen, and everybody is forewarned, and you listen, and you listen real close. All the Chicago and Detroit riff-raff that's moved into 'Welfare-apolis,' they're going to get on that train. And you know where they're going to end up? They're going to end up down at the depot. And they're going to end up with yours, and yours, and yours granddaughters, and daughters, and grandsons. And I predict within two months of that coming through here, there's going to be a shooting down at that kid's depot. So everybody think about that."
Actually? Don't. Later in the same debate, Ivers reminded his audience that Hopkins is "90 percent white," with "10 percent coloreds" (!) "and Mexicans and Asians that are here." But, he warned his fellow candidates, if they build the "little yellow train that you're all bravo about, you're going to have all the ethnics you want."
How many "ethnics" do you suppose Bob Ivers wants in Hopkins?
According to a recent Star Tribune candidate profile, Ivers is "single, & retired." (Go get 'im, ladies!) He described himself as "experienced in promotions, music, & small business. I am also an inventor." Sounds legit. Why, just the other day he was promoting the idea of racial purity in Hopkins, and inventing the link between mass transit and the shooting deaths of the assorted granddaughters of Hopkins.
Soccer Football - Barcelona v Real Madrid Spanish Super Cup First Leg - Barcelona, Spain - August 13, 2017 Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo speaks with referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea after being shown a red card after receiving a second yellow card for simulation. REUTERS/Juan Medina
(Reuters) - Cristiano Ronaldo was banned for five matches for pushing the referee after he was shown a red card against Barcelona in Real Madrid's 3-1 Spanish Super Cup first leg victory on Sunday, the Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) said on Monday.
Ronaldo was sent off in bizarre fashion, collecting a yellow card for taking his shirt off during a goal celebration before being shown a second for diving.
Upset by referee Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea's decision to dismiss him, Ronaldo shoved the official, which landed him in further hot water.
RFEF issued Ronaldo with a 3,005 euro ($3,543.20) fine and a four-match suspension in addition to the automatic one-game ban the player was due to serve for his red card.
Ronaldo, who struck a spectacular second goal for a dominant Madrid, will miss the Super Cup second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday and the club's first four La Liga matches.
Having featured in the Confederations Cup for Portugal, the striker only returned to training earlier this month. He came on as a substitute in the UEFA Super Cup win over Manchester United on Aug. 8.
($1 = 0.8481 euros)
(Reporting by Rik Sharma, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Welcome to KAMU STUDIO, located in a rural setting just outside Penticton with a beautiful view of the lake. Experience the joy of working with clay. Join Kathleen for a fun filled week of painting, drawing, sculpting, pottery and more! All camps run Monday to Friday Morning/Afternoon or all day . July and August Ages 6-12
Even though Jane Seymour was announced as the perfect actress for the 1973 James Bond film “Live and Let Die,” she was told to change her looks.
“When I was in England, I was always told I did not look like the ‘girl next door.' They said I looked too exotic,” the star, now 66, told us. “Then I came to America … I was told, ‘If you can lose your English accent, we would like to hire you.' For my hair, I was told I had to cut it and dye it — but I didn't. I was fired from my first job because I had two different color eyes. So when I got the Bond film, just before they announced to the world that they got the perfect person, they told me I was going to have to wear green or brown contact lenses and dye my hair black. I jokingly said, ‘Do I need a wooden leg, too?'”
Today, she says, “I wear a lot of wigs now … I play a lot of blondes these days. Weaves and wigs are a great thing — you can be completely different characters.”
She's currently filming the Pop TV comedy series “Let's Get Physical,” set in a “modern-day” aerobics scene.
The Rams, in need of depth at cornerback, brought in USC's Adoree' Jackson for a visit Monday, a person with knowledge of the situation said.
Jackson, 21, grew up a Rams fan in Belleville, Ill., not far from where the Rams played home games in St. Louis.
The Rams do not have a first-round pick in the May 27-29 draft. They have the fifth pick in the second round, the 37th overall, and seven other picks.
The Rams are coming off a 4-12 season. New Coach Sean McVay and new defensive coordinator Wade Phillips are installing a 3-4 scheme. But in the pass-happy NFL, defenses often deploy five defensive backs.
Trumaine Johnson is scheduled to start at one cornerback spot. Kayvon Webster is expected to compete with E.J. Gaines for the spot opposite Johnson. Lamarcus Joyner, who has played as a slot cornerback, will work at safety during offseason workouts. Nickell Robey-Coleman can play the slot position.
The 5-foot-10, 186-pound Jackson played three seasons at USC. He was a cornerback, kick returner and receiver for the Trojans, who finished a 10-3 season with a 52-49 victory over Penn State in the Rose Bowl.
Jackson intercepted six passes in his career, returning one for a touchdown. He returned four kickoffs and four punts for touchdowns and caught six touchdown passes.
gary.klein@latimes.com
Follow Gary Klein on Twitter @latimesklein
(Reuters Health) - A growing number of U.S. athletes are getting operations to repair torn knee ligaments, and a new study suggests injury rates are highest and rising fastest among teen girls.
Researchers focused on surgery for a common knee injury known as an anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) tear, which has long been linked to intense participation in sports like basketball and soccer which require constant pivoting as well as contact sports like football.
The study of private insurance data for 148 million U.S. residents found that overall, the average annual ACL surgery rate climbed 22 percent from 2002 to 2014, when it reached 75 procedures for every 100,000 people.
For teen girls, however, the average annual knee surgery rate rose by 59 percent during the study period to 269 procedures for every 100,000 people.
“Although there are proven ACL injury prevention programs available, they are not being widely adopted, particularly among young women,” said lead study author Mackenzie Herzog of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Because the proportion of teens getting surgery within a year of an ACL injury remained steady during the study period, the surge in procedures is likely due to an increase in injuries and not a shift toward more aggressive treatment, Herzog said by email.
While the study didn't examine why more injuries are happening, Herzog points to a few trends in youth sports that may be contributing to the problem.
“There are likely multiple factors contributing to the increase, including increased participation due to broader promotion of physical activity to improve health and adolescents participating in athletics more frequently and more intensely,” Herzog said.
“Two particular trends that concern us are increased trends toward year-round sports participation at a young age and the tendency to specialize in one sport early.”
For teen boys, the average annual knee surgery rate climbed 44 percent during the study period to end at 212 procedures for every 100,000 people, researchers report in JAMA Pediatrics.
Surgery rates also rose faster for women than for men, although adult male athletes still had more procedures. By the end of the study, 87 men and 61 women out of every 100,000 people had ACL surgery each year.
The study has several limitations, including the lack of data on what sports people played, how often they participated in practices and competitions and any individual characteristics or medical conditions that might influence the odds of ACL injuries.
For young female athletes, the rise in injuries may be due at least in part to a new generation of women coming of age after the 1972 passage of Title IX, a U.S. law giving women the same right to participate in education and school sports as their male counterparts. Before the law took effect, women had far fewer opportunities to participate in sports.
“I think that the reason for the increased incidence of ACL tears and subsequent surgery in women is absolutely because more women and girls are playing sports,” said Dr. Elizabeth Gardner of Yale University School of Medicine in New Haven, Connecticut.
“As this is really the second generation after Title IX, the intensity of training for women's sports is also increasing dramatically,” Gardner, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
Cross-training programs that include exercises to improve strength, balance, coordination and muscle control can help prevent ACL tears, Dr. Devin Peterson, a researcher at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2tm9qZP JAMA Pediatrics, online June 12, 2017.
REUTERS: William Demant is prepared to start producing cheaper over-the-counter (OTC) hearing aids, if proposed legislation in the United States paves the way for devices sold over the counter, chief executive Soren Nielsen told Reuters.
Nielsen also said he expects "no significant change" to U.S. market if FDA's Reauthorization Act is passed allowing sale of cheaper over-the-counter hearing aids.
William Demant is the world's second-largest maker of hearing aids.
(Reporting by Julie Astrid Thomsen; Editing by Jacob Gronholt-Pedersen)
(Image: ICC)
Commentary (Bangladesh innings)
Change in the field.
3.1 S Gabriel to Iqbal, Composed! Fullish ball on off, Iqbal presses forward and dabs it to cover-point for a single. 6/0
2.6 K Roach to Das, Fuller in length around off, Liton puts his head down and defends it nicely. 5/0
2.5 K Roach to Das, That's a jaffa! On a good length outside off and after landing, the ball seams in with extra bounce. Das is in an uncomfortable position as he tries to block it and is beaten on the inside. 5/0
2.4 K Roach to Das, In the channel outside off, left alone. 5/0
2.3 K Roach to Das, A bit fuller in length in the tight off stump corridor, kept out watchfully. 5/0
2.2 K Roach to Das, Another play and a miss! In the corridor of uncertainty, the ball pitches and seams in. Das looks to cover the line but misses. 5/0
2.1 K Roach to Iqbal, Tamim Iqbal is off the mark! On middle and leg, tucked to fine leg for a single. 5/0
1.6 S Gabriel to Das, Gabriel smartly swings this one away after bringing a couple in. Das fishes at it and is foxed. Brilliant start from Gabriel. 4/0
1.5 S Gabriel to Das, Shaping in substantially, Liton once again fails to counter the movement. The ball hits his pads and lobs past the short leg fielder towards square leg. 4/0
1.4 S Gabriel to Das, This is good bowling! Gabriel goes wider of the crease and angles in a length ball. Das is bamboozled by the sharp movement as he gets beaten and is struck on the thigh pads. 4/0
1.3 S Gabriel to Das, Defended off the front foot by the batsman presenting the full face of the bat. 4/0
1.2 S Gabriel to L Das, FOUR! Ooh! Just wide of the diving gully fielder! Streaky runs. In the avenue of apprehension, straightens a bit after landing. Liton Das pokes at it with zero feet movement and gets a thick outside edge. The ball just goes past the left side of Hope and races to the fence. 4/0
1.1 S Gabriel to Das, Aggression from Gabriel immediately! Seems he is nicely worked up. He steams in and bowls a bouncer around leg stump, Das ducks under it in a jiffy. 0/0
Shannon Gabriel to share the new ball from the other end.
0.6 K Roach to T Iqbal, Tentative! On a length around off, there is a bit of nibble in the air. Iqbal is unsure whether to come forward or stay back. Ends up getting into a bit of tangle but the inside edge on his pads saves him. A maiden from Roach to start with! 0/0
0.5 K Roach to T Iqbal, Nicely played eventually! In the tight off stump corridor, Iqbal comes half-forward and plays it with soft hands. Gets it off the outer half of the bat towards third slip. 0/0
0.4 K Roach to Iqbal, A touch fuller in length but this one swings away. It is well outside off and hence, Iqbal isn't forced into a false stroke. 0/0
0.3 K Roach to Iqbal, Well bowled! On a length in the corridor of uncertainty, shaping in sharply. Tamim keeps his bat inside the line and lets it go. 0/0
0.2 K Roach to Iqbal, Similar delivery, coming in with the natural angle, Tamim is solid in his defense. 0/0
0.1 K Roach to Iqbal, On the money to begin with! Roach steams in from around the wicket and attacks the stumps with a full ball. Iqbal leans ahead and blocks it right under his eyes. 0/0
First Published: July 4, 2018, 7:31 PM IST
John Frank Kukla, 89, of Collinsville, died Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, at University Nursing & Rehab in Edwardsville.
Professional services entrusted to the care of Wojstrom Funeral Home & Crematory of Granite City.
Iran has signalled to six world powers that it is open to talks about its ballistic missile arsenal, seeking to reduce tension over the disputed programme, Iranian and Western officials familiar with the overtures told Reuters.
ANKARA/LONDON/WASHINGTON: Iran has suggested to six world powers that it may be open to talks about its ballistic missile arsenal, seeking to reduce tension over the disputed programme, Iranian and Western officials familiar with the overtures told Reuters.
Tehran has repeatedly vowed to continue building up what it calls defensive missile capability in defiance of Western criticism, with Washington saying the Islamic Republic's stance violates its 2015 nuclear deal with the powers.
But the sources said that given U.S. President Donald Trump's threats to ditch the deal reached under his predecessor Barack Obama, Tehran had approached the powers recently about possible talks on some "dimensions" of its missile programme.
"During their meeting on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly last month, Iran told members of the (world powers) that it could discuss the missile programme to remove concerns,"
an Iranian source with knowledge of the meeting told Reuters on condition of anonymity.
U.S. and Western officials did not confirm the matter was discussed at the Zarif-Tillerson meeting. But two U.S. officials said Iran had recently been "keeping it alive" by feeding certain media reports and via third parties such as Oman.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A former U.S. Defense Department official said Iran's overtures had reached Washington in recent weeks.
"Iran has put feelers out saying it is willing to discuss its ballistic missile programme and is using contacts ... - officials who were 'holdovers' from the Obama administration," the former official said.
Iran's reported approach came after Trump called the nuclear accord "an embarrassment" and "the worst deal ever negotiated". He is expected to announce soon that he will decertify the deal, a senior administration official said on Thursday.
Such a step could unravel the breakthrough agreement - seen by supporters as crucial to forestalling a Middle East arms race and tamping down regional tensions since it limits Iran's ability to enrich uranium in exchange for sanctions relief.
"RECYCLING OFFERS"
The other five powers are Britain, France, Germany, Russia and China, all of whom have reaffirmed commitment to the deal.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met his counterparts from the six powers, including U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for the first time, on the fringes of the U.N. gathering on Sept. 20.
"The Americans expressed their worries about Iran's missile capability and Zarif said in reply that the programme could be discussed," the Iranian source told Reuters.
A U.S. official with first-hand knowledge of dealings with the Islamic Republic said Zarif had been recycling offers that "have been lying dormant on the table for some time.
"Zarif knows that if Trump goes ahead and decertifies Iran, it (Iran) will be on the high ground, and the U.S. will be isolated among the (six powers)," the official said.
The Iranian Foreign Ministry refused to comment on the reported overtures. The U.S. mission at the United Nations referred Reuters to the U.S. State Department for comment.
The State Department declined comment on whether possible talks on missiles were addressed at the meeting or whether Iran had recently communicated such interest.
But it said Washington remained committed to "countering the full range of threats the Iranian regime poses to the U.S., our allies, and regional stability, including its ballistic missile development".
The Trump administration has imposed fresh unilateral sanctions on Iran, saying its missile tests violate the U.N. resolution that formalised the nuclear deal. It calls on Tehran not to undertake activities related to missiles capable of delivering atom bombs.
Iran says it has no such plans and denies breaching the resolution.
Iran has one of the biggest ballistic missile programmes in the Middle East, viewing it as an essential precautionary defence against the United States and other adversaries, primarily Gulf Arab states and Israel.
KHAMENEI CONSULTED ON MISSILE OVERTURE
A senior Iranian official, who also asked not to be named, said pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani, Zarif and Revolutionary Guards commanders have had several meetings with Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who has the last say on all Iranian policy, to secure his backing for missile talks.
"The leader was not optimistic during the meetings because he does not trust Americans. Others argued that the heightening tension over the missile programme could be resolved through talks," said the official, involved in backroom negotiations.
Any talks would not aim to end or suspend Iran's missile programme but to "negotiate some dimensions of it, like limiting production of some missiles with specific ranges," he said.
"Diplomacy worked well in ending the nuclear stand-off... The dispute over the missile programme also can be resolved through talks," the official said.
A third Iranian official said Tehran would be willing to discuss long-range missiles. He did not elaborate.
A U.S. official with extensive experience negotiating with Iran said "putting this out there publicly as Zarif has done puts pressure on the (Trump) administration".
A Western official said the administration had assessed Zarif's approach to be "a stalling tactic by Tehran".
Another Western official said Iran must present concrete details for missile talks: "What will need to be seen are the specifics on load capability, the distance range of missiles and how many kilograms can a missile warhead carry."
When asked if Iran appeared willing to negotiate on its missile programme, a French diplomat said: "We talk about everything with them, including the ballistic programme.
"Our objective is that this leads to concrete acts. On the ballistic issue they repeat that it's all defensive and has nothing to do with nuclear."
(Additional reporting by John Irish in Paris and Yara Bayoumy in Washington; editing by Mark Heinrich)
I've heard a lot of different reactions to President Taylor Reveley's decision to retire next June: happiness, confusion, surprise, sorrow. I was as shocked as anybody by his sudden announcement, but I can't say that I feel sad.
he has always been a friendly, approachable president who loves talking to students and making goofy videos with the Griffin. Of course I'll miss him.
Let me clarify. I am not happy that Reveley is leaving this school. He has done more for this school than I can fit in this article. Beyond that, he has always been a friendly, approachable president who loves talking to students and making goofy videos with the Griffin. Of course I'll miss him.
If Reveley wants to finally retire and relax after such a long career, I can't get upset.
However, Reveley has been president of the College of William and Mary for nearly a decade. A decade is a long time, no matter who you are. 10 years ago, I was over a foot shorter than I am now and still learning how to spell the names of all the months. (Where does that first “r” in February come from, anyway?) Before he was president, Reveley was dean of the Marshall-Wythe School of Law at William and Mary. Since 1998 — the year I was born — Reveley has been working hard to make William and Mary a great school. And now, Reveley says that “I want to enjoy a few years of retirement” and “figure out what it is that I would like to do.” If Reveley wants to finally retire and relax after such a long career, I can't get upset. Being sad seems like the wrong reaction to something that Reveley is clearly looking forward to. Besides, the image of Reveley sunbathing on a tropical beach somewhere makes me too happy to be upset over his retirement.
Some of you might think that I do not feel upset over Reveley's retirement because I haven't been here long enough or that I never got to talk to him. That statement is partially true. I am a freshman and obviously haven't interacted with Reveley as much as some students. However, that does not mean I don't feel connected to Reveley. I've listened to him speak on many occasions. I've seen him walking down Jamestown Road and strolling by the Sunken Garden. I trick-or-treated at his house on Halloween. Even before I arrived at William and Mary, my older brother told me how Reveley was always willing to stop and take a selfie with a student. But things change. Reveley would have to leave William and Mary at some point, and I think we should be glad that he's leaving on his own terms.
As President Reveley starts his last year at the College, we should definitely celebrate his many achievements and reminisce about his long tenure at this school.
As President Reveley starts his last year at the College, we should definitely celebrate his many achievements and reminisce about his long tenure at this school. But when Reveley finally packs up the President's House next June, we should be smiling right along with him.
Email Eric Nubbe [email protected]
(Reuters Health) - Parents can make the most of their time at their child's routine pediatrician visits by preparing for each appointment, according to a new resource published in JAMA Pediatrics.
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that children see a pediatrician regularly and often during their first three years of life.
Advertisement
"Parents' time is becoming more and more precious, and these appointments are so frequent, that we want to help people make the most of that time," said Dr. Maheen Quadri of Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago, who co-wrote the one-page primer intended for parents and caregivers.
"One of the most important things we do during these visits is give vaccines," Quadri said in a phone interview. "Before appointments, it's important to know what's up-to-date."
The freely accessible patient page (https://bit.ly/2MJ6OyI) emphasizes the best ways for parents to prepare children and their medical files before meeting with doctors.
"It's also really valuable to have that one-on-one time with a doctor, especially when we have so many resources online with different medical advice," she said. "Having that connection with a person who has expertise can be a source of support as you go through the new experience of parenting."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Quadri and co-author Megan Moreno of the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health in Madison first recommend knowing your child's history and family's history to ensure that medical records are accurate and up-to-date. Don't forget to transfer them if seeing a new clinician, and consider taking a folder with your child's records to appointments.
The doctor will ask questions about your child's health, your family's health and your child's development at every visit. It helps to be familiar with developmental milestones, such as crawling, walking, and different phases of talking. The doctor may ask you to fill out development questionnaires to assess how your child's growth is progressing, so pay attention to these milestones between visits.
"Many parents don't realize that yearly health supervision or 'check-up' visits are recommended for children age 3 (years) and up as well," said Dr. Jennifer Shu of Children's Medical Group in Atlanta, Georgia, who is also medical editor of HealthyChildren.org.
"When children are younger and making frequent visits to the pediatrician for routine immunizations and the expected toddler illnesses, going to the doctor is top-of-mind," she told Reuters Health by email. "Once kids start elementary school, check-ups can fall out of habit."
The patient resource also recommends bringing a list of questions about health and development topics to visits. For questions about movements or behaviors, for instance, consider bringing a picture or video. For children who take medicine, including inhalers, it helps to bring the drugs to the visit to confirm current doses and ask any questions.
It's also important to talk to your child before the visit to prepare for it. This can depend on your child's age and maturity, but in general, it is best to be as honest as you can about the visit and what it will involve, including undressing or physical exams. Talk about the possibility of shots and blood tests, and explain that these are normal to do. Try to schedule a fun activity after the visit to reward your child for a job well done, and avoid describing doctor visits or vaccines as punishments or part of behavior negotiations.
For the times when you're waiting at the doctor's office, consider bringing drinks, snacks, books and toys. Think of this as protected time you get to spend with your child.
"I encourage parents to pick a time of year that's convenient and easy to remember so it becomes a yearly routine," Shu said. "For example, some of my patients like to bring all of their kids at the same time while on summer break."
Shu takes her daughter to the pediatrician every fall on her birthday so she can get a flu vaccine at the same time. Other parents plan annual check-ups when school, sports or camp forms are needed.
"Some families have experiences with the healthcare system that aren't always the most positive, and seeing a doctor often can seem uncomfortable or strange," Quadri said. "We're here to support parents, answer their questions and monitor their child's development over time."
SOURCE: https://bit.ly/2MJ6OyI JAMA Pediatrics, online June 25, 2018.
LONDON: British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday (Oct 6) she would stay on as leader to provide stability after a former chairman of her Conservative Party said he had garnered the support of 30 lawmakers who wanted her to quit.
May is trying to face down a rebellion by some of her own lawmakers just as Britain enters a crucial stage in Brexit talks, 18 months before the country leaves the European Union and must redefine its place in the world.
Some Conservative plotters say her authority is shattered beyond repair after a disastrous speech at her party's conference, which comes after she called a snap election and lost her party its majority in parliament.
Speaking from her parliamentary constituency of Maidenhead in southern England, May said in a televised statement: "What the country needs is calm leadership and that's what I'm providing with the full support of my cabinet."
Senior ministers rallied around May, who has just over a year to agree a divorce deal with the EU ahead of Britain's exit in March 2019. May said she planned to hold a scheduled meeting about Brexit with business leaders on Monday in Downing Street.
But former party chairman Grant Shapps told BBC radio: "I think she should call a leadership election."
Advertisement
Advertisement
After May's bungled election, her failure to unite the cabinet and a poor party conference "the writing is on the wall," he said.
May's authority was already diminished by her decision to call a snap election in June that lost her party its majority in parliament days before Brexit talks opened.
Though no Conservative ministers have publicly indicated any support for the plot, such a blunt demand for May to quit indicates the extent of her weakness while she attempts to navigate the intricacies of the negotiations to leave the EU.
Her survival has so far been dependent on the absence of an obvious successor who could unite the party and the fear of an election that many Conservatives think would let opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn into power.
Sterling fell earlier in the day but then rallied by around a quarter of a cent against the US dollar following May's remarks. It later fell after US payrolls data was released.
SERIOUS PLOT?
May's speech to activists on Wednesday was ruined by coughing fits, a comedian handing her a bogus employment termination notice and by letters falling off the slogans on the set behind her.
She had hoped to use the speech to her party in the northern English city of Manchester to revive her premiership.
"Look, I've had a cold all this week," May said, adding that she would be updating lawmakers next week on her Brexit plans and introducing a draft bill to cap domestic energy prices.
Shapps, who chaired the party between 2012 and 2015, said the plot to remove her existed before this week's party conference and included both supporters and opponents of Brexit. He said the group did not have a unified view on who should replace May.
However, grassroots Conservative members did not share his desire for a change in leadership, said James Pearson, Vice President of the National Conservative Convention which represents the party's voluntary wing.
"I don't think there's much support in the Conservative Party for Grant Shapps. I don't see this as anything that's really serious to be honest," Pearson told Reuters.
"The general feeling is we don't have the time or the appetite for a lengthy leadership election, nor do we actually want it," Pearson, who sits on the Conservatives' Board, the party's ultimate decision-making body, added.
To trigger a formal leadership challenge, 48 Conservative lawmakers need to write to the chairman of the party's so-called 1922 committee.
"Number 10 must be delighted to learn that it's Grant Shapps leading this alleged coup," Charles Walker, vice-chairman of the 1922 committee, told BBC radio.
"Grant has many talents, but one thing he doesn't have is a following in the party, so really I think this is now just going to fizzle out to be perfectly honest."
If May stays, talks on leaving the European Union will be guided by one of the weakest leaders in recent British history. EU diplomats and officials expressed astonishment about the uncertainty in London.
"SHE SHOULD STAY"
Supporters, including her most senior ministers, said she should remain in charge to deliver Brexit.
Under the headline 'Theresa May will stay as Prime Minister and get the job done,' interior minister Amber Rudd wrote in The Telegraph newspaper that "she should stay". May's de facto deputy Damian Green said she would carry on. Environment Secretary Michael Gove also said he hoped she would continue.
"I know that she is as determined as ever to get on with the job, she sees it as her duty to do so and she will carry on and she will make a success of this government," Green, the first secretary of state, told BBC television.
Many Conservative activists fear a leadership contest would exacerbate the divide in the party over Europe, an issue that helped sink the previous three Conservative prime ministers - David Cameron, John Major and Margaret Thatcher.
A leadership contest could also pave the way for an election that some Conservatives worry could be won by Corbyn, whom they cast as a Marxist who would reverse decades of free market policies.
"The Conservatives have no plan for Britain and their posturing will not deliver the change our country is crying out for," Corbyn said on Friday.
October has arrived which means fewer vehicles bearing out-of-state license plates can be seen. Travelers are welcome all summer and a smidge beyond.
Dude ranches happily provide a taste of the west to guests. As fall comes along, outfitters welcome hunters and anglers. Tourists, recreationists, visitors — all contribute to economic health in cowboy country. Still, there's always that unvoiced feeling. Which is to say, we locals are happy when tourists are happy. We're also happy when we wave goodbye.
Here's a song parody from my new book: Cowgal Pals Song Parodies.
You can warble this to the tune of Springtime in the Rockies.
“Oh, it's Dudetime in the Rockies and they're coming back this way. All the travelers from the cities, with their credit cards they'll pay.”
DUDETIME IN THE ROCKIES
Recommended Stories For You
Now it's Dudetime in the Rockies,
And the dudes are coming fast,
With their waders and their fly rods,
Oh, they dream of a perfect cast.
In their RV's and their trailers,
They are clogging up the roads,
Oh, they park their rigs on Main Street,
And wear shoes with open toes.
And they all have little doggies
That they carry like a purse,
Or they lead big German Shepherds,
My, it's hard to say what's worse.
Oh, it's Dudetime in the Rockies,
And they're coming back this way,
All the travelers from the cities,
With their credit cards they'll pay.
And they love to spend their time at
A dude ranch far from town,
Where the horsies all are gentle,
And the saddles soft as down.
And the wranglers smile to see them
In their funny riding clothes,
For they wear their chaps with nothing,
Leaving birthday suits exposed.
When the tourists come in springtime,
They'll be coming here to play,
Once again we'll say we love them,
While their money flows our way.
And we'll wave good-bye in autumn,
For we're glad they didn't stay,
When it's Dudetime in the Rockies,
In the Rockies far awayyyy.❖
REUTERS: Verizon Communications Inc is close to a revised deal to buy Yahoo Inc's core internet business for US$250 million to US$350 million less than the original agreed price of US$4.83 billion, according to a source briefed on the matter.
Since last year, Verizon had been trying to persuade Yahoo to amend the terms of the acquisition agreement to reflect the economic damage from two cyberattacks.
Another person familiar with the situation said the price cut was likely to be around US$250 million, a figure that Bloomberg reported earlier on Wednesday.
Yahoo and Verizon did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Verizon hopes to combine Yahoo's search, email and messenger assets, as well as advertising technology tools, with its AOL unit, which Verizon bought in 2015 for US$4.4 billion. Verizon has been looking to mobile video and advertising for new sources of revenue outside an oversaturated wireless market.
Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo has been under scrutiny by federal investigators and lawmakers since disclosing the largest known data breach in history.
Yahoo shares rose 1.6 percent to US$45.76 in morning trading. Verizon shares fell 0.7 percent to US$47.96.
(Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington and Jessica Toonkel in New York; Additional reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Tiffany Wu)
As the “World No Tobacco Day 2018″ is commemorated globally, the World Health Organisation (WHO) has called on countries to raise taxes on tobacco products to make them less affordable.
WHO, in a message on Wednesday to commemorate the day celebrated annually on May 31, also urged countries to enforce a comprehensive ban on tobacco advertising, promotion, sponsorship and monitor tobacco use and prevention policies.
The organisation said it was concerned over the number of deaths caused by tobacco use as the global tobacco epidemic killed more than seven million people yearly.
It urged countries to protect people from exposure to tobacco smoke by creating a completely smoke-free indoor public places, workplaces and public transport.
WHO advised countries to also offer help to people who wished to quit tobacco use by covering the cost of their treatments, provide medical care, counselling and toll-free lines.
The organisation urged governments to adopt these measures as it would help to reduce tobacco use and protect people from Non Communicable Diseases (NCDs).
“Nearly 80 per cent of the more than one billion smokers worldwide live in low and middle-income countries where the burden of tobacco-related illness and death is heaviest.
“Despite the known harms of tobacco to heart health and the availability of solutions to reduce related death and disease, knowledge among large sections of the public that tobacco is one of the leading causes of Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) is low.
“Tobacco use is an important risk factor for the development of coronary heart disease, stroke and peripheral vascular disease.
“CVD kills more people than any other cause of death worldwide and tobacco use and second-hand smoke exposure contributes to approximately 12 per cent of all heart disease deaths.
“Tobacco use is the second leading cause of CVD after high blood pressure,” it said.
WHO said that the world no tobacco day was commemorated to focus on the impact tobacco had on the cardiovascular health of people globally.
By Ronald Craft;
;
I would like to comment on the recent Lewiston Village Board's Article in the Lewiston Sentinal regarding the Board favoring ‘ambiance' over ‘signage safety' – which includes the same reasoning for a ban on sandwich boards – to be appalling.
These same board members continually market the village as a great walking community, a great place to visit and promote the need for retail on Center Street, yet their actions show otherwise.
New York State's mandate for a more safety effective pedestrian yield sign seems appropriate considering the ‘near misses' I, and a number of fellow pedestrians, have had — not to mention a recent pedestrian fatality.
On the matter of sandwich fact: Sandwich Boards are a very cost effective way to advertise for a small business. I have researched signage laws covering sandwich boards with regards to free speech. It just so happens The Institute For Justice, a group of [pro bono] lawyers who filed suit on behalf of a couple in Sacramento, California, who placed a board outside of their place of business and were found in non compliance.
The institute prevailed; the Federal Court ruled the ban on sandwich boards infringed on the freedom of speech, curtailed their business operation and ruled that areas in front of their place of business was a public forum. It also ruled the village's justification for the code regarding aesthetics and safety was not justified.
I may also add, the State of New York put out a reprinted pamphlet, in 2011 — namely the ‘Municipal Control of Signs.” The pamphlet highlighted two court cases stating “that prohibiting portable signs is in violation of the First Amendment and discriminatory in nature,” when all other signs may be allowed such as estate and real estate signs.
I also question the added burden to some business owners to meet questionable ‘historical significance' when building, when others, within eyesight, have been excluded. I am thoroughly disgusted at the Village Fathers complete disregard for the safety and welfare of not only pedestrians, but the need for retail to use a cost effective method to advertise their products.
I would rather the Village Fathers direct the correction of ambiance to the areas of dead grass on Center Street, the removal of dead trees and dog droppings.
The idea of their taking over Center St. from the state is another ‘Pie in the Sky' idea.
It would be an added expense. They need to consider the fact we are about to have a town tax added to residents already burdened with a village tax. This coupled with the oncoming reassessment and the minimum wage going up to $9.00 per hour and the future possibility of $15 per hour may spell disaster for residential homeowners and local businesses.
In the end I would suggest Village Fathers start looking after the welfare of pedestrians, homeowners and entrepreneurs, instead of a select few who have a debatable view of ambiance and historical significance.
WASHINGTON: Former Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe wrote a confidential memo last spring recounting a conversation that provided "significant behind-the-scenes" details on the firing of former FBI director James Comey, the New York Times reported on Wednesday (May 30).
The Times reported that McCabe had turned in his memo to Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether Moscow colluded with President Donald Trump's campaign to meddle in the 2016 US election. Comey's firing is one part of Mueller's inquiries into whether Trump tried to obstruct the investigation.
Advertisement
McCabe and the Justice Department declined to comment to the Times.
The Times reported, citing several people familiar with the discussion, that in the document McCabe described a conversation at the Justice Department with Deputy Attorney General Rod J Rosenstein after Comey was abruptly fired.
Rosenstein had played a main role in Comey's May 2017 dismissal, writing a memo in which he rebuked Comey over his handling of an investigation into Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton during the election campaign.
Former FBI Director James Comey arrives for a taping of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert in the Manhattan borough of New York City, Apr 17, 2018. (Photo: Reuters/Brendan McDermid)
Advertisement
Advertisement
But in the meeting at the Justice Department Rosenstein added a new detail: that Trump had originally asked him to reference Russia in his memo, The Times reported, citing the sources familiar. Rosenstein did not elaborate on what Trump had wanted him to say, according to the newspaper.
Trump's lawyers have cited Rosenstein's involvement in Comey's firing as proof that there was no effort to obstruct justice, the Times reported.
The Times reported that Trump wanted Rosenstein to mention that he was not personally under investigation in the Russia probe, but Rosenstein did not include the reference. Until his dismissal, Comey had been leading an investigation into the Trump campaign's possible collusion with Russia.
The Kremlin has denied meddling in the election and Trump has denied that there was any collusion between his campaign and Moscow officials.
The protesters held that mining firms were damaging the environment and destroying the traditional places of worship of the local tribal communities. Photo: Bloomberg
Gadchiroli: Hundreds of gram sabha members of Etapalli taluka on Monday held a protest march to the sub-divisional office (SDO) in Gadchiroli, demanding that mining rights given to various private firms in the area be revoked.
The protesters held that these firms were damaging the environment and destroying the traditional places of worship of the local tribal communities. The protesters demanded that the government implement the provisions of the Panchayats (Extension to Scheduled Areas) Act 1996 or PESA and the Forest Rights Act effectively.
The protesters submitted a memorandum of their demands addressed to the governor to the SDO.
"Sometimes I'm one of the people who get frustrated," Amodei said. "Look, I'm not going to be the language proctor for the U.S. House of Representatives, but I am going to allow a senior staffer who deals with all of that stuff — if they think a situation was such that it warranted saying something up the line.... Well, you know what, I'm responsible for what I'm saying right now. Welcome to the world where words have impact."
LONDON-Chart-topping star Adele has taken a ‘vow of silence' to protect her voice ahead of four shows at Wembley Stadium.
The London-born singer is poised to play four dates at the iconic venue between June 28 and July 2, and in a bid to ensure her voice is in top-notch shape, she has vowed to remain silent for the next two weeks.
A source said: ‘'Adele is planning a vow of silence to make sure her voice is in tip-top shape for Wembley.
‘'She wants to give fans the greatest performances ever for her end to the tour, especially being in front of her home crowd.''
The 29-year-old star has been living on a anti-vampire diet - which involves drinking garlic juice every day - throughout her tour to protect her vocal chords.
And the ‘Hello' hitmaker has even been restricted in the conversations she's had with her husband Simon Konecki and their four-year-old son Angelo.
The source told the Daily Star newspaper: ‘'During her tour she was on a strident vocal lockdown regime for almost a year. Specialists didn't want her wearing out her voice in between gigs so she was restricted to only key conversations with husband Simon and son Angelo. ‘'However, since she played in March, she has been allowed to go back to her normal life. Her friends always felt she was a little chatterbox, so she has been back to her old ways recently, but for the finale she is adamant that it should be her masterpiece.''
Adele previously suffered a vocal-cord haemorrhage in October 2011, which forced her to cancel two tours, as she needed an extended period of rest in order to recover.
Doctors warned the star that she risked permanent damage to her voice if she didn't rest and recuperate properly.
Betty J. Luly, 86, of Godfrey, passed away Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at Alton Memorial Hospital.
Visitation will be 9 a.m. until service at 10 a.m. Friday, June 1, at Elias, Kallal and Schaaf Funeral Home in Godfrey with Pastor Nick Kessinger officiating. Burial will take place in Valhalla Memorial Park in Godfrey.
Textures are striking. Anderson oscillates between matte and glossy glazes, in a spare palette of black, white and gold. The pieces, on pedestals and on the floor, marry an industrial look — contemporary, sturdy, spare — with ornate, baroque flamboyance. Sloppy craft may be a popular idiom these days, but Anderson opts instead for the pristine and immaculate, even as he draws from a hodgepodge of visual sources: the sprightly, cartoonish forms of the Japanese superflat aesthetic; the oversized frowning lips of blackface minstrelsy; offensive racial stereotypes and saccharine cuteness. Throughout his work, seduction consorts with repulsion, innocence with threat.
Citing ‘poor' site management and ‘rampant' fixer operations, the Land Transportation Office in Central Visayas (LTO-7) is implementing a major reshuffling involving 10 office heads in the region.
LTO-7 Director Victor Caindec said he ordered the reshuffling after receiving multiple complaints about the services in 10 district offices headed by the officials involved in the revamp.
The office heads to be affected are Macario Getaruelas (Jagna, Bohol), Sande Rosendo Padriga (Talibon, Bohol), Angeles Enoc (Tagbilaran City), Sonia Calulo (Tagbilaran City), Bernardo Borromeo (Talisay City, Cebu), Jean Encarnacion Aying (DLRMO- SM City Cebu), Maria Deanna Grace Nosdo (Mandaue City), Adela Ybanez (New Registration Unit Approving officer), and Fernando Bustillos (Toledo City).
With the reshuffling, Caindec reminded staff and office heads to optimize their performance and get rid of fixers in their offices or be ready to face the consequences.
“We are watching and once you get caught, prepare to leave LTO,” Caindec said.
Caindec said that this is only the first level of their reassignment plans in order to improve the services in LTO offices.
Apple Retail is, admittedly, a bit of a broad topic. Though it is predominantly about selling Apple products, it also extends far beyond that — it's about interacting with customers, regardless of knowhow or background, in the best and most meaningful way. This involves consideration for an individual's entire retail experience, whether it includes Genius Bar repairs, informative workshops, accessibility, pleasing design, or anything else that could affect someone once they set foot in an Apple Retail location.
Apple operates both physical Apple Stores and Apple Stores on the interweb under the graceful guidance of the company's Senior Vice President of Retail, Angela Ahrendts. Whether in meatspace or online, they are some of the most profitable retail spaces in the world. If you don't want to miss out on the latest and greatest Apple Retail news, bookmark this page and check back regularly.
What's new with Apple Retail?
May 30, 2018: Angela Ahrendts set to appear at Cannes Lions festival in June
According to the Cannes Lions Programme, Angela Ahrendts, Apple's Senior VP of Retail, is going to speak at the marketing event on Wednesday, June 20 at 12:00 pm. The interview, which will be lead by Apple's VP of Marketing Communications Tor Myhren, is called "Reimagining the Retail Experience." It will last approximately 45 minutes and focus on Apple's retail vision, unlocking creativity, investing in physical stores, and, in the company's own words, "humanizing technology."
Ahrendts has been widely credited with the complete reinvention of Apple Retail, leading the charge in the brand's recent commitment to better design of their retail spaces and connecting with human beings rather than simply selling a product. Under her guidance, the company has also instituted its "Today at Apple" series of workshops, aimed at helping individuals of all ages and levels of technological experience get the most out of their Apple products.
Though Apple is expected to make a slough of announcements during its upcoming WWDC keynotes, there is also a possibility that Ahrendts and Myhren may make a few smaller announcements on behalf of the company using the platform at Cannes Lions.
Questions? Thoughts?
Confused about any HomeKit news? Share your queries with us in the comments below and we'll do our best to answer them for you.
The Police in Kano said it had arrested one suspected armed robber for allegedly stealing a Toyoto car, cash and valuable items worth N3.9 million in Sheka Quarters, Kano.
Spokesman of the command, SP Magaji Majiya, made this known in a statement in Kano on Wednesday.
He stated that on June 19, 2018, the suspect, Mujahid Suleiman of Sheka Quarters, Kano, led his three gang members: Rabiu Sama'ila, Al-Amir and Uwardawa Abo, all of the same address but currently at large, for robbery.
He noted that “all armed with cutlasses and knives, they stormed into three houses located at Sheka Quarters in Kano, where they beat and injured residents of the house and made away with one Toyota Vibe car, cash and other valuable items worth N3.9 million.”
He added that the suspect confessed to the crime and mentioned one Abdulaziz now at large as the person who gave them tips on the houses they attacked.
Majiya said a team of investigating officers were working to arrest the fleeing suspects and all their accomplices, recover the exhibit and be charge to court.
ALTON — If you're ready quit smoking, help is available through an American Cancer Society smoking cessation support program hosted by OSF Saint Anthony's Health Center.
The first session of the free six-week Freshstart program will be 6 p.m. to 7 p.m. Monday, Jan. 16, in the auditorium of OSF Saint Clare's Medical Office Building, 815 East Fifth St.
“We follow the American Cancer Society's program that teaches participants effective ways to overcome nicotine dependence, including essential information to plan a successful quit attempt, skills for coping with cravings and group support,” said Flavia Martinez, a trained OSF Saint Anthony's smoking cessation facilitator.
The program is designed to help any tobacco user, including those who may be unsure about wanting to quit, and specifically addresses indecision about quitting.
The evidence-based approach is geared to help participants increase their motivation to quit.
“Participants learn effective approaches for quitting,” Martinez said. “They make an informed choice about the quitting techniques they will use such as cold turkey, scheduled smoking, medication or tapering to guide them in making a successful quit attempt.”
According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, benefits of smoking cessation include:
• 20 minutes after quitting: heart rate and blood pressure drop.
• 12 hours after quitting: carbon monoxide in bloodstream drops to normal.
• Two weeks to three months after quitting: circulation and lung function improve; heart attack risk begins to drop.
• One to nine months after quitting: Less coughing, easier breathing.
• One year after quitting: risk of coronary heart disease cut in half.
• Two to five years after quitting: risk of cancer of mouth, throat, esophagus and bladder cut in half; stroke risk is reduced to that of a nonsmoker.
• 10 years after quitting: half as likely to die from lung cancer; risk of kidney or pancreatic cancer decreases.
• 15 years after quitting: risk of coronary heart disease same as a nonsmoker.
To register or for information, visit the website and click Find Classes and Events, or call (618) 465-2264.
osfsaintanthonys.org
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
The Bengals and Marvin Lewis are giving it another go. Who saw that plot twist coming? I thought for sure they were going to split up like Jen Aniston and Vince Vaughn in "The Break-Up." Over the last couple years, Marv and the Bengals looked like one of those couples staying together for the kids. They looked miserable together. There was no heat. No passion. And then, all of a sudden, we got an Evite announcing they were going to renew their vows in a Las Vegas ceremony with an Elvis impersonator as the officiant.
What a wild offseason.
But I'll be honest with you, Bengals fans. We've been through some rough times, you and me. I've always shot you straight, though. And my honest opinion here is ...
I don't hate this decision.
There is talent on the roster. Lewis has gotten you double-digit wins before -- and it's conceivable the Bengals could get back to the tournament after two playoff-free seasons. Now, it could continue the vicious cycle of him getting an extension and we're doing this again for the next five years. But for this season, it could work. Here are five reasons why:
1) The offensive line won't be as offensive
Everything starts up front. If the offensive line doesn't get better, everything from this point on is moot. The Bengals made two moves in the spring that I really like for 2018. Getting Cordy Glenn via trade was enormous. He immediately legitimizes the line as an anchor at the left tackle spot. He's one of the best at his position. And I know the haters -- Steelers fans, amirite? -- will be all, "IF the guy can stay healthy." Which, no kidding. Thank you for letting us know how this works. You can say this about everyone in the league. ... OK, considering Glenn has missed 15 games over the past two seasons, I guess, um, that is a fair point. But if he's healthy, the LT spot is rock solid.
I also really liked the first-round pick of center Billy Price out of Ohio State. I actually had Price tagged to the Bengals in my draft preview. Watch out, Mike Mayock. Good for Cincy, getting a player who dominated in college ... before he got hurt at the NFL Scouting Combine, scaring some folks away. It's like walking into a restaurant with a "B" health rating. Sometimes you have to walk on the wild side.
2) Belated returns from the 2017 draft class
The Bengals went hard on the offensive side of the ball early in the 2017 NFL Draft. Two huge swings. Two huge misses. At least in Year 1. But that's OK. The bold approach could pay off this year -- and beyond.
First, I liked the John Ross pick at No. 9 overall last year. He's so fast. I mean, like really fast. I know people like to say they're fast, but Ross really is. Following that selection, I remember saying -- over and over again -- that Ross himself might not put up huge numbers, but his mere presence on the field will open it up for A.J. Green and Tyler Boyd.
Then Ross played 17 snaps last year.
Shoulder and knee injuries hijacked his rookie campaign. So there is nowhere to go but up, right? Ross will now be the subject of the various summertime tropes, including a couple personal faves: "The best shape of his life" and "Regaining his form". In fact, those stories are already bubbling up. I'm here for it.
And then there was the second-round pick: Joe Mixon. Look, as I've stated before on NFL Network and elsewhere, I struggle analyzing this guy. That's just the truth. The video tape of him striking a woman is impossible to forget. But in this piece, I'm tasked with assessing the Bengals' outlook for 2018. And on the field, Mixon offers a spectacular skill set. It wasn't really on display much last year, quite possibly due to injuries and poor line play. But the belief is Mixon will break out behind a much-improved front in 2018. That theory makes sense -- and it needs to be right for the Bengals to win. Still, Pro Football Focus tells me that he ranked 43rd (out of 53 qualifying backs) in yards after contact. He was 49th in elusive rating. Again, Bengals fans hope injuries and the line were the biggest problems, but Mixon himself has to be better.
3) Andy Dalton is better than you think
The Bengals play 14 games in the 1 p.m. window, so that's great news! I know, I know: That was a cheap shot. But a narrative -- like, say "Andy Dalton crumbles in prime time" -- is at least somewhat rooted in truth, right?
All kidding aside, I like Dalton as a quarterback. He's developed into a typically-efficient passer who doesn't turn the ball over a lot. Yes, he had 12 interceptions last year, but that was uncharacteristic, considering he had 15 total over the previous two years. I mean, he's a good quarterback. And if his dad had been a middling quarterback in the NFL in the 1970s, people would overlook certain shortcomings.
And as an aside, I'm glad the Bengals have decided to go for it, resisting the temptation to spend a high pick on a quarterback and start over. Dalton is just 30 years old. He's led his team to the playoffs five times. What exactly are you looking for?
4) Teryl Austin brings a new feel to the defense
This defense clearly hasn't been the same since Mike Zimmer left for Minnesota in 2014. Zimmer's last three units in Cincy ranked seventh, sixth and third in total defense. Since then: 22nd, 11th, 17th and 18th. I see two big initiatives for Austin ...
First, get Vontaze Burfict on board. He's polarizing, but talented. And let's be honest: The Bengals can use a little bit of an attitude on defense. I mean, within the rules. But some attitude, for sure. In his final year under Zimmer, Burfict posted an NFL-high 171 tackles, three sacks and a pick. Still just 27, he hasn't come close to that kind of stat line since. Bring that guy back, Teryl!
Second, create some turnovers. The Bengals were next-to-last with 14 takeaways last year. Only the Cleveland Browns had fewer. So, you were like dead last among the real teams. Austin was really good at Detroit in this category last year -- the Lions finished third with 32. Getting anywhere near that amount would work wonders for Cincinnati's defense.
5) William Jackson has true shutdown CB potential -- just ask Antonio Brown
Jackson was great as a third corner for the Bengals, but he's ready to take the next step. Pro Football Focus had him as one of the highest-rated corners in the league last year. Quarterbacks had a passer rating of just 36.1 against him. The thing that should stick with Bengals fans, though, is how great he was against Antonio Brown. According to PFF, Brown was targeted seven times when covered by Jackson. AB had zero receptions. And there were four knockdowns.
This is the kind of stud the Bengals can anchor a defense around. And one of Austin's hallmarks is finding ways to get the most out of his defense. He's not the kind of guy to come and do the my-way-or-the-highway stuff that a lot of coordinators are guilty of.
* * * * *
The Bengals have a legitimate chance to reach the playoffs, whether most people realize it or not. And really, you'd much rather be that team everyone is sleeping on. Folks love teams like the 49ers and Bears this offseason, but everyone sleeps on the Bengals. Be cool with that. Because you have a legit chance. (Oh, and forgive me for saying games against you automatically equal two easy wins in the Steelers' piece. I have to say things like that. You know how their fans can be.)
Follow Adam Rank on Twitter @adamrank.
SHANGHAI/DUBAI: China's civil aviation authority has fined Dubai-based carrier Emirates and barred it from adding new destinations and aircraft in China for six months after two incidents of "unsafe operations", the state news agency Xinhua said on Thursday.
According to the report the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) said that the pilots were responsible for an incident on April 17 when an aircraft flew at the wrong altitude and another on May 18 when a plane temporarily lost contact with air traffic control.
Both happened over China's far western region of Xinjiang, it said.
CAAC fined Emirates, the world's largest long-haul airline, 29,000 yuan (US$4,270) and said it had summoned senior officials from the airline for a meeting, Xinhua reported without further details.
Emirates said that it "fully complies" with CAAC's requirements for its flights to China and that it would "co-operate fully" and "complete all actions recommended" by the aviation authority regarding the two incidents.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“Emirates will never compromise on the safety of our passengers and crew. Safety is our number-one priority at all times," the airline said in a statement.
(Reporting by John Ruwitch in Shanghai and Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Editing by Stephen Coates, Greg Mahlich)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
- Advertisement -
The UK government has announced plans for two-year accelerated bachelor degrees that it claims could save students up to £25,000 compared with taking the degree over three years in the normal way.
Accelerated degrees will offer the same qualifications and will be quality-assured in the same way as a standard degree, but delivered over a shorter, usually two-year timespan, according to the proposals, which have been set out for consultation.
The plan will allow institutions to charge up to 20 per cent more each year for accelerated degrees, but the overall tuition fee cost of the degree to the student will be 20 per cent less than the same degree over three years.
This means that the total tuition fee cost would be £5,500 lower than for a standard three-year course. However, the government argued that, since students taking the accelerated course would finish a year early and the average first year salary after graduating is £19,000, the there was a potential £25,000 benefit overall to the student.
This would be achievable by doing the same course in 45 weeks per year instead of 30.
Universities Minister Jo Johnson said the proposal had been made possible by the passing of the Higher Education Research Act, which allowed the government to change the “one-size-fits-all system” so that students have “much more choice over how they learn”.
He said, “For too long we have been stuck with a system that has increasingly focused on offering only one way of benefiting from higher education, via the classic three-year degree programme.
“For highly motivated students hungry for a faster pace of learning and a quicker route into or back into work, at lower overall cost, two-year degrees will be well worth considering.”
He is hoping this will be an attractive option to mature students, but also that many school leavers will see advantages in being able to get a degree and enter the world of work more quickly at lower cost.
The government claimed the proposal would save money for the taxpayer through lower tuition loan outlay and higher rates of repayment and because a higher proportion of students would be repaying loans.
It noted that providers already offering accelerated degrees report that students were more engaged, employers gave more positive feedback and it was possible to attract a “wider pool of applications”, including mature students who often want to retrain and re-enter the workplace more quickly.
- Advertisement -
Professor Les Ebdon, Director of Fair Access to Higher Education, said, “Accelerated degrees are an attractive option for mature students who have missed out on the chance to go to university as a young person.”
But Angela Rayner, the Shadow Education Secretary, said there was no concrete evidence that the shorter courses would benefit students and claimed the proposal was “another plan to raise tuition fees”.
The higher fee cap of £11,100 for the proposed accelerated courses – regular undergraduates currently pay up to £9,250 – has yet to be signed off by the Parliament and it is not known whether there is enough support for it.
That figure represents a row-back on an earlier suggestion that universities might be able to charge the equivalent of the tuition fees for a normal three-year degree for the accelerated version.
There are currently already some accelerated degree courses on offer, including in law, accountancy and English, but demand has been limited, according to Universities UK.
Some observers said there was reluctance on behalf of institutions to offer them because they bring in less tuition fee income and create complications for staff contracts and other arrangements due to the longer term times.
Nick Hillman, director of the Higher Education Policy Institute or HEPI, said, “Making two-year degrees more attractive makes sense as the current rules aren't great and more diversity is generally good in higher education – so long as quality is maintained.”
The government hopes its proposals will lead to many more accelerated courses being made available across a wide range of subjects.
But Hillman said while lower fees for two-year degrees might increase demand from older students, many school leavers were remarkably price-insensitive and liked the idea of staying at university for three or more years.
He also suggested that from the provider's point of view, getting £11,100 to educate students for 40 weeks a year (£280 a week) rather than £9,250 for 30 weeks a year (£310 a week) was unlikely to make a significant difference.
“Overall, the announcement may not be a game changer,” he said.
The consultation is open until February and the new fee arrangements for accelerated degrees will be in place by September 2019.
: Claiming UN support for its controversial One Belt One Road (OBOR) initiative, China on Friday rejected US criticism saying the project has not changed its stand that the Kashmir issue should be resolved by India and Pakistan bilaterally."We have repeatedly reiterated that the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) is an economic cooperation initiative that is not directed against third parties and has nothing to do with territorial sovereignty disputes and does not affect China's principled stance on the Kashmir issue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry told PTI in Beijing.The ministry was responding to comments by US Defence Secretary Jim Mattis that the Belt and Road Initiative "also goes through disputed territory, and I think, that in itself shows the vulnerability of trying to establish that sort of dictate".In a globalised world, there are many belts and many roads, and no one nation should put itself into a position of dictating 'One Belt, One Road', Mattis told a Senate Armed Services Committee during a Congressional hearing on October 4.Mattis' comments were widely interpreted as the US backing India's stand on OBOR especially related to the USD 50 billion CPEC which is being built through Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK). India has protested to China in this regard. Rejecting criticism that it is dictating to the world through OBOR, the ministry said it is an "important international public product".It is an important platform for China to cooperate with relevant countries. It is an open and inclusive development platform and more than 100 countries and international organisations actively supported and participated in it since it was proposed four years ago, it said.More than 70 countries and international organisations which have signed cooperation agreements with China on OBOR, including the UN General Assembly and the UN Security Council, have incorporated it in their important resolutions, it said. Over 130 countries and more than 70 international organisations sent representatives to attend the international cooperation summit - 'Belt and Road Forum', organised by China in Beijing in May and spoke highly of the initiative, the ministry said."This fully explains that the OBOR initiative is in line with the trend of the times and conforms to the rules of development and is in line with the interests of the people of all countries and has a broad and bright prospects for development," the ministry said.India skipped the Belt and Road Forum due to its sovereignty concerns over the CPEC, a flagship project of China's prestigious Silk Road project, officially called OBOR. The 3,000-km CPEC is aimed at connecting China and Pakistan with rail, road, pipelines and optical fibre cable networks.It will connect Xinjiang province with Gwadar port, providing China with access to the Arabian Sea. The project, when completed, would enable China to route its oil supplies from the Middle East through pipelines to Xinjiang, cutting considerable distance for Chinese ships to travel to China.
Pet of the Week: Magie
Meet our Pet of the Week! This week we have Magie. She's a 5 month old puppy who's looking for her forever family! Magie loves everyone and everything. She will make the perfect addition to any family! For more information on Magie, contact Coastal Animal Rescue at (843) 652-4500.
A yellow warning of snow and ice has been issued for the North West of England for Monday evening and Tuesday afternoon, with Blackpool, the Fylde coast and the Preston area likely to be affected.
The Met Office includes those areas likely to experience the severe, wintery weather as Blackburn with Darwen, Blackpool, Cheshire East, Cheshire West and Chester, Cumbria, Greater Manchester, Halton, Lancashire, Merseyside and Warrington valid from 9pm on Monday through to 3pm on Tuesday.
Justice Olusola Williams of Special Offences Court, Lagos, has revoked the bail of one Mr. Olufemi Oluyamoju, a staff of Assets Management Corporation of Nigeria, AMCON, for his failure to appear in court over an alleged criminal suit.
Justice Williams of Special Offences Court on Wednesday withdrew his administrative bail following his persistent non-appearance.
Oluyamoju, who is a clerk of Asset Management Group Ltd is now being hunted for arrest by the anti-graft agency, Special Fraud Unit, SFU.
The defendant was charged to court for allegedly stealing and converting to his own personal use, the sum of N15 million.
The said sum was alleged to have been cornered by Oluyamoju between January and December 2016 while in the employment of Asset Management Group Ltd.
Among the charge against him in suit n, ID/ 6728C/2017 before the court are the following offences: Stealing, contrary to sections 278(a), 278 (2) (f) and 285 (7) of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2011.
The document before the court further reads that: Olufemi Oluyamoju, between January and December, 2016, in Lagos, within the jurisdiction of this honourable court, while being employed as a clerk or servant by Asset Management Group Ltd, 2A, Osborne Road, Ikoyi, Lagos, stole, by dishonestly converting to your own use and benefit the sum of fifteen million naira (N15million), property of your employer, Asset Management Group Ltd which you withdrew from its bank accounts without its consent and authority.
Olufemi Oluyamoju was also alleged to have between January and December 2016 in Lagos within the jurisdiction of this honourable court, knowingly made a false Union Bank Statement of Account concerning the account of Asset Management Group Ltd, for the period between January and October, 2016, with intent that it may in anyway be used or acted upon as genuine to the prejudice of Asset Management Group Ltd, acting through its staff.
SFU also alleged the defendant of using a false statement of Account, contrary to sections 364(1) and 363(1) of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2011, read along with section 16(1) (d) of the same Law of Lagos by fraudulently making use of a false Union Bank statement of account, and presenting same to Asset Management Group Ltd through its staff, and purported that the said statement of account was issued to him by Union Bank Plc as a true state of the account of Asset Management Group Ltd for the period between January and October, 2016.
- Advertisement -
Global stocks were mixed Monday, with major US indices ending at fresh records as bitcoin futures surged in their debut on a major exchange.
The Dow and S&P 500 edged to fresh records amid gains by technology shares as investors brushed off concerns over an explosion early in the day near Times Square that injured three and halted activity in key New York transportation hubs for several hours.
In Europe, bourses played the waiting game ahead of a series of central bank meetings, including a two-day session at the US Federal Reserve that is expected to conclude Wednesday with a decision to lift interest rates.
“It's been another quiet start to trading in what is otherwise going to be a very busy week in financial markets, with a number of central banks scheduled to make interest rate announcements,” said Oanda analyst Craig Erlam.
Frankfurt and Paris both slipped around 0.2 percent, while London bucked the trend, showing a gain of around 0.8 percent.
Most analysts expect the US central bank's policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee to lift interest rates again.
“The Fed will no doubt provide markets with a central focus this week, where the FOMC are expected to come good on their promise of three rate hikes for 2017,” said IG analyst Joshua Mahony.
Bitcoin marches higher
Even with the US records, stocks were overshadowed by the launch of bitcoin futures on the Cboe, the first mainstream exchange to offer trading in the controversial digital currency.
Bitcoin futures for January delivery finished at $18,850.00 at 2115 GMT, a bit below session peaks but well above $15,000, the initial price when Cboe launched the platform on Sunday night.
- Advertisement -
“We are quite pleased,” Cboe chief Ed Tilly said in an interview with AFP several hours after the launch.
“We have been anticipating a slow and steady build. I expect to see that continuing.”
Among individual stocks, Apple jumped 2.0 percent following acquisition of song recognition app Shazam, which is seen as a fresh bid to secure an edge in the intensifying battle of streaming services. Financial terms were not disclosed, but leading technology news sites put the deal at around $400 million.
Disney rose 2.5 percent as its animated comedy “Coco” again led the weekend box office list. Disney also is expected to get a lift from next weekend's release of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi,” predicted to net a mammoth $200 million in its opening weekend.
– Key figures around 2100 GMT –
New York – DOW: UP 0.2 percent at 24,386.03 (close)
New York – S&P 500: UP 0.3 percent at 2,659.99 (close)
New York – Nasdaq: UP 0.5 percent at 6,875.08 (close)
London – FTSE 100: UP 0.8 percent at 7,453.48 (close)
Frankfurt – DAX 30: DOWN 0.2 percent at 13,123.65 (close)
Paris – CAC 40: DOWN 0.2 percent at 5,386.83 (close)
EURO STOXX 50: DOWN 0.3 at 3,582.21
Tokyo – Nikkei 225: UP 0.6 percent at 22,938.73 (close)
Hong Kong – Hang Seng: UP 1.1 percent at 28,965.29 (close)
Shanghai – Composite: UP 1.0 percent at 3,322.20 (close)
Euro/dollar: DOWN at $1.1769 from $1.1773
Pound/dollar: DOWN at $1.3340 from $1.3394
Dollar/yen: UP at 113.56 yen from 113.47
Oil – Brent North Sea: UP $1.29 at $64.69 per barrel
Oil – West Texas Intermediate: UP 63 cents at $57.99 per barrel
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Alberta has one of the lowest rates of organ donation in the country, but a new process is helping to increase donation rates and save more lives.
Darren Reynes has been dealing with serious illness for almost as long as he can remember.
“My journey began with being diagnosed as a type one diabetic at eight-years-old. I've lived with diabetes my whole life. Due to secondary complications to the diabetes, I entered into a stage of renal failure which brought me to dialysis,” he said.
Dialysis kept him alive, but the treatment isn't a cure and is very hard on the body, often leaving him weary and unable to do the things he wanted to. He ended up on an organ donation list, and found a solution close to home: his wife, who was a match and donated one of her kidneys.
“If it wasn't for my wife, I don't know if I would have had the ability to get off dialysis, but I was very fortunate to have the second change, that gift of life,” he said.
About 600 Albertans are on waiting lists for an organ in a province that historically has a low donation rate. But that is slowly changing thanks to the new Alberta Organ and Tissue Donation Registry.
“As of this month, more than 330,000 Albertans have signed up to be organ donors. This is nine per cent of Alberta's population to date. Considering that we only launched the registry three years ago, and compared to other provinces like B.C. and Ontario that have had theirs running for about two decades, this is something to be proud of,” said Sarah Hoffman, Alberta Minister of Health.
Alberta is now the only province that directly asks people to be organ donors when they renew their driver's licence or I.D.
It offers hope for Calgarian Dave Lal, who also has diabetes and has been waiting for a new kidney for the past five years.
“I have to get up and I have to have at least 10 pills,” he said, as he gets ready for pre-renal transplant education at Foothills Hospital, bringing him another step closer to getting an organ.
Meantime, the province continues to push to bring up donation rates, especially the deceased donor rate, which is among the lowest in the country. The province is also running a review of deaths in hospitals in order to determine how many could have led to successful donations.
Just one organ donor can save up to eight lives and one tissue donor can make life better for up to 75 other people, statistics the government hopes will encourage more people to sign up to be donors.
As fundraisers go, this is one of the sweetest around.
And it's for a cause very close to many hearts - mine included. Cupcakes for animal welfare. And the safety and well-being of our forever furry friends.
Raising funds and awareness is as easy as, well - cupcakes! In fact, we're all being encourged to preheat ovens and start baking up a storm for National Cupcake Day, coming up fast Feb. 27, all in order to make - or bake a difference in animals in need.
Now in its fifth year, National Cupcake Day is presented in partnership by the Ontario SPCA and the BC SPCA, and is a collaborative event to support local SPCAs and Humane Societies across Canada.
In 2016, animal lovers across Canada raised over $615,000 in support of their local animal welfare societies.
The campaign has raised $1.85 million to date.
And it really is an easy event to participate in - all you have to do is register to host a National Cupcake Day party and invite co-workers, friends and family. Guests donate to the participating animal welfare charity of the host's choice in exchange for a cupcake! By doing so, you're raising critically-needed funds for animals that are abused, abandoned, neglected or no longer wanted.
Cupcake Day parties can be held anywhere, and on any date in February.
“National Cupcake Day is fun, delicious and, best of all, it changes the lives of animals that have endured hardship and cruelty,” says celebrity chef Anna Olson, host of the Food Network's Bake with Anna Olson and official ‘Cupcake Crusader' for the campaign. “The funds you raise will have a significant impact on the animal welfare societies in your community, ensuring that their life-saving work continues.”
I can't add to that. I'm going to be hosting a cupcake day in my office knowing it's one of the sweetest - and easiest - fundraising events around.
Here are a couple of recipes to get you started. And follow the details on the sidebar if you're interested in hosting your own National Cupcake Day, too.
***
How you can get involved:
1. Register for FREE at nationalcupcakeday.ca
2. Receive for your Cupcake Host Kit to arrive in the mail or download it online.
3. Customize your Personal Fundraising Centre online and ask your friends, family and colleagues to support your fundraising efforts.
4. Send your friends and family an email through your participant centre, encouraging them to show their support by donating online.
5. Plan your National Cupcake Day Party for home, work, school or wherever you think people would love to eat cupcakes.
6. Hold your National Cupcake Day Party on Monday, Feb. 27 or any day in February that works for you.
7. Bake, decorate and eat!
- Visit nationalcupcakeday.ca to register, bake and donate.
Some sweet inspiration:
RHUBARB CUPCAKES WITH STRAWBERRY CREAM CHEESE ICING
Look for rhubarb in frozen food section, or substitute frozen berries if you cannot source. Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario.
Cupcakes:
1 cup (250mL) all-purpose flour
1 tsp. (5mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) salt
1/3 cup (75mL) butter, at room temperature
3/4 cup (175mL) granulated sugar
2 eggs
1/2 tsp. (2 mL) vanilla
1/4 cup (60 mL) milk
3/4 cup (175mL) diced rhubarb (about 1/4-inch/0.5 cm)
Icing:
1/4 cup (60 mL) cream cheese, softened
1 Tbsp. (15mL) butter, at room temperature
3 Tbsp. (45mL) strawberry jam
2 cups (500mL) icing sugar, sifted
2 tsp. (10mL) milk
Strawberry jam (optional)
Line a muffin pan with paper liners; set aside. In medium bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder and salt. In large bowl, using electric mixer, beat butter until creamy. Gradually beat in sugar until well combined. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Add vanilla and beat until fluffy. Gradually beat in flour mixture, alternating with milk, just until smooth. Stir in rhubarb. Using ice cream scoop or large spoons, spoon batter into prepared muffin pan, filling about 3/4 full.
Bake in 350F (180C) oven for 20 to 22 minutes, or until tester inserted in centre comes out clean. Let cool in pan on a rack for 5 minutes; remove cupcakes onto rack and cool completely.
ICING: In medium bowl, using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and butter until smooth. Beat in jam. Add icing sugar and milk; beat until very smooth. Spread icing over cooled cupcakes (or use piping bag). If desired, drizzle a bit of strawberry jam (thinned with a bit of water), over icing. Store in airtight container and refrigerate up to 3 days.
Makes 12 cupcakes.
CARROT AND TRIPLE-CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES
Recipe and photo courtesy Foodland Ontario
Cupcakes:
1/2 cup (125mL) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup (250mL) light brown sugar
3 eggs, separated
1 tsp (5mL) vanilla
1/2 tsp. (2mL) almond extract
1 cup (250mL) coarsely grated carrots (about 3 medium)
1-1/2 cups (375mL) all-purpose flour
1/2 cup (125mL) cocoa powder
1-1/2 tsp. (7mL) ground cinnamon
1 tsp. (5mL) baking soda
1/2 tsp. (2mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) freshly grated nutmeg
1 cup (250mL) buttermilk
1/3 cup (75mL) semisweet chocolate chips
Icing:
1/2 cup (125mL) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1 cup (250mL) icing sugar
2/3 cup (150mL) cocoa powder
1/4 cup (60 mL) buttermilk
1 tsp. (5mL) vanilla
Decoration:
Half pkg. (8 oz/227 g pkg) marzipan
Red and yellow food colouring
Using electric hand mixer, beat butter with all but 1 Tbsp. (15 mL) of brown sugar until fluffy. Add egg yolks, vanilla and almond extract; beat again. Stir in carrots. Set aside.
In large bowl, sift together flour, cocoa powder, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder and nutmeg. Fold into butter mixture, alternate with buttermilk, making 3 additions of flour mixture and 2 of buttermilk. Fold in chocolate chips.
In separate bowl, beat egg whites until frothy. Beat in remaining 1 Tbsp. (15 mL) brown sugar until stiff. Gently fold into batter until just blended. Divide among 12 paper-lined muffin cups. Bake in 375F (190C) oven for about 25 minutes or until tops are springy to the touch. Let cool completely on rack.
ICING: In bowl, beat together butter, icing sugar and cocoa powder for about 1 minute or until fluffy and smooth. Beat in buttermilk and vanilla until smooth. Spread over cooled cupcakes.
TOPPING: Knead marzipan to soften. Tint with food colouring by combining one part red food colouring to two parts yellow to make orange. Form into 12 small carrot shapes. Roll edge of small knife around each carrot, making light indentations. Make small hole in top of each carrot with toothpick; press fresh carrot greens (leaf) into hole.
Makes 12 cupcakes.
PUMPKIN BACON PUPPY PAW COOKIES
Chef Anna Olson created this special cupcakes for puppies and dogs in mind!
4 slices turkey bacon
1½ cups (375mL) pure pumpkin puree
3/4 cup (175mL) milk
1/4 cup (60mL) vegetable oil
1 large egg
1 2/3 cups (250g) whole wheat flour
1-1/2 tsp. (7mL) baking powder
1/4 tsp. (1mL) baking soda
1/4 tsp. (1mL) ground cinnamon
Preheat oven to 375F (190C) and line 2 baking trays with parchment paper.
Cook bacon over medium high heat until crisp, flipping it over 3/4 way through cooking, about 8 minutes in total. Drain bacon on a paper towel, but reserve fat in pan if you wish to use it in treats. Add cooked bacon to bowl of a food processor and pulse until finely ground. Add pumpkin puree, milk, oil and egg and pulse until smooth. Add flour, baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon and pulse until mixture is a smooth paste.
Fill a piping bag fitted with a large plain tip with mixture and pipe “puppy paw” shapes onto prepared trays. To do this, first pipe centre pad to each paw about 1-1/2 in. (36 mm) across, and then pipe 3 smaller dots above base, to maketoes. Bake treats for about 15 minutes, until they lift easily from tray. Allow treats to cool on tray before packing in an airtight container.
Treats will keep for up to 4 days in an airtight container (unrefrigerated) or they can be frozen indefinitely.
Makes about 2 ½ dozen soft treats.
CHEYENNE, Wyo. — Hosted by the Rural Law Center at the University of Wyoming College of Law, the Farm and Ranch Conference on March 3, 2017, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. is part of the Legal Aid of Nebraska Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program, supported by a U.S. Department of Agriculture grant.
The conference seeks to assist beginning farmers and ranchers in acquiring land from retiring farmers and ranchers by delivering business succession planning. The conference is intended to contribute to that objective by giving beginning and retiring farmers and ranchers, and those who serve them, basic education about the legal, financial and human issues related to estate and transition planning.
Featured speakers include: Jim Magagna, Wyoming Stock Growers Association; Cole Ehmke, University of Wyoming Extension & Agriculture and Applied Sciences; Josh Johnson, Agribusiness, ANB Bank; Jenna Keller, Keller Law, LLC., and Frank Kelly, Mountain West Farm Bureau.
This conference is free and open to the public with the availability of listening in person or by Live Streaming for those who cannot attend but would still like to listen. Registration is requested of all participants. To register for this free event, please visit http://www.uwyo.edu/law/center/rural-law-center to register online and view the conference schedule.
If you have any questions, please contact Christine Reed by calling (307) 766-6562 or at christine.reed@uwyo.edu.
Timm Bruch gets a peek at a new exhibit in Lisa Kehler's MacDermot Avenue gallery, which features three artists displaying what the idea of ‘home' means to them.
The appliance maker has been trying to mitigate its higher raw materials costs with price increases and cost cutting.
Whirlpool's quarterly sales and earnings missed analysts' estimates and the appliance maker said it expects continued pressure this year from slower revenue growth and higher raw materials costs.
For the first quarter, Whirlpool reported net income of $94 million, or $1.30 a share, compared with $153 million, or $2.01 a share, in the year-ago period. Sales rose to $4.91 billion from $4.78 billion.
Excluding items, the company earned $2.81 per share, up from $2.50 a year ago. But analysts had expected adjusted earnings of $3.00 a share on sales of $4.95 billion.
Whirlpool noted that its “global cost-based pricing benefits are successfully ramping up, contributing to positive global price/mix during the first quarter” and its fixed cost-cutting initiatives have been completed and are expected to deliver a $150 million net benefit in 2018.
“We are pleased with the progress on our previously-announced global cost-based price increases and fixed cost reduction initiatives, which resulted in expansion of both ongoing EBIT and ongoing earnings per share,” CEO Marc Bitzer said in a news release.
“Our first-quarter results give us further confidence in our long-term value creation strategy, and we remain focused on delivering strong levels of margin expansion and improved cash conversion this year,” he added.
As The Financial Times reports, “Whirlpool shares fell 7.2 per cent last year as it grappled with raw material inflation and declining unit volume. Nevertheless, it had hoped for a smoother ride in 2018 under the Trump administration, which slapped tariffs on washing machines imported by rivals LG and Samsung following a victory before a trade panel.”
To mitigate the effect of raw materials inflation, the company announced “global cost-based price increases on a majority of its business” as well as the fixed cost reduction initiative. It said it is still looking for global shipments to remain flat or rise as much as 2 per cent in 2017.
For the full year, Whirlpool lowered its full-year earnings guidance by 15 cents, from its previously issued range of $12.45 to $13.45 to $12.30 to $13.30.
The Southern California wildfires are still causing chaos in celebrity- filled neighborhoods like Bel-Air and San Diego, and it seems the flames have even reached Kylie Jenner‘s million-dollar factory.
In a sad statement, the Lip Kit mogul announced this Sunday that her Kylie Cosmetics facility would be temporarily shut down to fire damages in the area. She claimed the safety of her staff was her priority, and business will resume when the natural disaster is tamed.
PHOTOS: Kylie Jenner Slams Kardashian Sisters On Video After Being Iced Out Of The Family
“Hi guys, we have been significantly impacted by the wild fires in Southern California, and had to temporarily shut down our facility to ensure the safety of our staff,” wrote Jenner, 20, on her company's Twitter.
As RadarOnline.com readers know, the flames of the fires have devastated large areas of California, and have spread everywhere from Santa Paula to Escondido. More than 8,700 firefighters from across the region are battling to cease the fires, yet as of now, over 158,000 acres have been burned.
“The impact of the fires has meant that many of our staff members have been evacuated from their homes, and have to relocate their families. Those who weren't evacuated came back in yesterday and have been working around the clock to get orders out,” she continued.
PHOTOS: Kylie Jenner Finally Comes Clean About Her Latest Lip Kit Scandal
Since the fires broke out, various A-listers have been evacuated from their homes, as well as shared their sadness over the mass destruction.
“Our team is incredible and everyone is working hard to catch up and we are doing everything we can to ship orders, while ensuring the health and safety of our team members. Orders are continuing to ship and we appreciate everyone's patience and support. We will continue to keep you updated! Xo,” concluded Kylie Jenner in her statement.
Stay with Radar for updates.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
Angul: A youth in Odisha's Angul was trampled to death by a wild tusker in Nuapada forest under Khamar Forest Range while trying to take a selfie with the animal today.
The deceased identified as Jayakrushna Nayak of Nimidibeda village under Pallahara village in the district approached the loan animal near Madhapala Temple in Nuapada village with an intent to click a selfie.
He took the tusker lightly which had strayed out from a herd and entered into the village as it looked sick and was moving at a slower pace.
However, the wild tusker attacked Jayakrushna while he was trying to click the selfie. He was rushed to the Khamar CHC by the locals immediately in a critical condition where he breathed his last while undergoing treatment.
‘Coco' is a colorful movie with a refreshing culture
Posted by Dillon MacInnis on December 11, 2017 · Leave a Comment
If you like original Pixar films that speak to audiences of all ages and backgrounds, or you'd like to indulge in some state-of-the-art computer animation, “Coco” is your best bet when you hit the cinema. Intriguing story moments, nuanced themes, pleasant musical tracks, and a truly beautiful setting keep “Coco” strong from beginning to end.
In some ways, it follows in the footsteps of Disney Animation Studios' “Moana,” by continuing a trend of telling stories that are set beyond the confines of conservative American culture. The movie follows a talented young musician named Miguel (Anthony Gonzalez) who lives in Mexico with his large multi-generational family. While his family is loving, they have tragically and dogmatically outlawed music—a doctrine that began when Miguel's great-great-grandfather abandoned his family to pursue a career as a musical artist.
“Coco” takes place at a special time of year for Mexico. Miguel's grandmother, or “abuelita” (Renee Victor), takes the liberty of explaining the “Día de los Muertos” holiday to him and the audience. Each year, commemorators place photos of deceased loved ones on an altar, travel to their burial sites and enjoy the company of their spirits, who return from the Land of the Dead to visit their living relatives. In contrast to a loud Pixar movie with prominent American sentiments (think “Cars”), “Coco” centers itself around Mexican culture's handling of grief and death.
When Miguel's abuelita catches him with a guitar in hand and destroys it before his eyes, he runs away heartbroken. In need of a replacement so he can perform in the local talent show, Miguel steals a cursed guitar from the tomb of the famous musician, Ernesto de la Cruz (Benjamin Bratt). Strumming its strings, Miguel crosses dimensions into the realm of the dead. He maintains a charismatic bravery as he encounters supernatural phenomena and animated skeletons.
The characters that Miguel meets on the other side add both conflict and fun to the story. His skeletal relatives carry the same baggage as his living ones. They bring him to the Land of the Dead, but his great-great-grandmother Mamá Imelda (Alanna Ubach) refuses to help him any further unless he swears off music forever. Without the help of his family, Miguel makes a deal with a paranoid outcast named Hectór (Gael García Bernal). Hectór's gradual development into Miguel's musical mentor comprises some of the most memorable moments of the film.
Unlike many movies written for children, “Coco”'s plot is neither too simple nor too predictable. Because of this, the audience is along for the journey rather than waiting for the characters to catch up. In addition, the story cleverly creates opportunities to see new sides of the world that has been imagined by its creators.
The themes of “Coco” are also universally appealing. While the challenge of being part of a family with strict values is central, the joy of sharing in traditions is also given a spotlight. As the movie progresses, deeper questions of trust and loss are explored. Miguel's confrontations with the truth are difficult, and viewers are forced to consider issues from various angles.
Pixar delivers on its signature guarantee by making audience members cry in their seats, as Miguel's love for so many things carries him past adversity. He is not necessarily a naturally stubborn person, but he refuses to yield to injustice, even when the source of injustice is his own family. The idea that disobedience can produce good things contradicts some of the usual lessons on how to approach authority, and this is a timely message.
“Coco”'s culture and themes are successfully captured in the music of the film. The spirit of the Mexican guitar is featured distinguishably throughout the soundtrack. Although some people call the music forgettable, the movie's reprise “Remember Me” is original and emotional.
Probably the best word to describe “Coco” is ‘colorful.' This is of course true visually. The animation of the film's Land of the Dead uses eerie night-time tones to complement the bright features of the setting and characters. But the movie earns this mantle in other ways as well. Speaking more figuratively, the culture encompassing the story is vibrantly colored with the celebrated customs and traditions of our characters. Similarly, the moral dynamics and music of the film display a number of different moods.
Beyond telling a rich story in aesthetic fashion, “Coco” opens up a dialogue about death and loss that is often avoided in contemporary conversation, showing that relationships can continue after life. Often times, it takes the customs of other cultures to suggest new ways of dealing with universal human fears and adversities. This is the value of diversity and what makes “Coco” an exciting work of art.
Dillon MacInnis can be reached dwmacinnis@umass.edu.
NEW YORK (AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 6:17 pm |
Police stand guard inside the Port Authority Bus Terminal following an explosion near Times Square on Monday. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki)
A man inspired by Islamic State extremists strapped on a crude pipe bomb, slipped unnoticed into the nation's busiest subway system and set the device off at rush hour Monday in a scenario that New York has dreaded for years, authorities said.
In the end, the only serious wounds were to the suspect himself, Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant and former cab driver, authorities said. But the attack sent terrified commuters fleeing through a smoky passageway, and three people suffered headaches and ringing ears from the first bomb blast in the subway in more than two decades.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Democratic Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. “Thank G-d the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals.”
The attack near Times Square came less than two months after eight people died near the World Trade Center in a truck attack authorities said was also inspired by the Islamic State group.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by IS but apparently did not have any direct contact with the group and probably acted alone. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said there was no evidence, so far, of other bombs or a larger plot. He said officials were exploring whether Ullah had been on authorities' radar, but there was no indication yet that he was.
Investigators described the bomb as a low-tech explosive device attached to Ullah with Velcro and plastic ties. They were looking into how it was made. Cuomo said there was reason to believe the attacker looked at bomb-making instructions online.
Investigators were searching Ullah's apartment at E. 48th St. near Marine Park in Brooklyn, as well as a home on Ocean Parkway at Newkirk Avenue, and one at East 2nd St., that may be linked to the family.
Security cameras captured the attacker walking casually through a crowded passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues when the bomb went off amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” said Elrana Peralta, a Greyhound customer-service worker who was working at the Port Authority bus terminal near the blast, though she did not hear it. Instead, she heard people yelling, “Get out! Get out! Get out!”
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from his jacket to his pants and the device strapped to his torso under his coat. They said he was reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed his hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff.
Investigators said it was not clear if he set the bomb off intentionally or prematurely.
Law enforcement officials said the suspect was speaking with investigators from the hospital bed where he was being treated for burns to his hands and abdomen. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah came to the U.S. from Bangladesh in 2011 on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security said.
He had been licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, but the license was allowed to lapse, according to law enforcement officials and NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the explosion showed the need for immigration reform, including ending what's known as “chain migration” within families. Republican President Donald Trump's administration has called for a “merit-based” immigration system that would limit family-based green cards to spouses and minor children.
“If that had been in place, that would have prevented this individual from coming to the United States,” Sanders said.
Ullah lived with his father, mother and brother in a Brooklyn neighborhood with a large Bangladeshi community, residents said. The family's red, two-story brick home is just off a shopping strip.
News of his arrest stunned Alan Butrico, who owns the house next door and a locksmith business two doors down.
“It's very weird,” Butrico said. “You never know who your neighbors are.”
The last bomb to go off in the subway system was believed to be in December 1994, when an explosive made from mayonnaise jars and batteries wounded 48 people in a car in lower Manhattan.
The Times Square subway station is the city's busiest, with 64 million riders passing through every year. The subway system as a whole carried over 1.7 billion people last year.
Monday's explosion triggered a massive emergency response both above and below ground, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.” But streets quickly began returning to normal.
“This is one of my nightmares, right: a terrorist attack in the subway system,” Cuomo, a Democrat, later told cable channel NY1.
“The good news is: We were on top of it,” he said, and “the reality was not as bad as the fear.”
The Benefits Of One-On-One Training
The Benefits Of One-On-One Training
Greg heads back up to Fitness World in Darlington for some one-on-one training that left him feeling a little sore!
The Katsina State government has announced plans to recruit 54 Medical Consultants for its hospitals across the state.
Governor Aminu Masari made the disclosure when he received the management of Federal Medical Centre, Katsina, led by the Medical Director, Suleiman Muhammad which paid him courtesy call on Saturday in Katsina.
The governor said 600 nurses and other auxiliary staff would also be recruited in the same period, adding that the exercise would enhance healthcare delivery in the state.
He also assured that the state government would continue to partner with the Federal Medical Centre to enhance the well-being of the people of the state.
Earlier, Mr. Muhammad, had told the governor that they were in his office to show their appreciation for the support the state government had been giving the centre.
He specifically commended the government for supporting the center with monthly grant of N250,000 since its inception.
He requested for the laying of asphalt on the ring-road in the centre, pointing out that paucity of funds had made it difficult for the center to complete the project.
Justin Turner's three-run home run and Yasiel Puig's double in the first has given the Dodgers a lead early in the game. A.J. Pollock's homer in the third is Arizona's only hit of the game.
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodger Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers, including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough.
Share:
LAHORE - Leading sports evaluation firm Nielsen Sports has given the HBL Pakistan Super League (PSL) a hugely positive report on the third edition of the tournament.
The event was held in February-March this year in the UAE with three games including the final played in Pakistan, said a spokesman for Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) here on Tuesday. "The combined media exposure brand value worth for HBL PSL season three (PSL, official partners and franchises) was calculated at $230+ million," he added.
According to Nielsen Sports, who conducted an extensive research on the league, the HBL PSL and its official sponsors generated 38% higher value than the previous season showing a rapid growth in the league. Peshawar Zalmi and Karachi Kings were the top two performing franchises in terms of total media value.
Social media was the media platform that showed the greatest growth, increasing the value for HBL PSL and its sponsors by almost four times. This was mainly due to more uploaded content and higher fan engagement on Face book and Twitter on the official HBL PSL platforms.
Nielsen Sports is the premier provider of analytics and insights within the sports industry, offering the most reliable source of independent and holistic market data in the sector and the most complete view of consumer trends and habits worldwide. The firm also recently delivered the first ever global market research for the International Cricket Council (ICC).
The HBL PSL team, stakeholders and franchises were presented a thorough report on the third edition of the HBL PSL by sports evaluation firm Nielsen Sports here on Tuesday. Kelvin Watt, Managing Director Africa and Middle East Nielsen Sports, who presented the report, spoke on the HBL PSL growth in the third edition.
Watt feels that the 2018 edition has further increased HBL PSL's value in and outside Pakistan. "Nielsen Sports has been associated with the HBL PSL since its inception and we are very pleased to report back to the PCB and the various franchise owners the continued growth of the HBL PSL in 2018. There is no doubt that the HBL PSL truly became a globally relevant cricket event this year and we look forward to this property growing from strength to strength in the years ahead."
Superintendent Rick Thomas said the district needs to expand Skiatook Elementary so they'll have room as young families move to town.
Thomas said the 24 projects on the list came out of dozens of meetings over what was most important for the district.
The bond proposals total $19,875,000, but the ballot is split in two parts between buildings and buses.
Skiatook Public Schools hopes voters will approve a new bond issue to repair and replace several buildings, and buy new buses.
The vote is next Tuesday.
The bond issue would cover both buses and buildings. According to the district, the $19.8 million would meet those needs for the next five years.
Superintendent Rick Thomas said the district needs to expand Skiatook Elementary so they'll have room as young families move to town.
“In a school district, you don't want to get behind the eight ball on growth and not have a place to put them,” he said.
Thomas said the 24 projects on the list came out of dozens of meetings over what was most important for the district.
He's given dozens of talks to explain what's on the ballot.
The most urgent project would be a new roof for Marrs Elementary and the High School.
The most expensive project is a new fieldhouse by the stadium, replacing one of the oldest buildings in the district.
The elementary expansion is the next most expensive, adding 14 new classrooms and creating a second and third grade center.
The bond proposals total $19,875,000, but the ballot is split in two parts between buildings and buses.
The money would come from property taxes but the rate would not change.
Thomas said, "I think the community has gotten behind the school and wants good things for our kids, so they usually support bond issues."
The projects are all what the district considers basic needs - things like repairs to parking lots and lighting, and replacing the oldest buses in the fleet.
The district would build out the around the stadium, for the first time adding bathrooms for visiting teams.
The bond does include material for classrooms - books and technology and furniture - things needed in the classrooms they have and the classrooms they're planning to build.
(China Daily)
Updated: 2017-08-13 19:56
By persistently maintaining the standoff between its troops trespassing in China's territory and the Chinese troops stationed there, what does India want, a war with China or something else?
By calling on India to withdraw its troops and warning it time and again about the serious consequences it will face, China has given it an inch but India wants to take a mile, not only by turning a deaf ear to the repeated warnings but also by increasing its military presence along that section of the delimited border.
The Press Trust of India quoted an unnamed government official as saying that the “caution level” among the troops has also been raised. It is hard to escape the conclusion that it is making preparations for a military clash with China.
In another development, the Indian government announced on Wednesday that it will impose anti-dumping duties on 93 products imported from China, which can only be regarded as another provocation by India.
China does not want a war with India; it does not want conflict of any kind with its neighbor. That explains why China has employed the utmost restraint by repeatedly asking India to withdraw its troops and warning it about the serious consequences should a military conflict take place.
It is wrong and stupid of India to consider China's restraint as a sign of weakness and taking it for granted. By doing so, India is walking further down a dangerous path, which will take it anywhere but a destination with both diplomatic and substantial gains.
India should come to its senses and understand that there is a limit to China's restraint. It would be a grave miscalculation to expect China to give in and make concessions at the expense of its sovereignty and territorial integrity.
India will only shoot itself in the foot if it persists with its stubborn refusal to pull its troops out of Chinese territory, and it will only shame itself by coercing China to take whatever action is necessary to drive the trespassing troops out of Chinese territory.
India should pull its troops out before it is too late.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Republican Gov. Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Eric Greitens' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office, but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers.
Eric Greitens' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office, but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers.
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, left, talks to Lt. Gov. Mike Parson during the Governor's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia, Mo. Greitens abruptly announced his r...
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, left, talks to Lt. Gov. Mike Parson during the Governor's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia, Mo. Greitens abruptly announced his r...
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) - A lawsuit claims Iowa's new voter identification law violates the state constitution.
Priorities USA Foundation says the lawsuit was filed Wednesday in Polk County District Court in Des Moines. The national group, which is covering legal costs, provided a copy of the lawsuit.
It's the first legal challenge against the new ID requirement and its provisions. Parts of the law will be in effect for Iowa's upcoming June 5 primary, though a requirement to show ID to cast a regular ballot won't be in place until 2019.
The lawsuit's plaintiffs are the League of United Latin American Citizens of Iowa and an Iowa State University student.
Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate is named as a defendant in the suit. His office did not respond to a request for comment.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Sarah N. Lynch and Ross Colvin
| ALEXANDRIA, Va.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. A man who had posted angry messages against President Donald Trump and other Republicans on social media opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game on Wednesday, wounding a senior U.S. House member and three other people.The gunman, a 66-year-old Illinois man, fired repeatedly at the men playing on a baseball field in suburban Alexandria, Virginia near Washington. D.C. He was wounded in a gunfight with Capitol Hill police who were at the scene, and police said he later died.Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, was shot in the hip. He was tended to by fellow lawmakers including Brad Wenstrup, a congressman who is a physician, before being transported to a hospital, where he was listed in critical condition.Also wounded were one current congressional aide and one former aide who now works as a lobbyist, officials said. One Capitol Hill police officer also suffered a gunshot wound and another officer twisted an ankle, an official said.While police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation said it was too early to determine whether it was a deliberate political attack, the shooting intensified concerns among some politicians and the public about the sharp divide and bitter rhetoric in U.S. politics.It also quickly revived a bitter debate about gun rights in America. The gunman was identified by a senior U.S. official as James Hodgkinson from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois. He had worked as a home inspector.Hodgkinson had raged against Trump on social media and was a member of anti-Republican groups on Facebook including "The Road to Hell Is Paved With Republicans," "Terminate The Republican Party," and "Donald Trump is not my President," a search of his Facebook profile showed.Trump announced the gunman's death and called Scalise, a 51-year-old Louisiana congressman, a good friend. Speaking at the White House, Trump said Scalise was "badly injured" but in stable condition and would recover. "He's a patriot and he's a fighter. He will recover from this assault," Trump said.CALLS FOR UNITY
Trump, who has been in office since January, also called for unity. "We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good," he said.In a show of bipartisan unity, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan said on the floor of the House, "An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us." The House's top Democrat Nancy Pelosi echoed Ryan's message.The shooting happened shortly after 7 a.m., while lawmakers were practicing their hitting and fielding a day before the annual charity congressional baseball game pitting Republicans against Democrats. There were 20 House members and two senators present, and the shooting lasted about 10 minutes, said Representative Joe Barton of Texas, the Republican team's manager.The charity game will go ahead as scheduled at Nationals Park, home of the Washington Nationals Major League baseball team.Two lawmakers who were at the scene, Representatives Ron DeSantis and Jeff Duncan, indicated there might have been a political motive in the attack.
Duncan said that as he left the field the man who would later open fire approached him in the parking lot. "He asked me who was practicing this morning, Republicans or Democrats, and I said. 'That's the Republicans practicing'," Duncan told reporters. DeSantis gave a similar account.Senator Bernie Sanders, an independent who sought the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, said he had been told that Hodgkinson had served as a volunteer with his campaign."Let me be as clear as I can be: violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms," Sanders said.Ryan, the House speaker, is reviewing rules on how rank-and-file lawmakers can increase their personal security, including questions about paying for additional protection through member accounts and campaign funds, according to several lawmakers."Members get threats on a regular basis and have trouble determining which are real," House Democratic whip Steny Hoyer told reporters.Representative James Clyburn, a Democrat, rejected the idea that the shooting was motivated by partisan politics. "I'm not a Republican and I've had all kinds of threats against me and my family. It's got nothing to do with partisan politics."
'HEROISM' OF POLICE
The shooting took place at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in the Del Ray neighbourhood of Alexandria, across the Potomac River from Washington. Representative Mo Brooks told CNN that during batting practice he heard a "bam" and then a quick succession of shots and saw the gunman shooting through the holes in a chain link fence.When Scalise was shot he went down on the infield between first and second base, then dragged himself into the grassy outfield as the incident unfolded, leaving a trail of blood, Brooks said.Two Capitol police officers who were at the scene to provide security for the lawmakers engaged the gunman with pistols, Brooks said."But for the Capitol police and the heroism they showed, it could very well have been a large-scale massacre. All we would have had would have been baseball bats versus a rifle. Those aren't good odds," Brooks said.Brooks estimated that there were 50 to 100 shots fired.At a news conference near the scene of the shooting, Virginia's Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, urged gun control measures. "This is not what today is about, but there are too many guns on the street," McAuliffe said, citing a statistic that 93 Americans are killed with guns daily.Wednesday's attack was the first shooting of a member of the U.S. Congress since January 2011, when Democratic Representative Gabby Giffords was seriously wounded in an assassination attempt at a gathering of her constituents in Tucson, Arizona.She survived, but six people were killed. Giffords resigned from Congress and became an activist for gun restrictions.Scalise has been a strong opponent of gun control measures and has earned an "A+" rating from the National Rifle Association, the influential lobby for expanding gun ownership rights. He has co-sponsored legislation to weaken gun control laws in the District of Columbia. (Additional reporting by Susan Cornwell, David Morgan, Richard Cowan, Patricia Zengerle, Julia Edwards Ainsley, Doina Chiacu and Susan Heavey in Washington and Gina Cherelus in New York; Writing by Will Dunham, Grant McCool; Editing by Frances Kerry, Toni Reinhold)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
PYONGYANG: Less than two days after the assassination of the half-brother of North Korea's leader, small girls in frilly pastel leotards opened an ice skating gala in Pyongyang to honour the late father of both men.
The Paektusan Prize International Figure Skating Festival is held every year to celebrate Kim Jong-Il, the leader who oversaw the North's first nuclear tests.
His children - by different women - included both Kim Jong-Un, who inherited power from him five years ago, and Kim Jong-Nam, older by several years, who fell from grace after a bizarre attempt in 2001 to enter Japan on a false passport to try to visit Disneyland.
In exile Jong-Nam voiced occasional criticism of the regime. He was murdered at Kuala Lumpur's international airport on Monday, apparently by two poison-wielding female agents.
With no announcement of the death by the North's official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA), the vast majority of Wednesday's audience at the ice rink in Pyongyang would have been oblivious of the killing.
But for anyone who was aware, some elements of the programme could have appeared darkly ironic: One early number was set to Pink Floyd's Hey You, lyrics: "Hey you, out there in the cold, getting lonely, getting old."
In another, a skater performed a pistol-shot gesture to James Bond-like theme music.
“Let us safeguard with our lives the Central Committee of the Party headed by the respected Supreme Leader Comrade Kim Jong-Un,” read a white-on-red banner dangling over the ice.
“Let us uphold great leader Kim Jong-Il as the eternal sun,” proclaimed another.
Others read: 'Peace', 'Independence' and 'Friendship'.
"SHINING STAR"
North Korea marks Kim Jong-Il's Feb 16 birthday as the “Day of the Shining Star”, although accounts differ as to where and when he was born.
Officially, he came into the world on the slopes of Mount Paektu, the spiritual birthplace of the Korean nation, in 1942 - which would make Thursday the 75th anniversary of the event. But according to independent historians he was actually born a year earlier and in the Soviet Union, where his father Kim Il-Sung enjoyed the backing of Moscow.
Kim Il-Sung would go on to found the Democratic People's Republic of Korea – the North's official name – and the Kim dynasty in 1948.
Events scheduled for the occasion include a synchronised swimming show and a firework display. Above the ice rink hung portraits of Kim Jong-Il and his father, smiling benevolently.
Serried ranks of around 3,000 government officials in dark uniforms packed the arena, with other sections filled by women wearing colourful hanbok, traditional Korean dresses.
The perfomers included double Olympic gold medallist and triple world champion Evgeni Plushenko of Russia, and Brian Joubert of France, who won the world championship men's singles gold in Tokyo in 2007.
“I just tried to give 100 per cent on the ice,” Joubert told AFP.
Unlike most European Union members, France does not maintain diplomatic relations with North Korea, which is subject to United Nations Security Council sanctions over its nuclear and missile programmes – which Pyongyang says are defensive in nature.
“I'm very curious. I hear a lot of things but I wanted to form my own opinion, I wanted to discover,” Joubert said about his participation in the event. “I'm just doing my job. I don't even try to find out who it's for, I do it for the people who come to see the gala, so that they are happy.”
DUBAI: The Gulf emirate of Dubai on Monday announced plans to build the largest marina in the Middle East and North Africa with 1,400 berths.
The "Dubai Harbour" will also feature a cruise ship port and a terminal that can accommodate 6,000 passengers at a time, a government statement said.
Home to Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest tower, Dubai said the new project will include a 135-metre lighthouse featuring a hotel and observation deck.
The marina will expand Dubai's yacht capacity by around 50 per cent from its current 3,000 berths, the statement said. The project will be located off the upmarket Dubai Marina neighbourhood and next to the man-made Palm Island.
Traditionally a sleepy fishing town, Dubai has evolved into a regional business hub and an attractive tourism destination, thanks to huge investments in luxurious resorts and shopping malls.
Dubai attracted 14 million tourists in 2015.
NEW YORK — A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State group went off Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and snarling the rush-hour commute for hundreds of thousands of New York workers.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passageway when the bomb suddenly went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters fleeing in terror. Investigators said it was not clear if the bomb was set off intentionally or went off prematurely.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals.”
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to his hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said he lives in Brooklyn and came to the U.S. from Bangladesh about seven years ago on a visa. They said he was speaking with investigators from his hospital bed.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah came to the U.S. on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens or permanent residents, and that he made the bomb in his Brooklyn apartment. They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Investigators were searching his apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show his movements in the moments before the attack.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.”
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind his back. Another photo shown on cable channel NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” she said. “We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!”'
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said he watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
“Let's go back to work,” he said. “”We're not going to allow them to disrupt us.“
———
Associated Press Writers Jake Pearson and Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
Zinedine Zidane insists James Rodriguez has nothing to prove to him when the Colombian faces Real Madrid with Bayern Munich in their Champions League semi-final, first leg, on Wednesday.
James has shone at Bayern since Zidane let him leave Real on a two-year loan deal last July at the end of three often difficult seasons in Madrid.
The Colombian attacking midfielder has rediscovered his best form while playing regularly again and has the chance in Munich to show Real and Zidane what they are missing.
“James loves to play football, so of course he'll want to play well, but not to show me or prove me wrong,” said Real coach Zidane.
“I didn't want James to leave. He wanted more game time, which I can understand.
“I never had any problem with him, he just wanted to play.”
Madrid paid Monaco 75 million euros ($91.7m) for James after he finished top scorer at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil and he made an impressive start in his first season.
However, Zidane's appointment as Madrid coach in January 2016 set him back as the Frenchman gave him limited opportunities and often left him on the bench.
“The only reason he went was that he wanted to play more football,” said Zidane.
“I never had a problem with James, that was just something you journalists said.
“It's the same problem every year, there are good players who have to sit on the bench and that's sad.”
Real trail Barcelona by 15 points in La Liga and so the Champions League, which they have won in the last two seasons, is the last silverware available to them.
– ‘150 percent ready' –
Zidane said Real are relishing the challenge against Bayern as they return to the Allianz Arena, scene of a 2-1 win in the first leg of the quarter-finals last season.
They also handed Bayern a record 4-0 home defeat in the 2014 semi-finals.
“We can't shit our pants before a game like this, you have to enjoy it,” said Zidane with a grin.
“The players like matches like this, even if we know we will have to suffer to get a win here.
“This is a team which has been fighting at this level for a long time, it's in the DNA of this club.
“We'll be at 150 percent, I don't have any doubt about that.”
Real's goal-machine Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals over both legs in last season's quarter-finals when Real beat Bayern 6-3 on aggregate.
The Germans finished both legs with 10 men.
Javi Martinez was sent off in Real's 2-1 win in Munich and Arturo Vidal also had two bookings when Bayern lost 4-2 after extra time in Madrid.
However, Real's Germany midfielder Toni Kroos, who won the 2013 Champions League title with Bayern, says the Bavarians are better than they were 12 months ago.
Under head coach Jupp Heynckes, who also steered them to the 2013 treble, Bayern wrapped up the Bundesliga title three weeks ago and are into the German Cup final.
“They won the (Bundesliga) title very early, but haven't let up,” said Kroos.
“They are very hungry. Their shape is better than last year, they are in top form and playing more like a team under Heynckes, but we are here to change that.
“This is our last chance to win a title. We are highly motivated, as we have been the whole season long in the Champions League.
“We haven't taken the easiest route this year with PSG (Paris Saint-Germain), Juventus and now Bayern, but we are on the verge of the final.”
TOKYO: At the stroke of 1pm, a group of Tokyo IT workers spring from their desks for a few minutes of rigorous bending, stretching and thrusting as a voice on the radio instructs them - "ichi, ni, san (one, two, three)".
The suited staff are taking part in a regular calisthenics drill implemented by Adoc International, while over at electrical equipment firm Fujikura, the staff can be seen dangling from multi-coloured monkey bars.
A growing number of Japanese companies are encouraging exercise breaks, in the hope of keeping employees limber - and productive - for longer, as the nation contends with a shrinking labour pool and one of the world's fastest ageing populations.
"Japan's population is quickly getting older and there are fewer and fewer kids - this is very big risk for companies," said Kenichiro Asano, who works in Fujikura's healthcare strategy group.
With almost zero formal immigration, companies need to keep staff fit in the hope they'll work past the usual retirement age.
Advertisement
Advertisement
With almost zero formal immigration in Japan, companies need to keep staff fit in the hope they will work past the usual retirement age. (AFP/TORU YAMANAKA)
"Keeping workers in shape is an important corporate strategy," said Asano, adding that "good health means a sound society and a sound company."
The government wants to keep citizens healthy as the growing number of retirees with medical problems strains the public purse.
STAY ACTIVE
Adoc International's staff practice "rajio taiso", a stretching routine that is often learned in schools and dates back to the 1920s.
"We chose rajio taiso because it was the simplest exercise to put in place," said Clifton Lay, who works in Adoc International's human resources department.
"Most Japanese and people who grew up here already know it and have no trouble with the movements," he added.
Instructions for the three-minute exercise are also played daily on public broadcaster NHK, with different sets tailored for building strength or for the elderly and disabled.
Automaker Toyota has its own in-house version, while Sony employees - ranging from blue collar assemblers to top executives - are supposed to join in a group stretch at 3pm daily, although it's not mandatory.
At e-commerce giant Rakuten, about 12,000 movable desks were installed when it moved its head office. Workers can switch between standing and sitting throughout the day.
"I get tired easily when I'm sitting too long so it's nice to be able to stand up from time to time," said 35-year-old Rakuten engineer Liu Xiaolu.
Japanese electrical equipment firm Fujikura has installed monkey bars for employees to exercise on. A growing number of Japanese companies are encouraging exercise breaks, in the hope of keeping employees limber - and productive - for longer. (AFP/KAZUHIRO NOGI)
More companies need to adopt a health-focused mindset, said Koichiro Oka, a professor of health behaviour science at Waseda University in Tokyo.
"If you think it is all right not to move much on weekdays because you're exercising on weekends, you'd be wrong," he said.
"A lack of exercise during the week can lead to heart disease, diabetes and other health problems," he explained.
The rajio taiso routine is considered by many as a Japanese tradition, although the idea was actually borrowed from a similar programme sponsored by an insurance company in the United States.
It spread quickly throughout Japan, as workplaces, schools and local communities got into the routine.
The daily radio broadcast was temporarily banned by the Allied occupiers following Japan's defeat in World War II because it was seen as being too militaristic. But it was reintroduced in 1951.
Today, as many as 28 million Japanese are believed to take part daily.
"Doing these exercises in the morning when you arrive at work or just after lunch - when your head is not completely into working - let's you get ready and say 'OK let's do the job,'" said Adoc's Lay.
A Chilean man who was sexually abused by a priest as a boy will urge Pope Francis to sack "toxic" bishops who covered up the assaults, he said on Tuesday ahead of a face-to-face meeting with the leader of the Catholic Church.
VATICAN CITY: A Chilean man who was sexually abused by a priest as a boy will urge Pope Francis to sack "toxic" bishops who covered up the assaults, he said on Tuesday ahead of a face-to-face meeting with the leader of the Catholic Church.
Juan Carlos Cruz, who has become a symbol of the Church's abuse crisis, will spend several days in the Vatican as a guest of the pope in the residence where he lives. Strong papal action in Chile would send a long-overdue message to the entire Church, he told Reuters in an interview.
"I would say 'hold these bishops accountable, fire a few of them, if not many of them, but fire them and not give them a cushy job here at the Vatican,'" Cruz said.
"Like in a company (I would say) 'you need to be preparing your resumé'. That's what I would say to these bishops."
Cruz and two other victims, Jimmy Hamilton and Jose Andres Murillo, are each due to spend several hours with the pope on a visit that follows an extraordinary April 11 letter in which Francis acknowledged he had made "grave mistakes" in handling the sexual abuse crisis in Chile.
In that letter, Francis said there had been a "lack of truthful and balanced information" about the situation in Chile. He invited the victims whose words he had once dismissed as "slander" to the Vatican to seek their forgiveness and ordered all of Chile's bishops to a summit with him next month.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I hope the Holy Father realises that he is surrounded by some toxic people who need to leave ...," Cruz said, adding that some Chilean bishops were "guilty of misinforming the pope".
Cruz, who now lives in the United States, was a victim of the Rev. Fernando Karadima who was found guilty in a Vatican investigation in 2011 of abusing boys in Santiago in the 1970s and 1980s.
Cruz and other victims have accused Bishop Juan Barros of the diocese of Osorno of having witnessed the abuse by Karadima, who was Barros' mentor in Santiago.
Karadima, now 87 and still living in Chile, has always denied the allegations and Barros said he was unaware of any wrongdoing.
But Barros and other bishops were put under the spotlight in January when the pope sent one of the Vatican's most experienced sexual abuse investigators, Archbishop Charles Scicluna of Malta, to New York and Chile to talk to victims and bishops.
Scicluna produced a 2,300 report, which prompted the pope to call next month's meeting.
Cruz said he hoped the pope would take decisive action in order to "send a message to the world that Chile is an example of what's going to happen all over if this culture of abuse and cover up continues".
He said he was confident that some good would come out of his meeting with the pope. Francis is due to have extended meetings with each of the three men individually over the weekend and then together on Monday.
"I told him, 'Holy father, I do not want to be used as a PR exercise ...,'" he said. "Good or beautiful words or tears will not cut it. There has to be concrete action taken. There's no more time left."
(Reporting by Philip Pullella; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
ATHENS: A wildfire was raging on Monday (Aug 14) on the coastal front of Athens, officials said, with summer homes under threat and a local village evacuated.
The fire in Kalamos, about 45 kilometres east of the Greek capital, was burning across a wide front for a second day and had already burned a number of homes.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
A force of more than 200 firefighters with over 100 fire engines, water trucks and a handful of aircraft had been mobilised, the fire department said.
"It's a strong fire in an area full of summer homes," civil protection official Ioanna Tsoupra told ERT television.
The local municipality of Oropos had earlier urged residents to evacuate for their safety, and a monastery was also emptied.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The fire service said they were battling two additional blazes on Monday, one near Thessaloniki, the country's second-largest city, and another in the southern Peloponnese peninsula.
"The fire near Thessaloniki is almost under control but we are worried about the new fire in the Peloponnese, around Amaliada, because it's very close to a village of 150 inhabitants," a spokesman told AFP.
Overall, 91 fires had broken out in Greece since Sunday, the fire department said, though most were quickly brought under control.
The other flashpoint is the tourist island of Zakynthos in the Ionian Sea, where emergency crews have struggled to put out a wave of fires since last week, and officials suggest arson is at play.
"Such a situation is unheard of," regional fire chief Vassilis Matteopoulos told ERT. "We had 22 fires on Zakynthos just in the last 24 hours."
Greece is routinely hit by wildfires at this time of year, fanned by strong winds and high temperatures, and authorities have warned that the risk remains high.
The worst recent major blazes, in the Peloponnese and on the island of Evia in 2007, left 77 people dead and ravaged 250,000 hectares.
MOSCOW: Friday's World Cup quarter-final against Brazil in Kazan is a defining game for Belgium's talented generation of players but don't call them 'golden', said defender Vincent Kompany on Wednesday.
"The term 'golden generation' is obviously one the players didn't come up with and it's not something we pay too much importance to," he told a news conference at Belgium's training base outside Moscow.
Advertisement
"The fact that the game against Brazil is defining for our generation is for sure, though. It's not like we've been failing up to now but there is a level above, which we need to achieve, which can be done by a game like the one we are playing against Brazil.
"So, it's a defining game, but not just for us, it's a defining game for Brazil as well. The players that they have … both teams deserve to be facing each other a little further in, in this tournament and not in the quarter-final."
For years, much has been expected of a crop of players, which Kompany previously captained, including Kevin De Bruyne, Eden Hazard, Thibault Courtois and Dries Mertens but Belgium have so far not delivered on their promise, going out in the quarter-finals of the 2014 World Cup and at the European Championships in France two years ago.
But Kompany said they were mentally tougher, mostly because squad members had been winning at club level around Europe.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"It used to be in Belgian culture, and I think everyone would agree with me, we would feel defeated even before a game like this but all these players in our team, who play at clubs around the world, now believe 100 percent we can beat Brazil. Whether that's realistic I don't know, Brazil is an incredible team but there is not one day I go to bed thinking 'what if we lose'?"
Asked what he would do if Neymar repeated his much-criticised theatrics from Monday's Round of 16 win over Mexico, where he rolled around in apparent agony on the field after clashes with the opposition, Kompany said: "I don't know. I don't care. If it's going to be a game of individual performances and just that, then let me tell you right now we have no chance against Brazil.
"But if it's going to be a collective performance from a smart team that knows how to play together and fight for each other, then we have a chance and that's the only thing I care about.
"Whatever any player on the other team does will not matter much," added polyglot Kompany, who answered questions in four different languages during his half-hour press conference.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Nizhny Novgorod; Editing by Neil Robinson)
MANILA: At least 26 people were killed and 21 injured when a passenger bus crashed into a deep ravine in the mountainous northern Philippines on Tuesday (Apr 18), authorities said.
The bus plunged about 24 metres (80 feet) in the upland province of Nueva Ecija before noon after its brakes failed while travelling on a winding road, police and local officials said.
"The vehicle is totally wrecked," said senior inspector Robert De Guzman, police chief of the town of Carranglan where the accident occurred. The impact appeared to have ripped the top off the vehicle, he added.
"Almost all of the passengers, both dead and injured, were found outside the bus."
Authorities were still investigating the cause of the accident but Carranglan Mayor Mary Abad told ABS-CBN television there were 60 passengers onboard although the bus had a capacity of only 45.
Abad added the wounded, some of whom sustained critical injuries, were rushed to nearby hospitals.
"The road is really risky. There are many ravines along that road going to Abra," Abad said, referring to the northern province where the bus was headed.
Dr Arlene Jara, chief of the nearby provincial hospital treating the wounded, said children were among those injured.
President Rodrigo Duterte's spokesman Ernesto Abella expressed condolences to the families of the victims and said those responsible would be held accountable.
Road accidents are common in the Philippines, where old, badly maintained buses often drive on poorly lit roads.
The global oil industry should ramp up investment to ensure it can cope with future consumption growth and avoid supply shortages, OPEC Secretary-General Mohammad Barkindo told a conference in Baku.
The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producers led by Russia last year began withholding 1.8 million barrels per day of supplies to tighten the market and prop up prices that in 2016 fell to their lowest in more than a decade at less than $30 a barrel.
Both Russia and the OPEC leader, Saudi Arabia, have spoken about the need for a gradual increase in oil production as the goal of removing excessive oil stockpiles has now been achieved and the market has broadly been balanced.
“The next critical phase before of us in the whole process is to sustain this accomplishment of market rebalancing and gradual recovery in investments and the return of confidence in our industry,” Barkindo said.
“One of the greatest and most prescient challenges before us is ensuring that there will be adequate levels of investment in a predictable fashion.”
Barkindo said the pace of investment has picked up this year but there were not enough robust investments in long-cycle projects that are “the base load of future supply and the foundation of this industry's future.”
He added that the required oil sector investment in the period to 2040 is estimated at about $10.5 trillion to meet future oil demand expected to surpass 111 million bpd.
“Every effort should be made to avoid a potential supply gap,” he added.
COLLEAGUES at the Philippine National Police (PNP) are organizing various fundraising activities like run for a cause and concerts to help secure cash that will take care of the medication of PO2 Brian Guillen.
Guillen collapsed before reaching the finish line of the IronMan 70.3 Philippines competition on August 6 and has remained at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of a private hospital since.
He was found to have suffered from heat stroke which resulted in impaired awareness.
ADVERTISEMENT
Police Senior Superintendent Rommel Cabagnot, head of the Lapu-Lapu City Police Office, said they are organizing a five-kilometer run on Saturday for Guillen.
Cabagnot said that proceeds from the P150 joining fee will all be spent on Guillen's hospitalization.
“Nagka daku man iyang bayranan sa ospital mao nga ni initiate ta ug fundraising activities. (His (Guillen's) hospital bills continue to balloon that is why we are organizing fundraising activities (to help him)),” Cabagnot said.
The run will start at the Hoops Dome in Barangay Gun-ob and will proceed to Punta Rizal in Barangay Poblacion, right to the Maximo Patalinghug Avenue and back to the Hoops Dome.
Cabagnot is urging policemen, city residents and the friends of PO2 Guillen, who was a runner for the relay team of Tribu Lapu-Lapu, to support their cause.
Colleges in Cebu City are also planning to organize a concert to also raise funds for Guillen.
Earlier, Cabagnot said, they already raised around P60,000 from donations given by other LLCPO policemen, but the cash was not enough to foot Guillen's hospital bills which reached P300,000 as of Wednesday.
Lapu-Lapu City Mayor Paz Radaza said she also gave her a personal donation for Guillen while Sunrise Events Inc. (SEI), the organizer of the Cobra IronMan, also handed their share of cash aid.
SEI General Manager Princess Galura said they took care of Guillen's transport to a hospital and also paid for the emergency room charges.
“That is our coverage. Once the patient is stable, all further treatment will be for the account of the patient,” Galura said.
“He was severely dehydrated despite all of the hydration provided during the race. Hope he will recover soon.”
Galura added that the team's medical director Dr. Peter Mancao was tasked to check on Guillen regularly.
According to Cebu Ultrarunners Club (CUC) president Tony Galon, Guillen is slowly recovering.
In a text message from Guillen's wife sent to Galon, she said the policeman/triathlete is showing positive results in his laboratory tests.
Harare: Pakistan knocked Zimbabwe out of the Twenty20 tri-series in Harare in a closely-fought encounter on Wednesday, beating the hosts by seven wickets with five deliveries to spare.
Captain Sarfraz Ahmed saw his side home with an unbeaten 38, meaning that Zimbabwean all-rounder Solomon Mire's efforts earlier in the game went in vain.
Mire struck 94, the highest score by a Zimbabwean in a Twenty20 International, but Zimbabwe's 162 for 4 was not enough to overcome the world's top-ranked T20I side.
Pakistan's chase was given a rapid start by the openers.
Haris Sohail and Fakhar Zaman took 56 from the Powerplay, but Sohail holed out soon afterwards.
When Zaman skied Mire to depart for 47, Pakistan needed more than eight runs an over from the last eight overs, but Ahmed's innings of calm precision kept them up with the asking rate.
Executing his attacking strokes perfectly, Ahmed found the gaps and the boundaries whenever they were needed.
He displayed a particularly deft touch with his late cut, taking boundaries off left-arm spinners Tendai Chisoro and Wellington Masakadza with the stroke.
With four runs needed from the final over, it was also the shot he used to end the game, gliding seamer Chris Mpofu to the third man boundary.
Pakistan will face Australia to decide the series' winner on Sunday.
Japanese airline ANA Holdings Inc said it will cancel 113 domestic flights between July 6 through July 12 to inspect Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc engines for compressor issues that have led to service interruptions for airlines globally.
TOKYO: Japanese airline ANA Holdings Inc said it will cancel 113 domestic flights between July 6 through July 12 to inspect Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc engines for compressor issues that have led to service interruptions for airlines globally.
The affected Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines are used on ANA's Boeing Co 787 Dreamliner jets, the Japanese airline told reporters on Wednesday.
Advertisement
A compressor problem in the Trent 1000 package C engine has already led to planes being grounded by airlines such as British Airways, Virgin Atlantic and Air New Zealand . In June, Rolls-Royce said it had found the same issue on a "small number of high life Package B engines".
ANA has been conducting inspections on Trent 1000 package C engines under instruction from Japan's transport ministry, with an expansion of inspections to include package B engines leading to the flight cancellations, the airline said.
In total 136 engines are affected, said ANA, the world's biggest 787 operators by fleet size.
Progress on a fix for the affected engines has been hampered by a global shortage of replacement parts, the airline said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Maki Shiraki and Sam Nussey; Editing by Jamie Freed and Himani Sarkar)
WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump on Wednesday said he expects major drug companies to slash prices on their products in two weeks, but did not provide details on which companies would do so or the means by which they would provide such reductions.
"You're going to have some big news. I think we're going to have some of the big drug companies in two weeks said they're going to announce, because of what we did, they're going to announce voluntary massive drops in prices," Trump said at a signing ceremony for a new law making it easier for seriously ill people to try experimental treatments.
Advertisement
A Health and Human Services Department (HHS) spokeswoman said the agency had nothing else to share on Trump's comments because it didn't want to get ahead of any announcements.
Earlier this month, Trump unveiled the administration's plan to lower prescription drug prices, largely through regulatory authority, calling it "the most sweeping action in history" to reduce the cost of medicines for consumers.
But healthcare stocks rose as it became clear his administration avoided aggressive direct measures to cut prices.
HHS has yet to issue any new regulations or pilot programs to lower drug prices based on the new plan.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The NYSE Arca Pharmaceutical Index , comprised of major drugmakers, fell about a quarter of a percent just after Trump's comments on Wednesday. But it steadily recovered and was up 1.7 percent, close to the high for the day and up more than the broader S&P 500 Index.
It is exceedingly rare for drug companies to lower prices prior to facing competition from cheap generics.
Amid increased public and Congressional criticism over high drug prices, some companies pledged to voluntarily limit annual price increases to less than 10 percent. Previously, many drugmakers typically raised prices on prescription medicines twice a year, adding up to well over 10 percent.
As public pressure mounted, drug companies have blamed middlemen, including pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) and health insurers, for not passing discounts and rebates they demand off high list prices to consumers.
PBMs and insurers have said they are part of the solution for lowering costs and blame pricing on drugmakers.
Trump campaigned on lowering drug prices and has said that pharmaceutical companies were "getting away with murder," but has since backed off that rhetoric.
PhRMA and BIO, the major lobby groups for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Trump's statement.
(Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb and Steve Holland; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Bill Berkrot)
Mapping startup Mapbox Inc said on Wednesday it is teaming up with Microsoft Corp, Intel Corp and Softbank Group Corp's ARM Holdings chip unit to deepen its push into providing maps for self-driving cars.
Mapbox does not make a mapping app itself. It instead competes against Alphabet Inc's Google Maps and HERE Technologies, the map firm owned by a group of companies, to provide the underlying maps inside of other apps. Mapbox maps are found in Snap Inc's messaging app and the Instacart grocery delivery app.
But the Washington, D.C.-founded startup, which has raised about $228 million from Softbank's Vision Fund, DFJ Growth and others, has been pushing into providing tools for software developers who are making the software for self-driving cars.
"Our main focus has been in making maps for humans," Chief Executive Officer Eric Gundersen told Reuters in an interview. But maps for self-driving cars are read by the cars' computers and need more detailed data, he said.
At an event it held for software developers in San Francisco on Wednesday, Mapbox announced a handful of partnerships designed to make its technology more useful for self-driving cars.
One of Mapbox's products is software that lets either a mobile phone or a car's computer see the road as the car drives, picking out things like lanes or speed-limit signs. The company said it will weave that software together with an offering from Microsoft.
The combination will let drivers in the car see real-time events like speed limit changes but then split off some of the camera data and send it to Microsoft's cloud computer service, Azure. Once there, the data can be processed later by powerful servers to help improve the algorithms that help self-driving cars navigate.
Separately, Mapbox is also working with chipmaker ARM to optimize its self-driving vision software so features detected by ARM's chips can be recognized as lanes, pedestrians and road signs even faster. In one form or another, ARM's chips power the majority of mobile phones, tablets and other mobile computers that are making their way into cars.
Mapbox is also pairing with Intel's Mobileye self-driving unit, which the chipmaker purchased last year for $15.3 billion.
Mobileye is building its own detailed database of road features that is stored in the cloud. Mapbox has built software that will live in cars to beam down Mobileye's data without hogging up mobile data bandwidth. Cars that use the system will get a constant map ahead of about 200 meters (660 ft), providing a key backup to the car's onboard sensors, the companies said.
REUTERS: Diego Costa has accused Chelsea of treating him like a "criminal" in a forthright newspaper interview which will deepen the breach with the Premier League club.
The striker is seeking a move back to Spain in the transfer window and has not played for Chelsea since the FA Cup final in May, following which he claims manager Antonio Conte sent him a text, telling him he was not in his plans for the new season.
Costa was interviewed at home in Brazil on the same day Chelsea lost their opening Premier League game to Burnley, and said he was refusing the club's demand to return to play with the reserves.
"They want me to be there training with the reserves. I wouldn't be allowed access to the first-team dressing room and I would have no contact at all with the guys," he told the Daily Mail.
"I'm not a criminal! I don't think it is fair after all I have done to be treated like that."
The Brazilian-born Spain international, who joined Chelsea from Atletico Madrid in 2014, said if the club did not allow him to move before the transfer window he was prepared to see out his contract unpaid in Brazil.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me. I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say.
"I want the deal with Atletico resolved this month. My idea would be to go to Madrid, train there, get in the best physical shape and be ready to fire ahead of the World Cup."
The situation is complicated by the fact that Atletico are currently banned from signing players in this window although a loan deal would be possible.
Costa's relationship with Conte appears to have broken down although the Brazilian accepts the Italian "is a good coach".
Last week Conte said there was "no news" on the Costa situation but earlier this summer said the "situation is closed."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
REUTERS: Officials at Travis Air Force Base in California have advised people there to "shelter in place" during a "real world security incident," according to official social media posts issued on Wednesday afternoon.
"Travis Air Force Base is currently responding to a real world security incident," a post on the base's Facebook page said. "More details will be released as they become available. The public is being asked to stay away from the base to ensure emergency responders can respond accordingly."
The air base is near Fairfield, about 50 miles northeast of San Francisco.
The base's official Twitter account advised people there to lock their doors and windows and await further information.
The information was posted on the sites about 3:30 p.m. local time.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A reporter on the NBC affiliate in the San Francisco Bay Area said in a helicopter above the base that people were evacuated in an orderly manner from the base exchange, a shopping centre for military members and their families, before 4 p.m.
Traffic on a road by the base entrance gate was at a standstill and air traffic appeared to be limited, the NBC reporter said.
(Reporting by Bernie Woodall; Editing by Richard Chang and Leslie Adler)
Harvey Weinstein was indicted on sex-crime charges Wednesday, hours after the disgraced movie mogul said he wouldn't testify before a grand jury.
The grand jury voted to indict Weinstein on charges of first- and third-degree rape, and first-degree criminal sexual act, the Manhattan District Attorney's Office said.
The charges are the same that were filed by cops last week when Weinstein, 66, surrendered to face arrest in a pair of alleged sex attacks in Manhattan in 2004 and 2013.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged,” DA Cyrus Vance Jr. said.
Vance — who said an investigation of Weinstein “remains active and ongoing” — also blasted what he called Weinstein's “recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process.”
“We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand,” Vance added.
Vance has in recent months faced fierce criticism over his 2015 decision not to prosecute Weinstein for allegedly groping a model to whom Weinstein apologized on a secret recording made by cops.
Earlier Wednesday, a statement from Weinstein's representatives said he decided not to appear before the grand jury “on the advice of his attorneys,” including veteran defense lawyer Benjamin Brafman.
​​In a statement, Brafman said Weinstein “intends to enter a plea of Not Guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that he strongly denies.​”
“We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted,” he added.
More than 80 women have publicly accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to rape.
He has denied engaging in any “non-consensual sexual conduct.”
Related Video 0:31 Harvey Weinstein tight-lipped while leaving court on May 25, 2018
0 Country music personality Hazel Smith has died at the age of 83
NASHVILLE - There are many who have played a part in the landscape of country music, many who have added their talents to the tapestry of the music genre that has had an impact on so many lives. many who have affected the history of Nashville and country music and many who have left us sooner than we would have liked.
>> Read more trending news
One of those people is Hazel Smith.
According to “The Tennessean,” the longtime Nashville media personality passed away at her home on March 18 following “a period of declining health.” She was 83.
Declaring herself country music's mother hen, Hazel was a fixture on Nashville's Music Row for decades. She was a journalist when female journalists weren't a common thing. She was also a songwriter, a publicist, a cookbook author and a television personality as host of CMT's “Southern Fried Flicks.”
>> Related: Country treasure Willie Nelson releases new video for a song we all can relate to
Yet, one of her most meaningful and lasting contributions to country music is the fact that she coined the term “outlaw music” while she was working as a publicist back in the early 1970s for the Glaser Brothers' Hillbilly Central office and studio.
“Now, it doesn't say this in mine or any other dictionary I've seen, but it said that ‘outlaw' meant virtually living on the outside of the written law,” Hazel told “The Nashville Scene” in 1997, as reported on by “The Tennessean.” “It just made sense to me, because [record producers] Owen Bradley and Chet Atkins were doing marvelous music, but this was another step in another direction.”
Soon after the news of her death was released, many in the country music community headed to their social media accounts to express their sadness over the news, including producer Buddy Cannon.
>> Related: Thomas Rhett's little one couldn't be more adorable in this picture
Very sorry to hear of the passing of Hazel Smith,” Buddy said.
“Hazel was a wonderful lady who was a great friend to many of us. She was a colorful, tell it like she saw it kind of person, and you never had to wonder about her stand on something. Willie Nelson credits Hazel with connecting the term ‘outlaw music' with himself, Waylon, Tompall [Glaser] and all the musical renegades that broke out of the Nashville music factory prison back in the 1970s. We all loved Hazel, and her presence will not soon be forgotten. Rest easy Hazel Smith,” Cannon said.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
LONDON: England's top cricket administrator may feel young people no longer care about cricket, but the man running the sport's global governing body is adamant youth interest is rising worldwide.
And David Richardson, the chief executive of the International Cricket Council, added that that next year's World Cup in England and Wales represents a brilliant opportunity to prove the doubters wrong.
Advertisement
Colin Graves, the England and Wales Cricket Board chairman, sparked controversy with his recent comment that young people "are just not attracted to cricket". It appeared he was trying to justify the proposed introduction of a new 100-ball format into the English game in 2020.
But many cricket lovers were aghast at Graves's seeming lack of faith in his own sport, while others were equally dismayed by what they saw as a slap in the face for various youth cricket initiatives, including those of the ECB itself.
Photographs of young fans enjoying themselves at various English county grounds and other games started appearing on Twitter in response to Graves's statement.
Richardson, too diplomatic to join in the criticism, was nevertheless keen to defend cricket's appeal to the next generation while speaking in London on Wednesday (May 30) at an event marking a year to the start of the 2019 World Cup.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"That is very much an English viewpoint," Richardson said, when asked about Graves's comments.
"Globally we are seeing in our sport, compared to other sports, the average age of the fan is lower than even football and certainly rugby.
"Market by market, it varies widely - in England, I think, there is a bit of a challenge making sure we re-engage with the youth and grow the game from a participation point of view - but elsewhere in the world, it is quite positive."
NO "APPETITE" FOR NEW FORMAT
Meanwhile Richardson, while noting domestic limited-overs cricket had been played in a variety of formats down the years, was in no hurry to add the 100-ball game to an international schedule already groaning under the weight of Tests, one-day internationals and Twenty20s.
"Our strategy is clear in that we've got three formats of the same game, which is challenging in itself to keep them from cannibalising each other," he said.
"But what it does do is provide us an opportunity to provide an offering to everybody, every type of cricket fan, from the traditional old Test cricket fan to a youngster who wants something to be happening every ball.
"And the 50-over version, I think, is that perfect fit between Test and T20. It provides a perfect day's entertainment, we've seen that around the world - it is very popular elsewhere in the world - and the World Cup has got that prestige which I think will help cement 50-over cricket's popularity well into the future."
"But certainly there isn't an appetite to increase and create another format," the former South Africa wicket-keeper explained.
Asked if the ECB, which last year successfully staged both the Champions Trophy and the Women's World Cup last year, needed help from the ICC in marketing the World Cup, Richardson replied: "We don't need to hold their hand or do anything (like that). They are quite capable themselves, I'm sure.
"But the bottom line is that this does present a huge opportunity - and we saw it with the Women's World Cup - to attract a new audience to get people enthused who weren't necessarily going to cricket matches season after season.
"I think there is a huge opportunity in having an event in your own country."
Three generations of the Kerr family have devoted themselves to amity and understanding between people of different nations, especially the United States and the Mideast: Ann Kerr-Adams and her first husband, Malcolm Kerr; his parents, who taught at the American University of Beirut in Lebanon; and Ann and Malcolm Kerr's four children, whose careers stretch across agricultural economics, English politics and “Brexit,” national security, and professional basketball. In 1982, Malcolm Kerr left his 20-year academic career at UCLA to become president of the American University in Beirut, the city where he was born. He was assassinated there in 1984, evidently by Iranian-backed extremists of the emerging Hezbollah group.
Kerr-Adams now heads UCLA's Fulbright Scholar Enrichment Program. Her family was recently awarded a settlement in its lawsuit against Iran over Kerr's assassination, and put it to use for a UCLA scholarship for students from the Mideast. Now that the Trump administration's travel ban has been upheld, what becomes of international exchange and enrichment programs for students from the five majority-Muslim countries on the banned list — and of the Kerr family's hundred-years-long work and hopes?
Click here for the full archive of "Patt Morrison Asks" podcasts »
Tell me what your program is all about.
I have two main programs at UCLA. One is running a Fulbright Scholar Enrichment Program, which brings visiting Fulbright scholars into our local cultural scenes. The purpose is also to bring them together so they meet each other and form international friendships. Along with running the Fulbright Scholar Enrichment Program to bring visiting scholars into the community, I teach two courses using Fulbright scholars as speakers.
That class is called “Perceptions of the U.S. Abroad: Discussions With Visiting Fulbright Scholars.” It's a wonderful opportunity for our UCLA freshmen and sophomores to learn from the international Fulbright scholars from around the world.
We started these courses after Sept. 11 to bring a different kind of subject matter into the curriculum to serve the needs of post-Sept. 11 young people. These students coming in were 1 or 2 years old when Sept. 11 happened, and they've grown up on the U.S. engaging in preemptive war. Before Sept. 11, students more or less follow the narrative of the U.S. as the outstanding democracy in the world, and everyone would want to be like us, and we could take democracy to the rest of the world. So it's an about-face for the contemporary students.
In the early years after we started this, we had a Fulbright scholar from Japan, and she told us how surprised Japanese people were when they heard American comparing Sept. 11 to Pearl Harbor, when Japanese people compared it to the dropping of the atomic bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
That was kind of a real awakening. Seeing ourselves as others see us or seeing others in the way they see themselves is what we're after.
The students are particularly fascinated with Fulbright scholars from post-communist countries. They're so curious about what communism was like, what some of these people grew up with. Some of the older scholars — we have professors and researchers, not just graduate students — who grew up when their countries were under communism had to learn Russian as a second language, and they had to be very careful about what they said. They do remember the austerity of those days. That's been something that I hadn't expected.
From a young age, you had a curiosity about other countries, and it became a lifelong interest and an abiding commitment to the Middle East. How did that happen?
That's quite a romantic story. I set off as a junior-abroad student from New York on a 17-day journey across the end of the Mediterranean to Beirut, Lebanon. Our only stop was in Casablanca, where we spent a day on the mainland. I was fascinated with the mixture of French and Arabic. And then I heard the call to prayer, and it was so mysterious and haunting, and I guess that romanticism took hold then and has stayed with me ever since — a fascination with the area and its history, and why we have what we see there today. It could have been so different.
That must make it all the more poignant for you to think about the might-have-beens in the Middle East.
It's just almost unbearable to think about these people, isn't it? And from all parts of the world now — the Rohingya and the Africans from Central Africa, where the drought is, and the Syrians and the Yemenis. It's unbearable, really, to think about how this is happening and what we can do about it. The mood of the world is to keep the immigrants out.
You asked me why my attraction to the Arab world? I met, in Beirut, in the same Ottoman history class, my future husband. We had a natural connection by meeting there. I also lived with four Arab women in the dorm for a whole academic year, which was wonderful. And I've kept up these friendships all these years.
In so many countries, they have their own Trumps. Ann Kerr-Adams
I was in the Middle East for a long time. My husband was president of the American University of Beirut and tragically he was a victim of the civil war that was raging then. However, when he was asked to be president, we had thought that the war might come to a close, or at least ease off. We wanted to believe that it would be better. And of course it wasn't. He was assassinated in 1984, near his office on the campus.
After that time, my younger son and my oldest son and I went to Cairo. So we had a little family unit there, and I stayed for five years. Loved it. Cairo was a wonderful place, a wonderful city. I hope it can come back soon.
There's a phrase, “Yankee go home — but take me with you.” Have you heard that before?
There's still an element of that. The United States is still a place where people think they can work hard and make their way in the world. But indeed, there's less and less of that spirit, I think, particularly under this administration.
Friends of mine from the university, Lebanese who might come here for a conference — just the difficulty in going through the airport here. Once they arrive, they're detained and in for hours and hours and being questioned.
We noticed that at the Middle East Studies Assn. meeting in Washington in March that there seemed to be fewer people than usual. A lot of people from the Middle East just didn't want to come. We had applicants for the Kerr family fellowship that we started recently, and one of them didn't want to come because of the current situation.
So there's certainly been a change, and I hope it's not permanent. We need to separate the people from the actions of their government.
In your classes and the seminars at UCLA, what kind of myths and misconceptions do you encounter on both sides, about Americans and about the rest of the world?
I like that question! Aside from the fact that the scholars want to be polite and they're a little hesitant to make critical comments, they do say that their opinions have changed to some extent when they come here and see us, especially if they can [stay] with families. Because they come with the impression that we don't have any family life, that we don't go to church on Sundays.
They also find that we're not all rich. They're always shocked at the homelessness. From movies they get the impression that Americans are rich.
The Fulbright scholars often have the impression that Americans are very friendly and make very easy friendships, but they don't go as deep as they might in other places. Except for one German scholar, who said, I love the United States because we can make small talk! He said that in Germany, they don't make small talk. It's fun when that kind of thing happens, the surprise comment like that.
At a Fulbright dinner, one of our opening dinners, a young man from Africa was here. I asked him how he was doing in in this country — he'd just arrived three months earlier — and he said, Well, I haven't seen a gun yet, as if everyone in America was going to pull out a gun the minute he saw them.
This isn't as amusing now, because it does seem like everyone has a gun. But at the time — it was maybe eight years ago — it seemed he'd been watching too many Wild West movies.
And the converse is that people think that the rest of the world is carrying bombs.
Right. And that actually every Muslim is evil. It's sad. It's so, so sad.
You spoke about the seminar having its genesis after 9/11. How have you seen the regard for or about the United States change in those years since, and now with the new administration?
This is an important point. In so many countries, they have their own Trumps, and it was reassuring, strange as it sounds. At the beginning of the Trump administration, I remember when Fulbright scholars told us that they have their own situation, with populist candidates running for elections, and the threat of a much more authoritarian government. So we're not the only ones in our current situation. And we purposely don't talk about that. We want to concentrate more on the cultural differences between us that make up the national character.
People from abroad think they know a lot about America and American culture, because they watch American movies and television. And American students perhaps — because popular culture doesn't flow the other way — know virtually nothing about these other countries. So on one side you're dispelling misconceptions, and on the other you're kind of filling a void.
That's exactly the goal. It's really gratifying to do that, and you see the scales fall from their eyes.
What effect do you think this travel ban that's now been endorsed by the Supreme Court is going to have on your programs, on perhaps many of the foreign student programs in colleges and universities?
It's unbelievable — and so damaging.
Your family took settlement money from a lawsuit against Iran for your husband's murder, and put it toward a fellowship for students from the Mideast.
It was something that was a long time in coming. There was a financial settlement after a trial for state-sponsored terrorism that many of the victims of Iran-sponsored terrorism had against the Iranian government. And only recently, some money actually came through, which we didn't anticipate. It was something that was going to be hard to deal with emotionally. I could come to terms with it by thinking of bringing this full circle and creating a scholarship for the greater Middle East.
We have a young woman coming in September and she will be getting a full ride for a PhD in the Middle East Studies Center in the field of sociology. She's working on refugees. That's exactly what we want.
This scholarship says it has to be in the liberal arts, humanities, but not medicine or engineering, where they [already] have more money than the liberal arts. She's actually from Lebanon and went to the American University of Beirut.
Your children have taken up international interests, too, in various ways.
My son John and his wife, Kim, teach at Michigan State University ; they're agricultural economists. Each of my children received a separate payout, and they have turned theirs into a scholarship for a student in resource sustainability.
It's meant to perpetuate the kinds of work that a couple of generations of our family have done in the Middle East. I encourage anyone to learn about the rest of the world in whatever way is productive. And I'm certainly glad to be in a field and have my children in fields where they can.
And if anyone can now, it's Steve, through basketball. [Steve Kerr coaches the Golden State Warriors.] I'm so proud of him, the way he's speaking out on social issues. The globalization of sports has really been huge, and now he's become internationally known and speaks out on social justice issues. I'm very proud that he can use his role as the coach of a championship team to do that kind of thing.
My other children are doing it in different ways. My daughter is county councilor in Cambridgeshire, in England. She is. She's a member of the Liberal Democrats, fighting very hard against Brexit for a more open world.
If you could send a tweet to America — we're anxious, we're unnerved, we're suspicious, we're fearful — what would you say to your fellow Americans?
I'd say there's so much to learn about the world and to try to create opportunities to do that. Let's travel as much as we can, let's learn what the rest of the world is like, and see ourselves as others see us, and fill our minds with a broader picture and broader horizons.
Patt Morrison's latest book is “Don't Stop the Presses! Truth, Justice and the American Newspaper.”
Support our journalism Already a subscriber? Thank you for your support. If you are not, please consider subscribing today. Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks.
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion or Facebook
MORE PATT MORRISON ASKS
Guess what? The rich really are different from everyone else — and it ain't pretty
Have tech companies like Facebook tricked us into abandoning our humanity?
Ken Burns on making his Vietnam War documentary: 'I was humiliated by what I didn't know'
Chelsea FC are weighing up a summer move to sign Kasper Schmeichel from Leicester City, according to Sky Sports.
The Blues are the latest club keen on a move to sign the 31-year-old goalkeeper this summer.
The Denmark international has been making a name for himself at the World Cup despite his side's eliminated in the Round of 16.
The west London outfit is being linked with a number of stoppers this summer as the uncertainty about Thibaut Courtois' future at Stamford Bridge continues.
The 26-year-old Belgian's contract is set to expire at the end of next season and the Premier League giants don't risk losing him on a free transfer next summer.
Chelsea will be keen to strengthen their squad in the summer transfer window as they look to assemble a squad at least capable of breaking back into the top four next seasons.
Schmeichel joined the Foxes prior to the 2011-12 season and has racked up at least 30 appearances in each of the club's campaigns since then.
Comments
comments
It's high time to pen down some words for former PM of Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif.
His centre has been a force in Pakistan' s turbulent political for decades.
The investigation on Nawaz Sharif linked him of moving money away to offshore accounts and buying overseas property now owned by his three children.
The thing was not declared on his family's wealth statements to Election Commission but appeared in the panama paper leak in April 2016.
Pakistan was on route to development but a little blunder caused to deteriorate image of Pakistan.
Nonetheless, Nawaz Sharif's game is over and we hope the new government to be transparent.
MAHGANJ MOHAMMAD BALOCH,
Turbat, August 1.
Perhaps it is the baseball fan in me, but I am a traditionalist in many ways.
I believe in taking it one game at a time, never messing with a hot streak and playing your hardest until the final out. I don't walk on the white lines aand I don't talk about a no-hitter until it is done. I love the feel of an old ballpark with the game on the line and I detest the very thought of the designated hitter, artificial turf and the day piped-in music replaced the ballpark organ.
Most local newspapers no longer print box scores for last night's games. I guess they figure there is just an app for that somewhere. It may be a symbolic example of the fact that a growing number of local newspapers are quite frankly not that local anymore, considering the rise of multi-region media companies that have acquired much of the market share over the years. True locally owned, staffed and produced newspapers that are focused on catering to local expectations are harder and harder to find these days.
I am sure there are countless theories or justifications for those trends, and a healthy debate on the myriad of factors is worth considering. A free press is a critical thread of the fabric of our society, and the daily newspaper is an important tradition to support. To do so requires the media industry start soul searching to find the many causes for this trend and develop reasonable solutions to them, just as any other business would do in the face of similar declines.
One data point that would be interesting to examine is the subscription trends amongst conservative readers. It is no great secret that the perception amongst most Americans has long been that the media has a liberal slant to it. These accusations predate Gov. Edwards and President Trump, with even media icons like Cronkite and Murrow hearing similar complaints. If the social media and water-cooler conversations of today are to be believed, a growing number of conservatives feel that there is a deepening philosophical tint to the news.
Last fall, the New York TLast week, one of Louisiana's local papers called for the resignation of the Speaker of the Louisiana House of Representatives, Taylor Barras. This came as a particular surprise to many as the editorial board calling for his resignation was his hometown paper, The Daily Advertiser. Rep. Barras has only been the House Speaker for 16 months and has led his colleagues as a fair, civil and steadfast gentleman, free of any allegations of impropriety or harm. The editorial cited his inability to force the House of Representatives to raise new taxes and secure stability for the popular TOPS program as the reason he should resign his post, even though the Legislature appears hours away from adopting a balanced budget without raising taxes that also fully funds TOPS.
Pushback to the Advertiser's editorial came quickly from many parts of the state, and the piece was quickly pulled down from the newspaper's website (though it has since returned).
Taylor Barras is the first independently elected Louisiana speaker of the House whom anyone can remember. Sure, the House is chaotic, unpredictable and prone to extensive debates filled with divergent opinions. But Speaker Barras runs the House in a manner that allows each member to vote their conscience, speak their mind and represent their constituents. The 2017 House of Representatives is the truest form of democracy Louisiana has to offer these days, a goal that was once long sought by many newspaper editorial boards up until the moment it came to pass.
Look, I am definitely a traditionalist, but not all traditions are meant to continue forever. For decades in Louisiana, the governor and his hand-picked speaker of the House and the president of the Senate would usually force the rest of the Legislature to do what they wanted. This tradition has at least partially contributed to decades of low achievement, untrustworthy budgets and parochial interests that won the day. The future in the Capitol is a more independent and taxpayer-focused legislative process. Glimpses of that future have been seen this session. The next election cycle will likely put it on steroids.
Some traditions are meant to last forever, but this break from tradition is a good one. The media was right to call for it for years, and now it is here. The new normal in Baton Rouge is a state government where every elected official has a voice. Speaker Barras was the first to instill this new mentality, and for that, he should be thanked.
Stephen Waguespack is president of the Louisiana Association of Business and Industry.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google
For months in this column, we have urged our readers to ignore the headlines and focus instead on market fundamentals. That strategy has paid off. The White House hi-jinks have continued to make the news, but the market has moved up in an almost steady manner. U.S. equities are up 11.59 percent from the beginning of ...
New Delhi: India, Russia and China on Monday called for a peaceful and stable Afghanistan through an Afghan-led and Afghan-owned peace process following the 15th Foreign Ministerial Meeting between the three countries in New Delhi.
"We reiterate our support to the government and the people of Afghanistan in their efforts to achieve an Afghan-led, Afghan-owned national peace and reconciliation and build a peaceful, secure, united, sovereign, democratic, stable, prosperous and pluralistic state," a joint statement issued following the meeting, which was attended by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and her Chinese and Russian counterparts, Wang Yi and Sergey Lavrov, said.
"We share the view that a capable and effective Afghan National Defence and Security Forces (ANDSF) should be the key to the stabilisation of Afghanistan," it said.
"Noting the significant increase of opium poppy production in Afghanistan and the nexus between narcotics revenue and its financial support for terrorism, we emphasise the need for stepping up result-oriented international efforts aimed at countering the Afghan drug threat."
The three countries also stressed on the importance of multilateral region-led interaction on Afghan issues, primarily by those organisations which consist of Afghanistan's neighbouring countries and other regional states, such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO), the Moscow format, the Heart of Asia-Istanbul Process, the Kabul Process and the Regional Economic Cooperation Conference on Afghanistan.
To achieve peace and stability in West Asia, the three countries reiterated "the need for a comprehensive, just and lasting settlement of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict on the basis of the relevant UN Resolutions, the Arab peace initiative and previous agreements between the parties through negotiations aimed at creating an independent, viable, territorially contiguous Palestinian state living side by side in peace and security with Israel within mutually agreed and internationally recognized borders".
On the crisis in Syria, the three countries reaffirmed that the only lasting solution was "through an inclusive Syrian-led, Syrian-owned political process which safeguards the sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity of Syria, in pursuance of the United Nations Security Council Resolution 2254(2015), and promotes the legitimate aspirations of the Syrian people".
The three sides expressed concern over the continuing conflict in Yemen which has led to the killing of civilians and to the destruction of civilian infrastructure.
"We call for urgent measures by the international community to alleviate social and economic situation in the country and to facilitate unhindered access to humanitarian aid to all parts of the Yemen Republic," the statement said.
The three countries also expressed deep concern over the ongoing tension on the Korean peninsula as a result of the nuclear and ballistic missile programmes of North Korea.
Henryetta Police confiscated 44 pounds of methamphetamine Tuesday morning after making a traffic stop, according to Chief of Police Steve Norman.
International audit and consultancy firm Ernst & Young (EY) Turkey Corporate Finance Department Head Müşfik Cantekinler said yesterday that Spain is the country that has invested the most in Turkish companies over the past 10 years.
Evaluating the acquisitions, mergers and foreign investments that took place in Turkey over the last 10 years, Cantekinler said Spain was the top investor in Turkey for the decade in terms of the announced transaction value with the impact of BBVA Group's investment in Garanti Bank.
In June last year, Spanish BBVA group purchased 9.95 percent of the shares of Turkey's Garanti Bank for $917 million, increasing its total shares in Garanti to 49.85 percent.
He stated that Spain reached a volume of $9.3 billion with 22 transactions in this period and that the U.S. led the way in numbers with 170 transactions.
Cantekinler noted that in terms of transaction value, the most dynamic sector in Turkey in the last 10 years is energy sector with a volume of $50.7 billion, followed by financial services industry with $23.1 billion.
Turkey has seen a considerable increase of $180 billion in foreign direct investment over the last 15 years.
Although the information sector is small in volume, Cantekinler said it is the most active sector in terms of the number of transactions with 451 transactions, while other sectors with the largest number of transactions are the energy and food and beverage sectors.
Stressing that Turkey remained significantly below its potential in mergers and acquisitions in the first quarter of this year, Cantekinler stated that this year, as in the previous years, the information sector stood out in the number of transactions, adding that the interest in the food and beverage sector has also increased. "We estimate for the remainder of 2018, total transaction volume will be in the $10 billion to $15 billion range, depending on the expected private sector and privatization transactions. We expect mobility to increase in energy, financial services, healthcare and manufacturing sectors," Cantekinler said.
BEIJING (Reuters) - A human rights activist best known as "Super Vulgar Butcher" who rose to prominence by harnessing social media to mobilize public support admitted in a closed-door trial that his actions "violated the law", a Chinese court said on Monday.
Wu Gan, 44, was detained in May 2015 and charged with subverting the state.
Known for his distinctive bald pate and cutting humor, Wu combined cyber-activism with eye-catching street performance to draw attention to causes ranging from wrongful imprisonment to freedom of speech.
He worked in an investigative capacity for a law firm, helping it find and vet cases involving abuses of power.
In a brief statement published on its official Weibo account on Monday afternoon, the Tianjin No.2 Intermediate People's Court said it did not hold an open hearing because Wu's case impinged on "state secrets".
"The defendant Wu Gan recognized his behavior violated criminal law and constituted a crime," the court said, adding that his lawyers were allowed to "fully express" their defense arguments.
The court said a verdict would be handed down at an unspecified later date.
Politically sensitive cases such as Wu's almost always result in a guilty verdict from China's Communist Party-controlled judiciary.
Wu's lawyer, Ge Yongxi, said it was "inconvenient" to talk about the case when reached by telephone.
In a pre-trial statement that Wu managed to slip to his lawyers during a recent meeting, Wu said he knew he would "receive a heavy sentence" because of his "refusal to accept a state-designated lawyer, plead guilty, and make a televised confession for their propaganda purposes".
"My crime of subverting the communist regime is a great honor for me," he said in the statement, published online by his father on Aug. 9.
"A guilty verdict issued by a dictatorial regime is a golden glittering trophy awarded to warriors for liberty and democracy."
Wu was detained at the start of what is now referred to as the "709 Crackdown", named after the date of the biggest sweep on July 9, 2015, when hundreds of lawyers and activists were targeted for arrest, detention or questioning.
Wu is one of the last defendants to go on trial, more than two years on.
Most of the lawyers and activists have been released after serving short or suspended sentences, usually after recording televised "confessions", pleading guilty and expressing contrition in court.
Wu's supporters say his trial was delayed and only held behind closed doors because of his refusal to follow suit, while also scoffing at any suggestion he could have any state secrets in his possession.
"Wu Gan's trial is a cruel farce and it is inconceivable that he will receive a fair hearing in what is a politically motivated prosecution," said Patrick Poon, China researcher for Amnesty International.
"He is merely being punished for refusing to stop his innovative and legitimate campaigns for justice in China."
A picture shows a tank belonging to the Furqat al-Abbas Brigade of the Hashed al-Shaabi (Popular Mobilisation) paramilitaries advancing towards villages between the northern Iraqi cities of Hawija and Kirkuk.
The Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma is sending out food trucks during Spring Break to help children who receive free or reduced lunches.
Edmonton police are searching for a suspect after a woman was attacked in the parking lot at the Clareview Transit Centre earlier this month.
At around 6 a.m. on April 11, police said a 41-year-old woman was attacked after leaving her vehicle at the northeast Edmonton transit station.
Police said the woman was searching inside her vehicle when she was attacked from behind by a man who grabbed her hair and forcefully struck her head against the vehicle several times. The woman fell to the ground and was kicked by the suspect, police said in a media release Tuesday.
Another woman tried to intervene, but was also pushed to the ground, according to police. The attacker left the scene on foot.
Police are now hoping to speak to the woman who tried to step in and help, as well as another male witness who ran to the woman's aid.
The Edmonton Police Service released a composite sketch of the suspect on Tuesday in hopes of identifying the man.
He is described as a white male in his early 20s, approximately five foot four inches to five foot seven inches tall. He has medium-length blond or red hair that was sticking out of a black toque. Police said he has a small amount of facial hair and was wearing a black winter jacket, cream coloured pants and black shoes.
Anyone with information on the suspect or the attack is asked to call the EPS at 780-423-4567 or #377 from a mobile phone. Anonymous information can be submitted to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 or online.
CHICAGO: Kids in daycare may not always learn about sun safety because their teachers are more focused on lessons about healthy food choices, brushing teeth and getting plenty of exercise, a US study suggests.
Researchers surveyed 202 administrators, managers and teachers at Head Start and other daycare centres in Illinois in July, a time of year when kids are apt to be exposed to harmful ultraviolet (UV) rays.
Overall, when participants ranked their top priorities for teaching toddlers and preschoolers healthy habits, good nutrition came first, followed by exercise, and brushing teeth. Less than one in five respondents listed bike helmets, vaccinations or sun protection as top priorities.
“The seasonal shift in sun intensity in Illinois means that sun safety receives less attention than health promotion activities that apply all year such as good nutrition, adequate exercise and brushing teeth,” said senior study author Dr June Robinson of the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago.
While about half of the daycare programmes did provide sunscreen for students, 77 per cent of these programmes didn't allow kids to apply the sunscreen themselves, researchers report in JAMA Dermatology.
It's possible some daycare centres were following state regulations that apply to students starting in elementary school, which classify sunscreen as an over-the-counter medication that can only be applied by a school nurse with a doctor's prescription, Robinson said by email. Daycare centres aren't bound by these regulations, but it might still influence their decisions, Robinson said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
About half of the programmes, however, used spray sunscreens to avoid unnecessarily touching children. This may be one way to help more children get protection, Robinson said by email.
“In the past, touching children, which is prohibited out of concerns about child abuse, prevented the application of the lotion type of sunscreen,” Robinson said.
Head Start programmes were more likely to use spray sunscreen than other daycare centres, the study found. Often, programmes that did use sprays failed to avoid spraying sunscreen directly on kids' faces, which can cause children to inhale it or get it in their eyes and isn't the correct way to apply this product.
Most programmes did not report children having any sunburns, and most also followed guidelines for keeping kids out of the sun during when the heat index is too high.
One limitation of the study is that it only examined daycare centres in Illinois, and it's possible the results would be different in places with other regulations regarding sunblock application in schools or different seasonal weather, the authors note.
Still, the results highlight a need to raise awareness about the need for sun protection for kids in early childhood programs, said Dr Henry Lim, president of the American Academy of Dermatology and senior vice president for academic affairs at the Henry Ford Health System in Detroit, Michigan.
“It is totally appropriate and understandable that top concerns were good nutrition, adequate exercise, brushing teeth and wearing seat belts, but teachers need to be educated about the long term side effects of sun exposure,” Lim, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
“Aside from sunburn, teachers obviously would not observe the skin ageing and skin cancers in their students; therefore, education is needed.”
Parents can also help make sun safety a priority, said Mary Tripp of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston.
“Parents can apply sunscreen lotion to children before they go to school and provide sunscreen for teachers to use at school,” Tripp, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
“Parents also can provide wide-brimmed hats and other protective clothing such as shirts with longer sleeves for their children to use at school,” Tripp added.
“By practising sun protection themselves, parents can role model these behaviours for their children, which is critical in helping children develop these healthy habits at a young age.”
LIVERPOOL: Mohamed Salah came back to haunt former club Roma in spectacular style with two goals and two assists as Liverpool stormed towards the Champions League final with a 5-2 semi-final, first-leg win at Anfield on Tuesday (Apr 24).
Roberto Firmino also scored twice and Sadio Mane netted Liverpool's other goal to make up for missing a series of gilt-edged chances as the scoreline did anything but flatter the hosts.
Roma produced one of the finest comebacks in Champions League history by overturning a 4-1 first-leg deficit against Barcelona in the quarter-finals.
They will need to do the same in the return leg on May 2, but the visitors were at least given a lifeline when Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti grabbed two vital away goals in the final 10 minutes.
"This reaction is welcome because we give meaning to the return match," said Roma coach Eusebio Di Francesco.
"We have to believe, in football everything can happen, it will be a different match from the one with Barcelona, but the desire to overturn it is there."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Liverpool will rue their missed chances and poor late defending, but remain well on course for a first final in 11 years.
"Of course we would have been more happy with 5-0 or 5-1 but 5-2 is a fantastic result. We go there and try again," said Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp.
"We scored these goals and could have scored more. That is all positive, at this moment it doesn't feel all positive because they scored these two goals but tomorrow I will see the really good part of the game."
The hosts' early rhythm was disrupted when Alex-Oxlade Chamberlain was stretchered off with a nasty-looking knee injury, which could threaten his World Cup dreams with England.
Liverpool's English midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (centre) picks up an injury during the UEFA Champions League first leg semi-final football match against AS Roma. (Oli SCARFF/AFP)
Moments later, the visitors were inches away from the opener when Aleksandar Kolarov's long-range strike slipped through the grasp of Loris Karius and came back off the crossbar.
However, Liverpool soon settled and should have put the tie beyond doubt before half-time.
Mane blazed over when clean through on goal and then skewed wide when teed up by Firmino.
Salah's first sight of goal then brought a smart save from Alisson before Mane's frustrating night continued as he was flagged offside when he did put the ball in the net from Andrew Robertson's low cross.
UNSELFISH SUPERSTAR
Roma have now lost their last four Champions League away games - shipping 13 goals in the process - and were punished by the man they sold to Liverpool for what now seems a bargain €42 million (US$52 million) last year.
Nine minutes of the first half remained when Salah picked the ball up just inside the Roma area and was given far too much time by Juan Jesus to cut inside onto his favoured left foot and curl the ball with unerring accuracy into the top corner.
Liverpool's Egyptian midfielder Mohamed Salah celebrates scoring their first goal against AS Roma during the UEFA Champions League first leg semi-final football match. (Oli SCARFF/AFP)
The chances continued to come for the hosts, but unfortunately for Jurgen Klopp not all of them fell the way of Salah as Dejan Lovren headed a glorious opportunity against the bar before Alisson got down to parry Georginio Wijnaldum's powerful strike.
Brazilian number one Alisson has been in stunning form but even he was powerless as Salah struck again in first-half stoppage time with a trademark dinked finish over the advancing 'keeper.
Liverpool's Egyptian midfielder Mohamed Salah (2nd left) scores his second goal past Roma's Brazilian goalkeeper Alisson during the UEFA Champions League first leg semi-final football match. (Oli SCARFF/AFP)
Chasing a first ever Champions League hat-trick, Salah would have been forgiven for going for goal as he bore down on Alisson once more 11 minutes into the second period.
But he showed why he is considered one of the game's more unselfish superstars by squaring for a relieved Mane to convert from close range.
Liverpool's Sadio Mane (left) scores his side's third goal against AS Roma during the Champions League semi-final, first leg, football match. (AP Photo/Dave Thompson)
Salah wreaked more havoc five minutes later when he sped past the helpless Jesus and pulled the ball across goal for Firmino to tap home.
Firmino then rose the highest head home James Milner's corner to take Liverpool's fearsome front three's combined tally for the season to 88.
Liverpool's Brazilian midfielder Roberto Firmino (4th right) heads the ball to score their fifth goal against AS Roma during the UEFA Champions League first leg semi-final football match. (Oli SCARFF/AFP)
Roma's night seemed to be summed up when midfielder Kevin Strootman and coach Eusebio Di Francesco became engaged in a blazing row after the fifth goal went in.
However, Klopp's decision to withdraw Salah 15 minutes from time backfired as the tie swung back Roma's way in the final stages.
Firstly, with nine minutes left, Dzeko slotted home his 21st goal of the season as Lovren got caught underneath the ball.
Moments later, Anfield was stunned when Milner was punished for handball inside the area and Perotti coolly slotted home the resulting penalty.
Zurich Insurance has agreed to buy ANZ's OnePath Life insurance businesses for 2.85 billion Australian dollars (US$2.14 billion), the latest and largest foray by the Swiss company into the Australian market.
ZURICH: Zurich Insurance has agreed to buy ANZ's OnePath Life insurance businesses for 2.85 billion Australian dollars (US$2.14 billion), the latest and largest foray by the Swiss company into the Australian market.
The deal, announced on Monday, is the third purchase by Zurich in Australia over the last two years as the insurer doubles down on a region where a robust economy and low insurance penetration rates have proved attractive.
Zurich has focused on the Asia Pacific as a major growth driver in its life insurance business, previously picking up Macquaries' retail life insurance business for USUS$300 million in 2016 and the Cover-More Group for USUS$554 million in April this year.
The ANZ deal - Zurich's biggest since 2011 - would be immediately accretive to the Swiss company's earnings, and would increase return on equity and shareholder returns, the company said.
It would increase cash flows by around US$225 million over the 2017-2019 planning period, Europe's fifth largest insurer added.
"The existing portfolio provides a highly cash-generative business that will add to our cash remittances, increase our business operating profit after tax return on equity target by 50 basis points and support dividend growth beyond that implied by our existing plan," Zurich Chief Executive Mario Greco said in a statement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As part of its 2017-2019 targets, Zurich has promised to pay shareholders 75 percent of its net profit. With the ANZ deal expected to be completed by the end of 2018, the full benefit of the acquisition will become apparent in the 2019 dividend.
Following the deal, Zurich will have around 19 percent of the Australia retail life insurance market, making it the biggest provider in the market, it said.
CEO Greco also highlighted how the purchase would build up Zurich's distribution of insurance products through ANZ's branches and digital distribution channels.
As part of the deal, Zurich would get access to ANZ's 6 million customers through a 20 year distribution agreement to sell life insurance.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Zurich said it would fund the deal from its own cash pile and through senior debt.
On a pro-forma basis, the operations to be acquired reported net earned premiums for the 12 months ended September 30, 2017 of USUS$1.1 billion and a net profit after tax of USUS$142 million.
The deal is the largest since Greco took over at Zurich last year. The executive brought in from Generali to engineer a turnaround for the troubled group has promised to make Zurich leaner and more efficient.
(Reporting by John Revill; Editing by Adrian Croft and Jane Merriman)
Advertisement
The Enugu State Government says it will streamline its revenue collection process to eliminate unwholesome practices.
The Enugu State Commissioner for Commerce and Industry, Mr Sam Ogbu-Nwobodo, disclosed this on Tuesday in an interview in Enugu.
Ogbu-Nwobodo said that government was already putting in place systems to check the activities of revenue touts in the state.
“We want to streamline the process so that there is minimal inter-face with a number of agencies, which opens up the system to abuse and the inflow and impact of touting that we have witnessed.
Advertisement
“Otherwise, the government is now working on a system that will bring in technology to make it easier for people to know what they are supposed to pay; who they are supposed to pay it to and when.
“And not to rely on uninformed and crude methods; which are what the people complain about.
“Many times, it is not really about paying it; it is about how it is being collected.''
He added that government would continue to apply different methods in tackling human errors and manipulations in revenue generation in the state.
Galatasaray have signed West Ham United winger Sofiane Feghouli on a five-year contract for 4.25 million euros (3.86 million pounds), the Turkish club announced on Monday.
ISTANBUL: Galatasaray have signed West Ham United winger Sofiane Feghouli on a five-year contract for 4.25 million euros (3.86 million pounds), the Turkish club announced on Monday.
The 27-year-old Algeria international spent one season at West Ham after joining the Premier League club on a three-year deal from La Liga side Valencia last year.
Feghouli scored four goals in 27 appearances for the Hammers, including one against NK Domzale in the return leg of a Europa League third qualifying round tie in West Ham's first match at the club's new London Stadium last July.
Paris-born Feghouli came through the ranks at French club Grenoble before joining Valencia.
An age-grade representative for France, he chose to play for Algeria and scored their first World Cup goal in 28 years with a penalty against Belgium in 2014.
(Writing by Ken Ferris; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Advertisement
Lahore - At least 10 people were injured in Spin Bolduk district of Afghanistan, near Chaman border, as reports of explosions at a military depot emerged late Monday.
People on Pakistani side of the border reported loud back-to-back blasts and high flames across the border around 2am, according to TV channel reports.
The security forces on Pakistan side were put on high alert, and it was unclear what caused the explosions at the Afghan depot – amid fears of a militant attack.
The reported injured were civilians who got hurt by the rockets flying from the under-fire depot and landing at nearby civilian population.
There was immediately no official word about the toll of Afghan soldiers posted at the depot till the filing of this report.
The Afghan Army had blocked access to the burning depot, from where rockets continued flying out in the darkness of the night.
Reportedly, alert was sounded in the Chaman hospital – anticipating a request by the Afghan authorities for provision of medical aid.
Spin Bolduk district is in Qandhar province which is well-known for its history of militancy.
The incidents come only days after the US dropped a massive bomb on IS positions in Nangarhar province, which also borders Pakistan.
At least 30 militants were killed immediately by the GBU-43/B, dubbed the “Mother Of All Bombs”. The toll surged to 90 within a couple of days. The unprecedented attack triggered global shockwaves, with some condemning the use of Afghanistan as what they called a testing ground for the weapon, and against a militant group that is not considered a threat as big as the resurgent Taliban.
The Chaman border, along with Torkhan crossing, was closed for almost a month following a string of terrorist attacks in Pakistan - which the officials claimed were planed and launched from Afghanistan. The border was opened on March 20, but Chaman crossing was closed again on April 1 after clashes between border personnel and travellers, who lost patience at slow process of biometric verification - introduced to check militants' cross-border movement.
The market likes today?s full-year results from Hollywood Bowl Group (LSE: BOWL) and the shares are up almost 8% as I write. The numbers are good. Revenue rose almost 9% compared to a year ago with like-for-like sales up an encouraging 3.5%, suggesting the firm?s offering is hitting the spot for customers. The firm is making money and earnings are rising. Net cash from operations increased more than 16% and adjusted underlying earnings after tax rose 30%, but adjusted diluted earnings per share eased by 8% due to an increased share count. The directors underlined the progress by declaring the…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
The market likes today's full-year results from Hollywood Bowl Group (LSE: BOWL) and the shares are up almost 8% as I write. The numbers are good. Revenue rose almost 9% compared to a year ago with like-for-like sales up an encouraging 3.5%, suggesting the firm's offering is hitting the spot for customers.
The firm is making money and earnings are rising. Net cash from operations increased more than 16% and adjusted underlying earnings after tax rose 30%, but adjusted diluted earnings per share eased by 8% due to an increased share count. The directors underlined the progress by declaring the first-time appearance of a meaningful full-year dividend that produces a yield a little over 1.9%, and a special dividend taking the yield up to more than 3.5% at today's share price around 205p.
Strong growth
One of the things I like about the company is its narrow focus operating as the UK's largest ten-pin bowling provider with 58 bowling centres across the UK under the Hollywood Bowl, AMF and Bowlplex brands. I reckon firms that specialise stand a better chance of doing things well than those that try to diversify their operations.
As well as rolling out its refurbishment and rebranding programme, the company opened three new centres during the period, which it says are performing “strongly.” Since the end of the trading year a fourth centre opened, suggesting that 2018 will be another good year for growth. Chief executive Stephen Burns reckons the rebrands and refurbishments “have delivered significant returns,” and he says new centres opened in the year “have performed ahead of expectations.”
There's a “healthy” pipeline of new sites to feed ongoing expansion and the firm has plans to grow with “selective new openings and acquisitions.” One of the great things about the business is its healthy cash inflow. Customers pay before using the service so the firm gets to reinvest this flow of cash straight away. To me, the growth proposition with Hollywood Bowl looks robust and I'm more likely to buy some of the firm's shares than I am those of UK Oil & Gas Investments (LSE: UKOG), for example.
Big potential
The oil and gas exploration firm is onshore UK-focused and raised £16.5m during 2017 to fund its four-well drilling and testing programme for 2018. With key regulatory permits already in place, the aim is to further appraise “the wider Kimmeridge continuous oil deposit plus the Horse Hill Portland oil discovery.” The directors' lofty ambition is to provide stable commercial production and cash flow by early 2019. They reckon a positive outcome would give the company a solid base for further drilling and development of the “significant untapped Kimmeridge resource-base,” which underlies the firm's extensive licence interests.
But as with all oil exploration, nothing is certain and there's no guarantee that significant cash inflows will result. That's one reason why investors have endured such a wild ride. The share price went as high as 9p in September but is near 3.5p today, and falling. Speculation drives these wild swings, but I reckon we'll see less of that with Hollywood Bowl due to its strong and consistent cash flow, so I'd rather take my chances there than with UKOG's make-or-break outcomes.
ALTON | Senior Services Plus broke ground May 17 for its new Wellness Center.
The state-of-the-art 9,900-square-foot facility will include a 6,400-square-foot gym, indoor walking track, and a 2,000-square-foot exercise classroom for group fitness classes. The center's focus will be improving the quality of people's lives.
The center started in 2007 and was originally open only for senior citizens. It is now open to anyone 16 and older and offers a variety of classes and personal training. Senior Services Plus has been raising funds for the Wellness Center building the past several years.
“SSP is grateful to our many donors and the community for supporting the project; we are tremendously excited to provide the community's need for an affordable community center,” Executive Director John Becker said.
Impact Strategies will be the general contractor and Sheppard, Morgan, and Schwaab Inc. will perform civil engineering. Both firms offer great experience and expertise to the Pathways To Wellness Campaign.
According to Senior Services Plus research, “in Madison County, there will be 30 percent more people over age 60 in the next 16 years. And with that reality is that they will live 20 years longer than they did just a few decades ago. All across the country, communities are scrambling to figure out how to take care of this aging citizenry. With longevity comes chronic health problems that collectively will put an enormous strain on ... quality of life.”
“(The) groundbreaking ceremony is a monumental point for our organization and the whole community,” Associate Executive Director Theresa Collins said. “Through the Pathways to Wellness Campaign and this expansion, Senior Services Plus Inc. will be able to provide affordable wellness to our growing population for many years to come.”
To learn more about Senior Services Plus, visit the website or 2603 N. Rodgers Ave. in Alton.
Senior Services Plus continues to see positive developments. Alison Krauss is returning as the headliner for the ninth annual Feed The Need Concert on Sept. 29 at the Alton Liberty Bank Amphitheater. The public can still be part of the expansion by pledging support for a matching gift challenge.
The RiverBend Growth Association supports Senior Services Plus and its members by offering a showcase to member businesses. Visit the website or call (618) 467-2280 to learn more about this member benefit.
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
Tough start for the Toronto Maple Leafs in Game 3 against the Washington Capitals on Monday night when they allowed two goals on the first two shots they faced (Nicklas Backstrom and Alex Ovechkin did the damage) in the game's first five minutes.
But they started to get back into it later in the period and cut the deficit in half thanks to Auston Matthews, the No. 1 overall pick in the 2016 draft, scoring his first career playoff goal. He has a fortunate bounce off of Nate Schmidt‘s head, leaving the puck right on the doorstep for an easy tap-in, to thank for it.
You can see the entire play in the video above.
Schmidt was playing on Monday due to an upper body injury to veteran defenseman Karl Alzner and he ended up playing a pretty big role in the first period. Not only because of this play, but he also set up the Capitals' first goal when he made a beautiful play to set up Backstrom in front.
With 40 goals during the regular season, Matthews put together one of the best rookie seasons the NHL has seen in years and was not only the top rookie goal-scorer in the league, he ended up as the second leading goal-scorer in the entire league, trailing only Pittsburgh Penguins forward Sidney Crosby.
While U.S. Vice President Mike Pence travels to Latin America tamping down concern over his boss's threat of possible military action in Venezuela, the country's leader Nicolas Maduro sought to capitalise on local outrage by holding an "anti-imperialist" protest on Monday.
CARACAS: Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Monday called for military exercises after U.S. President Donald Trump's threat of a possible armed intervention in the country, but Maduro insisted he still wanted to hold talks with the U.S. leader.
As Maduro told supporters in Caracas to prepare for an "imperialist" invasion, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence sought to calm concerns in the region about Trump's talk, promising a peaceful solution to Venezuela's "collapse into dictatorship."
The unpopular Maduro, struggling with a disintegrating economy at home and increasing diplomatic isolation abroad, has used Trump's comments on Friday to reaffirm long-standing accusations that Washington is preparing a military attack.
"Everyone has to join the defence plan, millions of men and women, let's see how the American imperialists like it," Maduro told supporters, urging them to join the two-day operation on Aug 26 and 27 involving both soldiers and civilians.
Thousands of government supporters rallied in Caracas where they denounced Trump's suggestion of a "military option" to resolve Venezuela's crisis.
Over 120 people have been killed since anti-government protests began in April, driven by outrage over shortages of food and medicine and Maduro's creation of a legislative superbody that governments around the world say is dictatorial.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Maduro said Trump's advisors had confused him about the true situation in Venezuela.
"I want to talk by phone with Mr. Trump, to tell him 'They're fooling you, Trump, everything they tell you about Venezuela is a lie. They're throwing you off a cliff.'"
The White House last week rebuffed Maduro's request to speak to Trump, saying the president would talk with Venezuela's leader when the country returned to democracy.
'FAILED STATE'
Earlier in the day, Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino appeared in a televised broadcast with dozens of battle-ready troops behind him at an army base, including soldiers with shoulder-fired missile launchers pointed skyward.
In a speech, he warned that the United States wanted to steal the OPEC nation's oil reserves.
Late socialist leader Hugo Chavez frequently staged military exercises during his 14-year rule, many of which involved defending the country against mock foreign armies.
Critics generally dismissed them as bravado meant to distract from problems at home.
Venezuela's opposition coalition on Sunday rejected foreign threats to the country. It did not specifically identify Trump or the United States, but criticized Maduro's close relationship with Communist-run Cuba.
Vice President Pence said the United States would bring economic and diplomatic power to restore democracy in Venezuela.
"A failed state in Venezuela threatens the security and prosperity of our entire hemisphere and the people of the United States of America," said Pence, speaking to reporters in the Colombian coastal city of Cartagena.
"The regime is experiencing change right now and what we're witnessing is Venezuela is collapsing into dictatorship."
Countries across Latin America, where the United States flexed its military muscles throughout the 20th century, rejected Trump's comments and said U.S. intervention was unwelcome.
On Sunday night, in an apparent effort to ease alarm, Pence said the United States was confident that a peaceful solution could be found to the country's political and economic crises.
The country last month, at Maduro's behest, elected a "constituent assembly" with sweeping powers including the capacity to rewrite the constitution. Maduro says the assembly will bring peace to the country.
His adversaries boycotted the election, calling it a power grab meant to keep the ruling Socialist Party in power and insisting it will do nothing to tame soaring inflation or resolve food and medicine shortages.
(Additional reporting by Tim Ahmann in Washington and Julia Symmes Cobb in Bogota, Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Andrew Hay)
SINGAPORE: Students planning to enrol in the polytechnics and Institute of Technical Education (ITE) next year will see tuition fees go up.
The increase in tuition fees will be larger for permanent residents and foreigners, compared with Singapore citizens, the schools announced on their websites on Monday (Dec 11).
These revised fees apply only to the new batch of students joining the schools in the 2018 academic year. The polytechnics' term starts in April, while ITE has two intakes in January and April.
Singapore citizens looking to join the five polytechnics next year will pay an annual tuition fee of S$2,800, up from S$2,700 last year.
For permanent residents (PRs), fees will go up to S$5,600 from S$5,400, while tuition fees for international students will go up to S$10,000 from S$9,600.
The five polytechnics schools include Nanyang Polytechnic, Ngee Ann Polytechnic, Republic Polytechnic, Singapore Polytechnic and Temasek Polytechnic.
Advertisement
Advertisement
For the ITE, fees for full-time Nitec courses will go up to S$406 for Singaporeans, while PRs will pay S$5,023 and international students will foot S$13,482. These include fees such as the registration fee, supplementary fees and examination fees.
Singaporean citizen students who joined ITE this year paid S$386 in school fees, while PRs paid S$4,719 and international students paid S$12,582.
Tuition fees remain unchanged for higher Nitec courses.
Articles by Category Select Category Dirt Late Model News (4,699) Comp Cams Super Dirt Car Series (69) Corn Belt Clash (26) Crate Late Model Series News (189) Fastrak (5) NeSmith Chevrolet Dirt Late Model Series News (75) PCRA Series News (54) General/Other Dirt Late Model News (208) IMCA Late Model Series News (76) Deery Brothers Series News (62) Lucas Oil Late Model Series News (975) MARS DIRTcar Series News (257) MLRA Series News (231) NDRL (133) Northern Allstar Late Model Series (NALMS) News (21) Other Series News (6) Ray Cook's Southern Nationals Series News (66) Southern Regional Racing Series (7) Sunoco American Late Model Series (ALMS) (86) U.M.P. DIRTcar Series Late Model News (1,404) U.M.P. DIRTcar Summer Nationals (489) ULMA Series News (156) World of Outlaws Late Model Series News (852) Driver Profiles (54) 2016 Driver Profiles (54) Late Models (13) Modifieds – B-Modifieds (30) Sprints – Midgets – Micros (3) Stock Cars – Sportsman (9) Open Wheel Modified News (1,898) American Modified Series (83) AMRA Series News (3) Big Block Modifieds (25) IMCA Modified & Sport Mod News (122) U.M.P. DIRTcar Series Modified News (976) USMTS News (512) USRA (78) Race Team & Sponsor News (203) Race Track News (7,454) Florida (275) Bubba Raceway Park (66) East Bay Raceway Park (91) Volusia Speedway Park (126) Illinois (3,475) Belle-Clair Speedway (201) Charleston Speedway (6) Coles County Speedway (1) Dirt Oval 66 (1) DuQuoin State Fairgrounds (121) Fairbury American Legion Speedway (122) Farmer City Raceway (173) Fayette County Speedway (167) Gateway Int'l Raceway (86) Gateway Motorsports Park (99) Highland Speedway (471) Jacksonville Speedway (124) Kankakee County Speedway (118) La Salle Speedway (100) Lincoln Speedway (172) Macon Speedway (407) Mt. Vernon Raceway (1) Peoria Speedway (121) Quad City Raceway (82) Quincy Raceway (215) Route 45 Raceway (28) Shepp's Speedway (47) Spoon River Speedway (64) Springfield Mile (88) Tri-City Speedway (702) Vermilion County Speedway (14) Wayne County Speedway (12) Indiana (342) Bloomington Speedway (16) Brownstown Speedway (76) Gas City I-69 Speedway (1) Kokomo Speedway (22) Lawrenceburg Speedway (6) Lincoln Park Speedway (5) Montpelier Motor Speedway (2) Shadyhill Speedway (1) Terre Haute Action Track (78) Tri-State Speedway (95) Kentucky (423) Bluegrass Speedway (6) Florence Speedway (80) Kentucky Lake Motor Speedway (81) Paducah Int'l Raceway (211) Ponderosa Speedway (22) Soggy Bottom Raceway (3) Western Kentucky Speedway (2) Windy Hollow Speedway (2) Missouri (2,721) Benton Racepark (12) Butler Motor Speedway (4) Callaway Raceway (114) Central Missouri Speedway (196) Doe Run Raceway (3) Double X Speedway (106) Federated Auto Parts Raceway at I-55 (612) Fredericktown Raceway (1) I-35 Speedway (20) LA Raceway (67) Lake Ozark Speedway (95) Lebanon I-44 Speedway (192) Lebanon Midway Speedway (128) Legit Speedway Park (67) Lucas Oil Speedway (549) Malden Speedway (14) Missouri State Fair Speedway (35) Monett Speedway (39) Montgomery Motorsports Park (27) Nevada Speedway (2) Poplar Bluff Speedway (27) Randolph County Raceway (93) Scotland County Speedway (27) Springfield Raceway (265) St. Francois County Raceway (124) US 36 Raceway (15) Valley Speedway (97) Winston Speedway (3) Ohio (253) Eldora Speedway (200) K-C Raceway (4) Tennessee (206) Clarksville Speedway (169) Sprint Car & Midget News (2,569) All Star Sprint Series News (71) American Sprint Car Series (ASCS) News (372) COMP Cams Interstate Sprint Car Cup (1) General/Other Sprint-Midget News (98) Mid-America Lightning Sprints (8) MOWA Sprint Series (167) National Sprint League (46) POWRi Series News (476) USAC News (260) USCS (39) World of Outlaws Sprint Car Series News (656) Uncategorized (93)
Articles by Month
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India imposed restrictions on Monday on advertising condoms on television, saying ads would only be allowed late at night as they could be inappropriate viewing for children. The Ministry of Information & Broadcasting said condom advertisements will now be allowed only between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. to avoid exposing children to such material and to comply with government rules. (bit.ly/2jNS1a4) The ministry told all television channels in an advisory “not to telecast the advertisements of condoms, which are for a particular age group and could be indecent/inappropriate for viewing by children”. The government said its decision was based on rules stating that no advertisements which “endanger the safety of children or create in them any interest in unhealthy practices” should be allowed. It also cited regulations that prohibit “indecent, vulgar, suggestive, repulsive or offensive themes”. Talking openly about sex and contraception is still largely taboo in India. Conservative social norms mean many men and women are still embarrassed to shop for condoms, whose usage remains low in rural areas of the country. The Indian government provides free condoms under its community-based AIDS prevention programme, but several brands -- including Durex condoms of Britain's Reckitt Benckiser -- are widely available, with some endorsed by Bollywood actors. In September, an Indian condom maker was forced to withdraw a new advertisement promoting the use of the prophylactic ahead of a major Hindu festival, local media reported.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
2018 PRO SWIM SERIES – COLUMBUS
Thursday, July 5 – Sunday, July 8, 2018
McCorkle Aquatic Pavilion, Columbus, OH
Thursday: Timed Finals 5 PM (US Eastern Time)
Friday-Sunday: Prelims 10 AM / Finals 6:30 PM (US Eastern Time)
Meet site
Meet info
Psych sheet
With the 2018 U.S. Nationals coming up at the end of July, and tons of international meet roster spots up for grabs, things are starting to get serious. This is the penultimate stop of the 2018 TYR Pro Swim Series, with Nationals serving as the last chance to vie for the individual series crown as well as for SwimSquad glory.
Below are five interesting stories/predictions/expectations for this weekend's meet. Note that these storylines are not meant to be exhaustive as there are plenty of great races and stories to follow this week; these are just a few of the most compelling.
#1 THE KING'S RESPONSE
Perhaps the most heated rivalry in a sport that is seriously lacking in heated rivalries (besides Tom Shields vs. a piano in the last 50 of a 200 fly) will burn on this weekend. Lilly King has a pretty tough mark to eclipse this week in Columbus in the 100 breast. Her target? Yulia Efimova‘s top world ranking of 1:04.98.
King swam a 1:05.90 at the Pro Swim Series in Indianapolis in May, tying her for first in the world with Japanese swimmer Reona Aoki. Then, Efimova touched at 1:05.78 in Canet-en-Roussillon at the Mare Nostrum Tour, edging King for the #1 spot. Just hours later, King swam the same event in Santa Clara at the Pro Swim Series, registering a 1:05.61 to take back her place atop the world. A week ago at the Sette Colli Trophy in Italy, Efimova laid down the most recent hammer, a 1:04.98 to get within a second of King's WR.
We all remember the finger-wagging, the drug test fails, the drama, and the conflama of the King v. Efimova 100 breast race in Rio which set the internet ablaze. King's been 1:05.61 this year, and she'll have to drop over six tenths off of that to knock off Efimova again. And, if she's able to do that, we can sit back and appreciate how impressive it is that not one, but TWO women have been sub-1:05 in the 100 breast in season.
#2 KALISZ TO CHALLENGE SEASON BESTS FROM WINTERTIME
Chase Kalisz leads the world this year in the 400 IM (4:08.92), while he sits 7th in the 200 IM (1:57.50). He hasn't been faster than those times, though, since the winter. His 400 IM season best came in early March, while he went his 200 IM season best back in January.
Kalisz is the favorite for both IM's going into the 2018 Pan Pac Championships, as he's the reigning world champion in both races. Of course, his ability to produce season bests at these PSS meets may be hindered by the fact that he also races grueling events like the 200 breast and 200 fly. He is entered in those two events, plus his IMs, for Columbus, as well as the 100 breast and 100 fly. Always better at longer stroke and IM races, we may see some lifetime bests from him in the 100s. He's entered at 54.20 in the 100 fly and 1:02.46 in the 100 breast.
#3 MEN'S BREASTSTROKE JOSTLING BEFORE FINAL ROSTER DECISIONS MADE IN IRVINE
For both the 100 and 200 breast, there are a good handful of swimmers on the men's side who all have pretty sizeable chances at snagging a spot for Pan Pacs. Of that handful, several are racing in Columbus this weekend.
In the 100, Cody Miller will make an appearance, as he'll try to hold off upstart teens Michael Andrew and Reece Whitley. Keep an eye on Ian Finnerty, too. He erupted to sweep the breaststrokes at NCAAs, which included a 49.69 100y breast as he became the first person to crack 50 seconds in this race in yards.
Andrew isn't racing the 200, but Miller and Whitley will be there. Kalisz, with his 2:09.90, is the top seed, and don't be surprised if Michigan's Jacob Montague and Charlie Swanson make some noise there, too.
#4 KENTUCKY BACKSTROKERS GETTING IN FORMATION
Sometimes referred to as BackstrokeU, the Kentucky women are looking due for a sweep in the 200 back.
Asia Seidt leads the way at 2:08.99, with Bridgette Alexander (2:09.44) and Ali Galyer (2:11.77) in tow. Seidt and Alexander were both very close to making the World's team last year at 3rd and 4th in this event at 2017 US Trials. Seidt, in particular, was painfully close– her 2:08.99 was just short of 2nd place Regan Smith‘s 2:08.55.
Alexander is the 3rd seed in the 100, with Seidt 4th and Galyer 6th.
#5 RIP LEAH SMITH‘S SHOULDERS
Honestly, give her a round of applause. Leah Smith is essentially doing Chase Kalisz‘s lineup, only doing it in a much harder way by adding 1500 meters of freestyle. And no, she's not doing the 1500 free, she's doing 1500 meters worth of freestyle, spread out across four events.
Smith is entered in the 100, 200, 400, and 800 free, in addition to the 200 fly and 400 IM. She started taking the 400 IM more seriously in the last year or two and, what do you know, she won the race at the 2017 US Nationals and swam it at Worlds. Meanwhile, she posted a 2:11.27 lifetime best in the 200 fly a month ago in Santa Clara. She's really doing whatever she wants and doing it well, so moment of appreciation for Smith and her insane lineups. And let's pay close attention to how she does in the IM and fly, because she may well be racing those events again at Pan Pacs.
For those of us who live and breathe for reality TV, looking forward to each new season of shows like Dancing With the Stars comes naturally, especially since you can typically expect each season to premiere like clockwork. But this season is premiering a little later and running a little shorter, so when does Dancing With the Stars Season 26 return? It's definitely going to be more fast-paced this time around since there will be just four episodes and 10 contestants instead of the usual 12. It even premieres later than usual thanks to the reboot of American Idol, which has taken over the Monday night time slot for the time being.
Instead, DWTS Season 26 will premiere on April 30 and conclude on May 21, just in time for The Bachelorette Season 14 to premiere on ABC the following week on Memorial Day. The show's later debut is not the most ideal situation by any means, but it does still give fans the spring season of DWTS, even if it is considerably shorter than the typical 10 week season that the show sees each March through May. DWTS hasn't had a season this short since its inaugural season back in 2005, which had just six episodes.
However, even though we know when it's coming back, the list of contestants for the season has yet to be announced, though we do know it's going to be restricted to only having athletes hit the dance floor. As TVLine reported back in November 2017, Season 26 will welcome 10 athletes as DWTS competitors as opposed to the usual lot of stars fan are used to seeing.
There are some people who have already expressed interest in joining the cast, though. In fact, 2018 Winter Olympic figure skater Adam Rippon told People Now that if given the chance, he would consider competing on the dancing competition show. "If the opportunity came up, I would love to do it," he said, adding, "I've never danced with a partner before, so that would definitely be something challenging."
Rippon isn't the only Olympian with eyes set on the TV ballroom, though. Fellow figure skater Mirai Nagasu who competed in the women's free skate event at the 2018 Winter Olympics, told USA Today that she had DWTS on her mind the entire time. "I would like to be on Dancing With the Stars because I want to be a star," she revealed. "I made history here by landing the first triple axel for a U.S. lady at the Olympics so I think that is a big deal. I hope I get more opportunities to let my personality just shine." She also admitted that she considered her part in the competition as her "audition" for DWTS.
Plenty of star athletes have competed on DWTS in the past and even gone on to win the Mirrorball trophy, so it's no big surprise that Season 26 has been dedicated to athletes entirely. Back in Season 4, speed skater Apolo Anton Ohno took home the prize and in Seasons 8 and 23, gymnasts Shawn Johnson and Laurie Hernandez, respectively, proved to be victorious as well.
There's no word yet if every spring season of DWTS is going to be this short, especially since it looks like American idol is here to stay on ABC, but if the network keeps making the season unique in its celebrity competitors, it might still work out. As it stands, fans have plenty to look forward to with what I'm sure will be an exciting version of the show we've all come to love.
Check out Romper's new video series, Romper's Doula Diaries:
Watch full episodes of Romper's Doula Diaries on Facebook Watch.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — A new study from AAA may have you trying to avoid millenials.
The study shows 88 percent of young millenials engaged in at least one risky behavior behind the wheel in the past 30 days. The report ranks them as the most dangerous drivers.
Here are some of the results of the study:
Driver ages 19-24: 88.4 percent Drivers ages 25-39: 79.2 percent Drivers ages 40-59: 75.2 percent Drivers ages 16-18: 69.3 percent Drivers ages 75+: 69.1 percent Drivers ages 60-74: 67.3 percent
Texting, speeding and running red lights create a real risk for crashes, according to the study.
More than half of drivers in every age group have texted while driving in the last 30 days.
Experts suggest putting your phone in a place where you simply cannot reach it.
Here are the rest of the study's statistics:
Texting While Driving
Driver ages 19-24 were 1.6 times as likely as all drivers to report having read a text message or e-mail while driving in the last 30 days (66.1 percent vs. 40.2 percent).
Driver ages 19-24 were nearly twice as likely as all drivers to report having typed or sent a text message or e-mail while driving (59.3 percent vs. 31.4 percent).
Speeding
Driver ages 19-24 were 1.4 times as likely as all drivers to report having driven 10 mph over the speed limit on a residential street.
Nearly 12 percent of drivers ages 19-24 reported feeling that it is acceptable to drive 10 mph over the speed limit in a school zone, compared to less than 5 percent of all drivers.
Red- Light Running
Nearly 50 percent of drivers ages 19-24 reported driving through a light that had just turned red when they could have stopped safely, compared to 36 percent of all drivers.
Nearly 14 percent of drivers ages 19-24 reported feeling that it is acceptable to drive through a light that just turned red, when they could have stopped safely, compared to about 6 percent of all drivers.
MIDDLEBORO, MA – AMETEK Brookfield is offering its Practical Course on Viscosity Measurements. This popular course was created to help AMETEK Brookfield Viscometer users comprehend the functionality of their instrument, solve the mysteries of fluid behavior and rheology, and create successful and repeatable viscosity test methods for use in both R&D and QA/QC environments. Consistent measurement is vital in the success of any product, and understanding viscosity is a key part to maintaining quality control.
The course is offered at AMETEK Brookfield in Middleboro, Massachusetts, and at major cities across the United States. Space is limited and customers are encouraged to sign up early.
Visit www.brookfieldengineering.com/services/training-programs-and-seminars or call 800/628.8139 or 508/946.6200 for course information and registration.
LONDON: Scientists have found signs of brain damage that could cause dementia in a handful of former soccer players, fuelling worries about the danger of frequent knocks from heading the ball or colliding with others on the field.
The small study was the first of its kind, involving post mortems on six men who died with dementia after long careers playing soccer. All were skilled headers of the ball.
It suggests that some professional soccer players might risk the same long-term cognitive problems suffered by boxers and some American football players.
But experts said more research was needed to prove any definitive link between heading a football and developing dementia, and they added that the risk was likely to be minimal for occasional players.
"We've demonstrated that the same type of pathology that occurs in ex-boxers can also occur in some ex-footballers who have dementia, but I'd emphasise this is a very small number of players," said co-lead researcher Huw Morris of London's UCL Institute of Neurology.
"The average playing career of these players was 26 years, which is thousands of hours of game playing, thousands of hours of practice and thousands of headers ... I think the risk is extremely low from playing recreational football."
Soccer is the most popular sport in the world and scientists said the danger of head injuries had to be weighed against the game's known benefits in improving cardiovascular health, which actually reduces the likelihood of developing dementia.
The study, published in the journal Acta Neuropathologica on Wednesday, followed 14 retired soccer players with dementia and secured next-of-kin permission for post mortem examinations for six of them.
The scientists found evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), a potential cause of dementia, in four of the six brains. All six also had signs of Alzheimer's disease.
CTE is common in ex-boxers and has been linked to progressive memory, behavioural and motor impairment.
Unlike boxing or American football, blows to the head in soccer are generally lower impact and players are less likely to experience concussion. But there may still be cumulative damage from sub-concussive impacts, experts believe.
Britain's Football Association said more work was needed into whether degenerative brain disease was more common in ex-footballers, adding it planned to jointly fund research with the Professional Footballers' Association.
(Editing by David Holmes/Ruth Pitchford)
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). FILE - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said Wednesday.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Advertisement
Venezuela's defense minister on Monday declared the army's loyalty to President Nicolas Maduro, who ordered troops into the streets ahead of a major protest by opponents trying to oust him.
Venezuela is bracing for what Maduro's opponents vow will be the “mother of all protests” Wednesday, after two weeks of clashes between police and demonstrators protesting against moves by the leftist leader and his allies to tighten their grip on power.
The center-right opposition has called on the military — a pillar of Maduro's power — to turn on the president amid an economic and political crisis that has triggered severe food shortages, riots and looting.
But Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez said the army “confirms its unconditional loyalty to the president.”
He made the comment before thousands of rifle-carrying members of the pro-Maduro “Bolivarian militia,” who cheered with fists raised at a rally outside the presidential palace.
Maduro thanked the army and the militia for their support and announced he planned to expand the latter civilian force to half a million armed members.
“Loyalty is repaid with loyalty,” he said.
– Maduro rallies army –
The rally came hours after Maduro ordered the military into the streets to defend the leftist “Bolivarian revolution” launched by his late mentor Hugo Chavez in 1999.
“From the first reveille (on Monday morning), from the first rooster crow, the Bolivarian National Armed Forces will be in the streets… saying, ‘Long live the Bolivarian revolution,'” he said Sunday night in a televised address.
He called for the militia to be in “permanent training” and “permanent deployment” to defend Venezuela against “any imperialist aggression” — a thinly veiled reference to the United States.
Senior opposition leader Henrique Capriles dismissed Maduro's announcement.
“The old fogey has announced one rifle for every militia member. He is more desperate than ever,” Capriles wrote on Twitter.
“Venezuela does not want rifles, it wants food and medicine!”
– ‘Repression' –
Advertisement
Venezuela has been rocked by unrest since March 30, when Maduro's camp moved to consolidate its control with a Supreme Court decision quashing the power of the opposition-majority legislature.
The court partly backtracked after an international outcry, but tension only rose further when authorities slapped a political ban on Capriles.
Five people have been killed and hundreds wounded in the ensuing protests as demonstrators clashed with riot police firing tear gas, water cannon and rubber bullets.
Non-government groups have accused the authorities of repression of protesters and of using firearms to put down the rallies.
Padrino Lopez on Monday blamed the violence on criminals, retorting that “action by the state to restore public order cannot be called repression.”
– Major protest called –
Maduro's opponents have called for a massive protest Wednesday, a national holiday that marks the start of Venezuela's independence struggle in 1810.
The president's supporters have called a counter-demonstration the same day.
It is a touchy date in Venezuela, where Chavez and Maduro have built a politics of populist, left-wing nationalism around the fight for independence from colonial Spain and around the hero of the struggle, Simon Bolivar.
Eleven Latin American countries on Monday asked Venezuela to guarantee the “right to peaceful demonstration,” lamenting deaths that have already occurred during the protests.
Maduro's Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez on Twitter called the statement from the 11 countries “political selectivity,” accusing the group of endorsing “the violent vandalism of the opposition.”
Maduro is fighting efforts to force him from power as Venezuela flounders through a crippling three-year recession and confronts the world's highest inflation rate.
Venezuela has the world's largest oil reserves, but the fall in global crude prices since 2014 has laid bare its overwhelming dependence on its chief export.
Lacking the oil dollars it once used to import nearly everything else, the country has been hit by severe shortages of food, medicine and basic goods like deodorant and toilet paper.
With some 165,000 troops and 25,000 reserves, the army controls production and distribution of basic foods.
Eleven of Maduro's 32 government ministers are current or retired military officers.
LSAT 2018 Application Process has been initiated by Pearson VUE on its official website - pearsonvueindia.com/lsatindia . The Law School Admission Test (LSAT) India 2018 is an entrance exam based on which candidates become eligible for the admissions process of multiple law colleges in India that accept LSAT-India scores.Candidates who are looking for admissions in Law Colleges for the next academic year can apply for the LSAT – 2018 entrance exam by following the instructions given below:Step 1: Visit the official website - pearsonvueindia.com/lsatindia Step 2: Click on Registrations OpenStep 3: Click on ‘Create a New Account'Step 4: Enter details and register onlineStep 5: Download the confirmation page and take a print outThe last date of apply for LSAT 2018 is May 4th 2018 and the exam will be organized on May 20th 2018 at various test centres across India viz:Chandigarh, Delhi (NCR), Jaipur, Lucknow, DehradunBangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, KochiBhubaneswar, Kolkata, Raipur, Ranchi, Guwahati, PatnaAhmedabad, Bhopal, Mumbai, Nagpur, IndoreThe Law School Admission Test (LSAT) measures crucial aspects of laws aspirants viz the logical reasoning, analytical and reading skills. LSAT scores are currently accepted by over 80 law schools in India and the exam is conducted in collaboration with the US-based based Law School Admissions Council (LSAC).Some of the renowned Law Schools that consider LSAT scores are Institute of Law & Research, ICFAI, Azim Premji University, NMIMS School of Law, K.R. Mangalam University, VIT Law School, Midnapore Law College and many more. Interested candidates can check the complete list of associated Law colleges here:
Pakistan's annual inflation rate eased to 3.70 per cent in December from 3.81pc in November, the Bureau of Statistics said on Monday.
On a month-on-month basis, prices decreased by 0.68 percent in December compared with November, the bureau said.
Average inflation for the July-December period stood at 3.88pc, compared with the same period last year.
The steepest rise in year-on-year prices was seen in the prices of gram flour, pulse gram and besan. The steepest drop in year-on-year prices was in the price of onions, tomatoes and chicken.
The administration of Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has approved the procurement of 100-unit of mass transit vehicles for convenient and affordable transportation in the state, especially for medium and low income earners.
The state government also approved an improved welfare package for health workers in the state, which will ensure a significant rise in the earnings of nurses, midwives, laboratory scientists, radiographers and a host of others under the Allied Union of Health Workers
Briefing newsmen after the state's Executive Council meeting, the commissioner for commerce and industry, Sam Ogbu-Nwobodo, disclosed that the decision to procure the 100-unit vehicles was in keeping with the vision of the government to impact positively on the lives of the people as well as promote business activities in the state.
Mr. Ogbu-Nwobodo further explained that the procurement of the vehicles will be funded through the Move Nigeria Programme of Infrastructure Bank of Nigeria PLC, created by the federal government to fund major infrastructure at concessionary rates.
He added that the Infrastructure Bank would fund the mass transit vehicles' purchase at five percent rate in addition to the normal bank costs, stressing: “Five percent is by any standard a concessionary rate, almost like a giveaway”.
The commissioner also told journalists that the state government equally approved a contract for the renovation and expansion of New Haven Shopping complex, Enugu to enhance ease of doing business, explaining that contracts awarded also included the expansion and renovation of its parking area, construction of ultra-modern public toilet in the market to avoid outbreak of diseases that may result from non-availability of convenience rooms in the market.
According to him, the upgrade of the facility would be contractor-financed, with the proceeds from its sale used to defray the cost of renovation, adding that “the parking lot as well as the toilet will be managed by the traders in conjunction with the ministry of commerce and industry”.
“Considering the strategic location of this market in the heart of Enugu, and also being one of the shopping complexes owned by the state government, and in keeping with the urban renewal efforts of the state government, council approved that this renovation be done to give it a major facelift”, Mr. Ogbu-Nwobodo said.
On the welfare package for Health workers, the state's commissioner for health, Fintan Ekochin, said “the Executive Council approved that the implementation of the Consolidated Health Workers Salary Scale (CONHESS) should be applied to members of the association”.
“This is something that is very welcome because it entails an increase in take-home for members of these various workers in the state,” he said, adding that the government is determined to implement it duly and carry along all the representatives of the various associations of health workers.
Noting that health workers had long been agitating for implementation of the CONHESS salary scale, given that doctors in Enugu State were already on the Consolidated Medical Salary Scale (CONMESS), Mr. Ekochin explained that the approval comes as good news for health workers and expressed optimism that it will result in more enthusiasm and productivity in their workplace.
The health commissioner explained further that the present gesture is coming on the heels of the government's renewed endeavour to protect health workers, culminating in the distribution of personal protective equipment last week, and a training organised by the health ministry for health workers on the Lassa fever infection, prevention and control.
He said he was pleased with the measures his ministry has put on ground to prevent the outbreak and respond appropriately in the event of an outbreak. “We thank God that there is not even one suspected case of Lassa fever in Enugu State, despite reported cases in several states including a neighbouring state”.
Outlining other decisions taken at the meeting, the commissioner for information, Ogbuagu Anikwe disclosed that the Council equally approved the disposal of 22 unserviceable vehicles, but added that political appointees were excluded from bidding for their purchase.
The Checkdown's daily collection of football culture stories for May 29, 2018. This is The Extra Point.
1. Browns S Damarious Randall could be on the hook for over 800K jerseys -- the number is growing by the minute -- if the Cavs upset the Warriors in the 2018 NBA Finals.
If the Cleveland Cavaliers win the 2018 NBA finals Iâll buy everyone who retweetâs this a jersey... â Damarious Randall (@RandallTime) May 29, 2018
Randall's post is (reportedly) already the 14th most-retweeted tweet of all time.
2. We hope everyone enjoyed their Memorial Day and took some time to think about the service members who made the ultimate sacrifice. Check out this video to learn more about the life of the late great Pat Tillman.
3. Most fans last saw Tom Brady throwing for 505 yards and three touchdowns in Super Bowl LII. Over the weekend, the 2017 NFL MVP was seen throwing passes from yacht-to-yacht in Monaco -- Formula 1 driver Daniel Ricciardo was his WR.
4. Congrats to Chiefs OT Laurent Duvernay-Tardif, today he's graduating from the McGill University in Montreal. Duvernay-Tardif has earned his medical degree and will officially become Dr. LTD.
LAUSANNE - The International Olympic Committee on Friday provisionally suspended Brazil's national Olympic body over the alleged involvement of its head Carlos Nuzman in a vote-buying scandal. The IOC also suspended Nuzman from all his positions, stripped him of his honorary membership and removed him from the coordination committee for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Nuzman was arrested in Rio de Janeiro on Thursday as part of a probe into allegations he helped buy votes from the IOC to secure Rio's hosting of the 2016 Games.
NEW YORK: Apple said on Monday (Dec 11) that it would buy leading song recognition app Shazam in a fresh bid to secure an edge in the intensifying battle of streaming services.
Apple, whose streaming service has rapidly grown but still has only half the paid subscribers of Spotify, said that Shazam has consistently been one of the most popular items on its App Store.
The two companies did not disclose financial terms. The technology news sites Recode and TechCrunch, quoting unnamed sources, both put the deal at around US$400 million.
"Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users," Apple said in a statement.
"We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement," it added.
Meanwhile, London-based Shazam said in a separate statement: "We can't imagine a better home for Shazam to enable us to continue innovating and delivering magic for our users."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Shazam, which was founded in 1999 in the early age of online music, has offered a solution to a longtime agony of listeners - putting a name to elusive songs. With a click, the app identifies tracks playing on the radio, at parties or as background music.
But Shazam has struggled to find a way to make money off its technology, even as it said that it had reached one billion downloads on smartphones last year.
Shazam only recently said it had become profitable thanks to advertising and to steering traffic to other sites such as Spotify and Apple Music.
The technology is also no longer quite as novel, with Shazam facing rivals such as SoundHound and with latest-generation smartphones capable of ever more advanced recognition functions.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
TECH BATTLE TURNS TO SERVICES
Apple, which revolutionised online music a generation earlier with iTunes, in 2015 launched Apple Music as the market turns to streaming, which offers unlimited on-demand listening.
Apple said in September that the service had more than 30 million subscribers - a quick rise, but still trailing Spotify.
Spotify - which has emphasised a bare-bones, user-friendly interface instead of unique features - said it had 60 million paying users as of July and 80 million more on its free tier.
And with streaming experiencing rapid growth, competition has become even fiercer.
Retail giant Amazon seized on its vast consumer reach as it launched its own streaming service last year.
YouTube, the video-sharing behemoth owned by Apple's rival Google, also has its own music streaming platform and recent reports said it was looking to launch a new paid subscription package next year.
Shazam has already proven it can be woven into another service. A year ago it formed a partnership with SnapChat, the youth-driven social media platform whose videos evaporate, with users able to "snap" to friends the music they discover around them on Shazam.
Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, said the Shazam sale "underlines the fact that the battle of the technology companies is firmly moving beyond hardware and into services."
"This is a good move for Apple that helps to consolidate its already strong position in music content. It won't be the last takeover of a tech firm by these big giants," he said.
REUTERS: West Bromwich Albion cannot afford to take their foot off the pedal in the Premier League as they push for a possible European spot, defender Johnny Evans has said.
West Brom have consolidated their eighth place in the league with a four-game unbeaten run and, with 13 matches left to play, hope to ambush Everton in seventh for a possible Europa League place.
"Everton are still four points ahead of us, we want to catch Everton, that's the next aim, you're always looking above you. West Ham are trying to catch us," Evans told British media.
"We haven't talked about specific targets. I know the manager will say we get to 40 points and work from there, exactly like Leicester City did last season.
"Of course I'm not saying we're going to win the league but we've put ourselves in such a good position we don't want the season to just fizzle out and fade. We want to capitalise on this position and make it a season to remember."
Evans was confident West Brom would eclipse their best Premier League points haul of 49, which they achieved during the 2012-13 campaign under former manager Steve Clark.
"I think the way we've been playing at the minute with the mentality we've got, there's no reason why we can't," he added.
West Brom host 14th placed Bournemouth in their next match on Feb. 25.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
LAS VEGAS: Curtis Leoni and Robin Davis had a prime spot at Las Vegas's Route 91 Harvest Country Music Festival, standing just 100 feet from the stage, the Mandalay Bay Hotel towering over them.
But not long after the final act began, the pair heard a volley of shots and, as Davis puts it, "our lives changed forever." But "we are some of the fortunate ones," she says. "There's a lot of people that didn't get to go home."
Leoni, a policeman from Colorado, was hit in the thigh and now hopes to one day walk normally, while Davis will now live with shrapnel embedded in her leg.
When shots first rang out Leoni immediately "recognized it as a real gunshot" and warned Davis to stay standing for risk of being trampled to death. After the second round of fire the band stopped and the couple fled, seeking shelter.
Following the third discharge, Leoni fell, struck by a bullet in the right thigh. Upon touching his leg the policeman's hand was covered in blood. He feared for his femoral artery; had it been hit, "I was gonna die in about two minutes," he says.
"People got up and started running," Leoni told AFP. "The shots started back up and we were stuck in the middle of nowhere and I couldn't get up, and I could hear the shots flying all around us, and there was nothing we could do."
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We just sat there, hoping that we weren't going to get killed, that we weren't going to die."
The shooting finally stopped and Davis called for help, wrapping the wound with a tourniquet crafted with the strap of her bag.
Several people ultimately carried Leoni to a red pick-up, and he was transported to the hospital along with 10 others.
GOOD SAMARITANS
The cop hailing from Denver escaped the grisly scene thanks to that "good Samaritan" driver, who made three trips evacuating the wounded that night.
Since that harrowing night Leoni - who after 23 years in the force is no stranger to compartmentalising his feelings - says his most marked emotion remains anger.
Curtis Leoni, who was shot in the leg at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival when a gunman opened fire on the crowd killing 58 people and injuring some 500, recuperates with his girlfriend Robin Davis. (Photo: AFP/Robyn Beck)
"I'm mad at that guy. Why would you do something like that?" he says from his hospital room. "We were there to have a good time and something like this happens. And our lives are changed forever, for no reason and that really makes me angry."
"I'm not used to being the victim," he continues. "My job is to help people in these situations, and I could do nothing. Absolutely nothing."
Leoni is still suffering from nerve damage and is unable to move his right foot. Doctors say feeling may come back, but nothing is certain.
Despite the horrors of Sunday's massacre in Las Vegas - which left 58 dead and some 500 wounded to become the worst mass shooting in recent US history - profound friendships rose from the ashes.
The driver of the pick-up checked in to see if Leoni had been released, and he met the couple whose lives he touched mid-week.
"We have a new friend for life," Davis said. "That kind of was a summary of what the night turned out to be. We're not going to talk about the person who did this horrific thing "We're going to talk about the people that stood up for each other."
Leoni, who is due to leave the hospital Friday, insists that he adores Vegas despite having narrowly escaped a tragic end there.
"I must've come 100 times," he says of the city famous for gambling and vice, where he had been planning to visit again with some buddies come February. "We'll see if there's a 101st."
As the sun dims over the Pacific's glassy Solomon Sea, Guillaume Iwankow dons his diving gear and descends from the research schooner Tara into a motorized dinghy. His goal is to bring back a core, an arm's-length sample of a coral colony that chronicles decades of its lifetime.
About 10 minutes after the dinghy leaves Tara, its motor slows. It's so shallow here that reef fish dart about just inches from the surface. Iwankow, a scientific dive master for the Tara Expeditions Foundation, is looking over the coral for the biggest, most pristine example he can find of Porites lobata — a round, yellow-green coral species that often grows so large that it looks like the contents of Godzilla's cranium. Coral colonies are made up of soft-bodied animals called polyps, which (with the help of symbiotic algae) secrete thin layers of the mineral calcium carbonate. Over time, these annual layers accumulate one atop another in a hard mass that makes up the coral skeleton.
Once he's located the ideal Porites, Iwankow presses the three-inch-wide circular blade of his coring tool into the surface of the coral. There's a faint whirring noise as the blade sinks into the skeleton, and clouds of coral dust billow in the surrounding water. After penetrating through all the coral layers, Iwankow taps the corer's barrel this way, then that, to dislodge the base of the sample he's cut, which is typically about a foot and a half long. He repeats that process twice more through the same hole, then swims back up and deposits the lengths of core sample —about four feet long in their entirety — in the dinghy. Only the surface of the Porites formation contains live polyps, so after drilling, the coral formation should continue to grow in the shallows, unharmed and without interruption.
Marine science expeditions like this one collect all kinds of biological samples, from ocean water to reef fish to coral microbes. But coral cores are distinct from the rest. They are organic time capsules, containing records of local pollution, geology, temperature and reef health that go back hundreds or thousands of years. As researchers refine the surprising methods available to extract this kind of information from coral skeletons, the advice for climatologists, geochemists and paleontologists who want to plumb the oceans' past has increasingly become: Look to the cores. “I call them natural reef history books,” said Janice Lough, a climatologist and coral core expert at the Australian Institute of Marine Science. “They've got lots of stories to tell.”
Drilling Into Ocean History
Like forensic detective work, coral coring has become a reliable way to add detail and credibility to theories about past events — or to prove that they happened at all. It's easy to forget that no one was even sure corals set down annual growth rings until the 1970s. That was when a team of University of Hawaii geophysicists visited Enewetak Atoll in the South Pacific.
Enewetak was an unassuming island with an unusual history: The United States tested nuclear bombs there on various dates in the 1940s and '50s. The Hawaii researchers were curious to see whether coral skeletons near Enewetak would show evidence of this radioactivity. If the coral core layers contained radioactive elements with a known half-life, it would be possible to calculate almost exactly when each growth ring was made. “They took a slice of a massive colony, put it on [light-]sensitive paper in a darkroom for a month, and they saw a series of radioactive bands,” Lough said. The spacing of the bands on the paper hinted that there might be more to discover within the hidden structure of the coral, suggesting a further test was in order. “They got in touch with the local doctor and said, ‘Would you mind X-raying our coral slice?'”
When the coral slices were put in the X-ray scanner, a distinctive series of light and dark growth rings became visible, reflecting the density of the calcium carbonate that made up the coral skeleton. Dating the radioactive elements in the skeleton revealed that a double set of rings was laid down each year: a larger, more porous ring and a narrower, denser ring. In a 1972 Science paper, the researchers dubbed the cores “coral chronometers,” alluding to their utility as natural timepieces. Other scientists have since reported that corals lay down larger growth rings during wet seasons when temperatures are more moderate, and smaller rings during dry seasons when conditions are more extreme.
Coral species grow between 0.3 and 10 centimeters per year, but a general rule of thumb is that a 100-centimeter-long core sample, for instance, supplies a record of about 100 years of that coral's history. Often it is the most recent 100 years, but not always. Fossilized corals may contain sequences of growth rings that date back as far as the last interglacial period, more than 100,000 years ago. X-ray scans are still used today to assess the relative density of coral growth rings, which reflects the climatic conditions at the time the rings were created. But marine scientists have worked steadily to discover the significance of other coral core properties as well.
One of the richest stores of data inside a core, coral detectives are finding, is its year-by-year record of trace elements in ocean water. Coral polyps take in ocean water to extract minerals they need to build their skeletons, so each carbonate layer contains tiny amounts of whatever was in the water when the layer was created. While coral growth rings are “not as nice and tight as tree rings, due to the complex internal shape of the skeleton,” said Gregory Webb, a University of Queensland paleontologist, “they do record the chemistry of the water they grow in.”
Tests of coral core composition, therefore, allow scientists to chart levels of many different compounds in an ocean zone from one year to the next. This can yield insights into planetary processes that seem to have little to do with coral. Marine scientists at China's Guangxi Key Laboratory recently deduced the strength of East Asian winter monsoons over the past 150 years by measuring levels of rare earth elements, such as lanthanum and cerium, in each layer of a Porites coral core. These rare earth elements come from swirls of dust deposited during the winter storms, so the elements' prevalence is a reliable gauge of storm intensity.
Amy Irvin / The Hockey Writers
14 SHARES Share Tweet Linkedin Reddit Mail
Every player on the Columbus Blue Jackets is riding high at the moment. They've won 15 straight games, and aren't showing any signs of slowing down. One player in particular who is showing a lot of confidence is defenceman Ryan Murray.
The second overall pick in 2012 has taken a while to find his footing, but he is looking more and more comfortable in his role and has become an important contributor for the Blue Jackets. There is another team that could have used his services, but they chose to pass.
The Oilers Wanted Nail Yakupov
There was somewhat of a divide over whom the Oilers would choose with the first overall pick in 2012. Some in the organisation felt that the way to go was with a potential cornerstone defenseman in Ryan Murray. But others felt they simply couldn't pass up Nail Yakupov, a smooth skating skilled winger, with a not so quiet confidence. He was touted as the best player available, and it's generally more risky to choose a blueliner at number one — just ask the St. Louis Blues about 2006.
The scouts who wanted Murray were silenced and the team opted to go with Yakupov. He played well in his rookie season, but it was all downhill from there, thanks to numerous coaching changes, poor development, a loss of confidence and an unwillingness to change his game.
The Oilers traded Yakupov this past offseason for a conditional third round pick and an unknown prospect. Was Yakupov a bust as a first overall pick? It's not entirely his fault, but in retrospect, it certainly looks like a fail.
In the first few years, though, no one really faulted the Oilers for taking Yakupov over Murray. In his first three seasons with Columbus, Murray had nine goals and 49 points and missed significant time due to injury. He wasn't terrible, but he certainly didn't set himself apart as an elite blueliner. He had shoulder issues in junior and had knee and ankle injuries last year that limited him to just 12 games. He's had a lot of hard luck, and it's prevented him from finding a comfort zone at the NHL level.
He wasn't terrible, but he certainly didn't set himself apart as an elite blueliner. He had shoulder issues in junior and had knee and ankle injuries last year that limited him to just 12 games. He's had a lot of hard luck, and it's prevented him from finding a comfort zone at the NHL level.
This year, which has been significantly better for the team, Murray has played in 30 games, with no goals and four assists. But it's the ice time and reliability that's been a plus for him. Murray averages about 17 minutes a night and is a +plus seven on the season. He doesn't need to be the linch-pin in the Jackets
Murray averages about 17 minutes a night and is a plus-seven on the season. He doesn't need to be the linch-pin in the Jackets defence corps — they've got Seth Jones, Jack Johnson and the remarkable Zach Werenski to carry a lot of the load. They need Murray to play well in his own zone and move the puck, and he handles both aspects well.
How would Ryan Murray look on the Oilers blueline? Would he be a first pairing guy? The reality is, thanks to limited minutes and overall playing time, no one could say with certainty that Ryan Murray is a top defenceman.
He might be best off as a more complimentary guy who doesn't have to do too much but provides reliability. Does this not have a Justin Schultz feel to it? A highly-touted player who was misused by the Oilers and forced to play in the wrong role?
It's easy to look at Nail Yakupov's situation and wonder if they would have been better off taking Murray. But he hasn't been a Norris Trophy calibre guy, and the past few years haven't been kind to any defenseman in the Oilers organisation. The Blue Jackets were patient with Murray, and he's been able to find a permanent spot in the NHL. Should the same patience be applied to another defenceman from that same draft class?
The Oilers and Griffin Reinhart
While Ryan Murray was the first blueliner taken in the 2012 draft, another defender wasn't far behind him. Ranked as the 10th best player in the draft, the New York Islanders liked what they saw in Griffin Reinhart enough to take him at number four.
The biggest knock on Reinhart was his skating, but the rest of the scouting report had him projected as a potential first pairing guy. Defencemen notoriously take longer to develop than forwards, and save for a player like Aaron Ekblad, most of them should be viewed as somewhat of a longer-term project.
But for Griffin Reinhart, his development seemed to hit a wall. He simply wasn't able to acclimate his game to the NHL, and he spent more time in the AHL than with the Islanders. A fresh start for all seemed like the only solution, and so he was traded to the Oilers for a significant return. So far, he hasn't been able to crack the Oilers lineup, his game hasn't improved and his development continues to appear stagnant.
Not saying, just saying Griffin Reinhart needs to be given a decent chance to make the Edmonton Oilers #Oilers pic.twitter.com/eS05tMWz9V — Doug Lehman (@28doug) December 12, 2016
The 2012 Draft wasn't the deepest. There weren't any generational players or franchise changers to be had in the first round. But that's the way it works sometimes. And not every player pans out. Do the Oilers even need Reinhart anymore? The Blue Jackets will certainly need Murray going forward. Injuries happen, slumps happen. As long as they continue to allow him to grow in his game, he'll be okay.
It just doesn't seem the same with Reinhart, does it? The feeling is that he won't ever be a real contributor to the Oilers lineup. It feels like he'll be no more than AHL depth. The Oilers invested a lot in Griffin Reinhart. Have they simply not been patient enough? It appears as though he's been bypassed by other prospects in the organisation. Is he just not good enough? Murray and Reinhart are the same age, taken in the same draft, only two picks apart. Both are seemingly far from elite status.
The Report on Murray
Ryan Murray was a forgotten man for a while. Maybe because he played in Columbus. Maybe because injuries prevented him from finding consistency in the NHL. In any case, the Blue Jackets weren't going to be impatient with the former second overall pick.
Murray isn't perfect. He may spend his career as a bottom-pairing guy in low-leverage situations. He's slid down the depth chart. But he's found ways to contribute. He blocks a lot of shots and he moves the puck quickly out of the defensive zone. Murray may end up being known as something of a disappointment, because of his high draft status. But the Blue Jackets have been able to use him effectively. And don't forget he's still young.
One of the few glimmers of good news to emerge from 2015-16 was Murray's health. Forget all the other numbers – him playing all 82 games is a big step toward pushing all of his injury woes in the rear view mirror. Defensively, Murray is more of a defuser and less of a banger. He uses his smooth skating and his quick decisions to avoid messy situations before they escalate. Offensively, his strength is a quick first pass, but he has to start shooting more. [Blue Jackets Extra]
Some feel that more patience is required with Griffin Reinhart. Others feel as though he's not part of the Oilers future. But keep in mind that Ryan Murray is having his worst offensive season as a pro, and the organisation isn't giving up on him (at least not yet). When the Oilers face the Blue Jackets on Tuesday night (and attempt to break their winning streak), Oilers fans won't be seeing what they missed out on. They'll be seeing what a project looks like.
Fabian Delph is flying back to Russia to rejoin England's squad at the World Cup after taking time off to return home for the birth of his daughter.
The 28-year-old missed the dramatic penalty shootout victory over Colombia on Tuesday night that sent England into the quarterfinals for the first time in 12 years, having earlier been given permission by manager Gareth Southgate to attend the birth of his child.
“I've just experienced the most amazing 24 hours,” Delph said in a social media post on Wednesday.
“Watching my brothers come through a tough game both mentally and physically, I kicked every ball and felt every bit of emotion with the players, staff and fans.
“At 07:52 Me my wife and 2 beautiful daughters welcomed their baby sister into the world. I can't put into words the happiness and gratitude I'm feeling… Back to Russia now.”
Delph, who can play in midfield and on the left side of defence, has made two appearances in Russia so far, coming on as a second-half substitute in England's 6-1 win over Panama and starting the 1-0 defeat by Belgium in the group stages.
England will take on Sweden in the quarterfinals in Samara on Saturday.
WARSAW: Poland is seeing a resurgence of anti-Semitism over pending legislation that would impose jail terms for suggestions that the nation was complicit in the Holocaust, local minority groups warned, as pressure mounts on the president to veto the bill.
Parliament passed the measure on Thursday (Feb 1), drawing outrage from Israel, US criticism and condemnation from a number of international organisations. President Andrzej Duda has 21 days to decide whether to sign it into law.
The bill would impose prison sentences of up to three years for mentioning the term "Polish death camps" and for suggesting "publicly and against the facts" complicity on the part of the Polish nation or state in Nazi Germany crimes.
More than three million of Poland's 3.2 million Jews were murdered by the Nazis, accounting for about half of the Jews killed in the Holocaust. Jews from across Europe were sent to be killed at death camps built and operated by the Germans on Polish soil, including Auschwitz, Treblinka, Belzec and Sobibor.
According to figures from the US Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Nazis also killed at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish civilians.
In a rare show of unity, Polish minority and ethnic groups, including Jewish, Ukrainian and Russian, urged Duda and other authorities to counteract all forms of xenophobia, intolerance and anti-Semitism, although they did not directly call on the president to veto the bill.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Our particular concern and objection is caused by the numerous and loud manifestations of anti-Semitism that we have been witnessing this week after the (parliament) passed (the Holocaust bill)," the groups said in statement.
Poland is one of the most ethnically and religiously homogenous countries in Europe, but before World War II Jews made up 10 per cent of the population and the country also had large Ukrainian, German, Belarussian and other minorities.
Poland's ruling party, the socially conservative PiS, has reignited debate on the Holocaust as part of a campaign to fuel patriotism since sweeping into power in 2015.
The party says the bill is needed to protect Poland's reputation and ensure historians recognise that Poles as well as Jews were victims of the Nazis.
Israeli officials said the legislation criminalises basic historical facts. Critics of the bill have raised concerns it will curb free speech and could potentially be used against Holocaust survivors or historians.
A US congressional task force on combating anti-Semitism and a number of Jewish groups urged Duda to veto the bill.
The International Auschwitz Council, an advisory body to the office of the Polish prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, said on Friday the bill's imprecision raised "legitimate concerns about restricting freedom in discovering the truth about the Holocaust".
Duda has not said whether he would sign the bill, but his spokesman told the Polish state radio Trojka: "The president believes that Poland, as any other country, has the right to defend its good name ... has the right to defend the truth".
Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the chairman of PiS and de facto the country's leader, told the public radio Jedynka on Saturday that Duda should sign the law,
"He should sign it," Kaczynski said. "We must talk to our allies in a way that would allow them to understand that we have no intention of renouncing our dignity."
It sounds counter-intuitive, but you can actually beat the heat with chilli and spice. CNA Lifestyle breaks down the reasons why you should go ahead and order that mala hotpot.
Follow our new CNA LIFESTYLE page on Facebook for more wellness stories and videos
SINGAPORE: Is the blistering heat getting you all hot and bothered? Order up some fiery buldak (spicy Korean chicken), hunt down the spiciest chilli crab you can find, or tick the volcano-hot option on the mala hotpot order chit.
Advertisement
No, our brains haven't been fried by the sun. As counter-intuitive as it sounds, bringing the heat to your mouth is actually a way to cool down.
A MORE LASTING COOL-DOWN
You may be inclined to reach for a cold can of cola, or a tall iced coffee or beer when the mercury rises, but the cooling effect isn't lasting.
Here's why: The human body has a built-in thermostat in the brain called the hypothalamus. It strictly maintains your core temperature at 36.5 degrees Celsius, give or take a degree.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Even when you're in the Sahara Desert or Antarctica, your core temperature simply rises or dips by a mere two to three degrees, said Associate Professor Nigel Taylor from the University of Wollongong's Thermal Physiology Department.
Kimchi to cool you down, anyone? (Photo: Melissa Zhu)
When you drink an ice-cold beverage or eat ice cream, the hypothalamus senses a drastic drop in your internal temperature. And because its job is to maintain things at 36.5 degrees Celsius, it cranks up your body temperature, causing you to feel warmer.
Eating spicy food does the opposite. Receptors in your mouth interprets the capsaicin component in chilli as a chemical action that creates a "hot" burning sensation, said Dr Reuben Wong, a gastroenterologist with Gleneagles Hospital.
And it is this sensation that causes the hypothalamus to counter the perceived temperature rise by increasing blood circulation and making the body sweat.
Scientists call this gustatory sweating, which you'll be familiar with as those beads of perspiration that appear on the forehead, face, scalp, and neck soon after that first serving of sambal belacan.
WHY SUBMIT TO THE BURN?
Other than to feel the burn in the mouth, to make the eyes water, and to work up a sweat, are there other reasons to love chilli? Studies here and here showed that capsaicin may confer some protection from stroke, and cholesterol accumulation that can lead to cardiovascular diseases.
How about a nice refreshing lunch of spicy mala hotpot? (Photo: facebook.com/LongQing.sg)
In fact, a study in the British Medical Journal found that those who ate spicy food six to seven times a week showed a 14 per cent risk reduction in total mortality, compared to those who ate spicy food less than once a week. Eating more spicy food was associated with lower risks of cancer, heart diseases and respiratory disease.
INCREASING YOUR TOLERANCE FOR SPICY FOOD
As for building your tolerance towards capsaicin's burn, you can actually do that. According to experts, capsaicin depletes the sensory function of the neurotransmitter substance P, which transmits pain signals to the brain. So, the more spicy food you eat, the less heat you'll detect and the greater your tolerance for chilli-laden dishes.
Feel the burn, reap the benefits. (Photo: 328 Katong Laksa)
The same may be said of the "ring of fire" some might experience in the toilet after a spicy meal.
"The same receptors that are found in the mouth are also found along the rest of the gastrointestinal tract," said Dr Wong. "So, the same burning sensation in the anus is caused by its action on the same receptors. Ditto for the rest of the gut, where it can trigger abdominal pain and provoke diarrhoea."
But if capsaicin's heat is too much to take, temper it with water or dairy products like milk or yoghurt, said Dr Wong.
Forum Veteran
Joined: Mon Jul 17, 2006 9:45 pm
Posts: 21999
Location: Makes U think, doesn't it?
Billionaire oil trader Marc Rich for the first time talks at length about his private life; his invention of the spot oil market, which made his fortune and changed the world economy; his lucrative and unpublicized dealings with Ayatollah Khomeini's Iran, Fidel Castro's Cuba, war-ravaged Angola, and apartheid South Africa; his quiet cooperation with the Israeli and U.S. governments (even after he was indicted for tax fraud by Rudy Guiliani) and near-comical attempts by U.S. officials to kidnap him illegally.
basically he was trading oil from sanctioned countries.
This 2 min vid explains what he was doing and how.
Eric Braverman (Former Clinton Foundation CEO) has been reported to have requested asylum with the Russian Embassy... leaving a clue of "follow the money". - This could be bullshit, but there hasn't been any word from him in 67 days.
The Braverman vids are George Webb detailing his on-going investigations (I don't know who he is but he seems to be Ex Secret Service). As such you can't just drop into day 67 and expect to understand. Also he's not the best at presenting his findings.
George is no conspiracy theorist, he does provide opinions, but these are all grounded in reported fact. He provides a Google doc with links to all sources. (see notes on youtube vids)
Day 53 is probably the best place to start
The reason I am asking about all of this is I want to get a reasonable viewpoint from someone else. It may well be that this is simply a well constructed but incorrect narrative of known events. Or it could all be true. Everything does seem to fit.
Whatevs, at worst, it's more interesting than a Game of Thrones plot line.
I was half expecting Meta to already be onto this and put me right. It all starts with this bookBillionaire oil trader Marc Rich for the first time talks at length about his private life; his invention of the spot oil market, which made his fortune and changed the world economy; his lucrative and unpublicized dealings with Ayatollah Khomeini's Iran, Fidel Castro's Cuba, war-ravaged Angola, and apartheid South Africa; his quiet cooperation with the Israeli and U.S. governments (even after he was indicted for tax fraud by Rudy Guiliani) and near-comical attempts by U.S. officials to kidnap him illegally.basically he was trading oil from sanctioned countries.This 2 min vid explains what he was doing and how.Eric Braverman (Former Clinton Foundation CEO) has been reported to have requested asylum with the Russian Embassy... leaving a clue of "follow the money". - This could be bullshit, but there hasn't been any word from him in 67 days.The Braverman vids are George Webb detailing his on-going investigations (I don't know who he is but he seems to be Ex Secret Service). As such you can't just drop into day 67 and expect to understand. Also he's not the best at presenting his findings.George is no conspiracy theorist, he does provide opinions, but these are all grounded in reported fact. He provides a Google doc with links to all sources. (see notes on youtube vids)Day 53 is probably the best place to startThe reason I am asking about all of this is I want to get a reasonable viewpoint from someone else. It may well be that this is simply a well constructed but incorrect narrative of known events. Or it could all be true. Everything does seem to fit.Whatevs, at worst, it's more interesting than a Game of Thrones plot line.I was half expecting Meta to already be onto this and put me right.
_________________
~Lander~ wrote: I don't want too many sparkles in this _________________
Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman said Saudi Arabia could be a "major opportunity" for the firm as the country unveiled plans for oil giant Saudi Aramco's US$100 billion initial public offering and introduced a series of reforms to attract foreign capital in 2015.
REUTERS: Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman said Saudi Arabia could be a "major opportunity" for the firm as the country unveiled plans for oil giant Saudi Aramco's US$100 billion initial public offering and introduced a series of reforms to attract foreign capital in 2015.
Gorman, speaking at the bank's financials conference in New York, said he has personally been spending a significant amount of time in Saudi Arabia, as has President Colm Kelleher.
In May, several U.S.-based bank CEOs including Gorman, JPMorgan Chase & Co's Jamie Dimon and Citigroup Inc's Michael Corbat attended a business forum in Saudi Arabia.
Morgan Stanley already has a presence in Saudi Arabia, having set up an office in the region in 2007.
Other banks are scrambling to expand into the country.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Citi received a license from Saudi Arabia's regulator in April for investment banking and capital markets services, and Goldman Sachs Group Inc has applied for a license to trade equities in the kingdom.
The opening of Saudi Arabia is part of a reform agenda to diversify the Saudi economy beyond oil by 2030.
The Saudi stock exchange opened itself to direct investment from foreign entities in mid-2015 and last year loosened restrictions on foreign ownership in its stock market.
(Reporting by Olivia Oran in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
ABC Columbia News Update
Columbia, SC (WOLO) – Here's a look at one of the stories we're following for ABC Columbia News at 11.
MANAMA/DUBAI: At a wake in Iran's holy city of Qom in February, a small group of Bahraini emigres and clerics mourned a young militant killed in a gun battle with Bahrain's security forces.
The eulogy was delivered by an exiled Bahraini cleric who has called for the island's Shi'ite Muslim majority to uproot the Sunni Al Khalifa monarchy in a holy war.
“The choice of resistance is widening and spreading on the ground,” said the cleric, Murtada al-Sanadi, who has been named by the United States as a "specially designated global terrorist" backed by Iran.
The ceremony shines a light on Iran's widening influence over an armed fringe of the opposition in Bahrain, a country with a strategic value that belies its small size. It hosts a U.S. naval base and is a close ally of Saudi Arabia, Iran's main regional rival. A quickening tempo of mostly crude bombing and shooting attacks has accompanied a government crackdown, which culminated last year in the dissolution of the main opposition bloc.
The dead 29-year-old militant, Reda al-Ghasra, was shot and killed when security forces ambushed the speedboat carrying him and fellow fugitives at dawn on February 9. Ghasra had just a few weeks earlier escaped from a prison where he was serving a life sentence for terrorism.
Ghasra's two brothers, both wanted on militant charges, also appeared at his wake in Qom. They played a recorded phone call of Reda saying his boat was on its way. The Bahraini government has asserted he was fleeing to Iran.
A confidential assessment by Bahrain security officials, reviewed by Reuters, names Sanadi as the leader of the Ashtar Brigades, a militant group that has carried out bombings and shootings directed at the kingdom's police. In a statement online, the group hailed Ghasra as a "martyr commander" on his death.
According to the security assessment, Sanadi tasked Ghasra with forming militant cells with Iranian help.
Iran's foreign ministry called Bahraini government accusations that Iran had any role in supporting Sanadi or the Ashtar Brigades in violent acts "baseless and fabricated." Sanadi did not respond to requests for comment.
SUPREME LEADER
An uprising by some in Bahrain's Shi'ite majority was quelled in 2011 with the help of a Saudi intervention.
Low-level protests followed. Clashes with police killed scores of activists and suspected militants, while Bahrain says 24 of its officers have been killed. Most clashes involve youths throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails, but there has been a series of bombings in recent years. Opposition activists say these attacks show that a government crackdown is pushing Shi'ite youths into the arms of extremists.
An analysis of years of statements by Bahrain's public prosecutor on Ashtar Brigades suspects suggests that the group operates in cells of fewer than 10 young men overseen by emigre militants like Sanadi based in Iran.
Recruited on religious pilgrimages or study trips to Iran, Bahrain's prosecutor has said, the suspects were given weapons and explosives training in Iran or neighbouring Iraq. Iran denies the accusation.
Sanadi has powerful allies in Iran, where he has lived since he went into exile in 2012.
The official website of Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei published an editorial by Sanadi in December accusing the U.S. of helping repress Shi'ite activism in Bahrain.
The U.S. State Department put Sanadi on its proscribed "terrorist" list on March 17. His name appears alongside leaders in al Qaeda and Islamic State. The U.S. cited Sanadi's links to the Ashtar Brigades which, it said, "receives funding and support from the Government of Iran."
Bahrain accuses Sanadi of having organised deadly attacks on police and smuggling arms from Iran.
According to Bahraini security dossiers on Ghasra and Sanadi reviewed by Reuters, Bahraini authorities consider the Ashtar Brigades to be the armed wing of Sanadi's Islamic Wafa Movement, a political party that is banned in Bahrain.
Wafa and the Ashtar Brigades did not respond to requests for comment about their relationship. A Wafa party representative contacted by Reuters agreed to relay questions to Sanadi but did not ultimately reply.
Sanadi, the security documents say, receives funding from the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) and commissioned Ghasra to organise the military training of Bahraini militants in Iran by the IRGC and in Iraq by the Hezbollah Brigades militia.
The Ashtar Brigades announced an alliance with the Iran-backed Hezbollah Brigades via an online statement in February.
Sanadi spoke of his relationship with Ghasra in a communication to his followers on messaging app Telegram, dated in March and seen by Reuters. "I found him a lover of (Shi'ites), ready for the highest sacrifice and dedicated to the choice of resistance.”
Ghasra's brother Yasser, speaking to Reuters from Iran, acknowledged that his brother Reda was a fighter but denied he received Iranian help. He declined to comment on links between his brother and Sanadi.
PROUD TO BE AN ENEMY
Speaking to Iranian state TV channel al-Alam in March Sanadi said: "I'm proud that America considers me an enemy."
While not commenting directly on the state department accusations, he said the U.S. was using "so-called terrorism and ... an imaginary danger they claim is coming from the Islamic Republic of Iran" to sell arms to Gulf allies and maintain influence.
Sanadi is the only official of his party to have eluded a long-term jail sentence, though he spent six months behind bars amid 2011 protests on rioting charges.
Six months later he departed legally for Iran.
Chronicling his experiences in a prison manifesto called "Pain and Hope" published in Iran last year, he said he suffered torture and watched fellow detainees killed at the hands of Jordanian and other foreign officers he scorns as "mercenaries."
Bahraini security officials denied to Reuters that Sanadi suffered torture in custody. “There have been isolated abuses which have been investigated and addressed but this is not a systematic phenomenon,” said one official
In January, Sanadi called on Bahrain's opposition to abandon mostly peaceful protests in public squares and to take up arms. "From today and hereafter, the period has changed. We in the Islamic Wafa Movement announce that we have begun a new phase as a tribute to the martyrs: one grip on the squares and one grip on the trigger!" he said in a speech in Qom.
Iran's promotion of Sanadi appears to point to an endorsement of his agenda. Next to an Iranian flag and a banner reading "Death to the House of Saud," referring to Saudi Arabia's rulers, Sanadi delivered a sermon at Friday prayers in the country's most prestigious mosque in Qom in September - an exceptional honour.
Sanadi also took to the main stage at a 2013 conference of Ahl al-Bayt, a Qom-based global fraternity of scholars founded by Khamenei in 1990. The meeting commemorated Bahrain's uprising. "We are truly thankful to the Iranians, especially the leader of all Muslims, Ayatollah Khamenei," Sanadi declared.
For his part, Iran's Supreme Leader in a speech last summer warned that Bahrain government moves against top opposition figures was “removing an obstacle in front of the passionate, heroic Bahraini youth to fight against the ruling system.”
(edited by Janet McBride))
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Russia's military chief warned on Monday that military exercises by Japan, the United States and South Korea aimed at countering North Korea only raise hysteria and create more instability in the region.
TOKYO: Russia's military chief warned on Monday that military exercises by Japan, the United States and South Korea aimed at countering North Korea only raise hysteria and create more instability in the region.
Russian Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces General Valery Gerasimov, issued his warning in Tokyo as the United States, Japan and South Korea began a two-day exercise to practice tracking missiles amid rising tension over North Korea's weapons programmes.
"Carrying out military training in regions surrounding North Korea will only heighten hysteria and make the situation unstable," Gerasimov said at the beginning of a meeting with Japanese Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera.
This week's exercise by the United States and its two Asian allies, in which they will share information on tracking ballistic missiles, comes just days after large-scale drills by U.S. and South Korean forces that North Korea said made the outbreak of war "an established fact".
North Korea says its weapons programmes are necessary to counter U.S. aggression.
On Nov. 29, North Korea test-fired its latest ballistic missile, which it said was its most advanced yet, capable of reaching the mainland United States.
Advertisement
Advertisement
China has also repeatedly called for the United States and South Korea to stop their exercises, which North Korea sees as preparation for an invasion.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang, asked in Beijing about the latest U.S., South Korean and Japanese drills, said the situation was in a vicious cycle that if followed to a conclusion would not be in anyone's interests.
"All relevant parties should do is still to completely, precisely and fully implement the relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions toward North Korea, and do more for regional peace and stability and to get all parties back to the negotiating table. Not the opposite, mutual provocation," Lu said.
'IMPORTANT MEANING'
Gerasimov's visit to Japan is the first by a senior Russian military official in seven years and follows the resumption of "two-plus-two" defence and foreign minister talks in March after Russia annexed Crimea.
Relations between Russia and Japan have been hampered for decades over the ownership of four islands north of Japan's Hokkaido, captured by Soviet forces at the end of World War Two. Japan has declined to sign a formal peace treaty with Russia until the dispute is resolved.
Gerasimov also met Katsutoshi Kawano, the chief of staff of Japan's Self Defence Forces.
China's Defence Ministry said on Monday it had begun a planned joint simulated anti-missile drill with Russia in Beijing, which had "important meaning" for both countries in facing the threat from missiles. It said the exercise was not aimed at any third party.
China and Russia both oppose the development of global anti-missile systems, the ministry added in a statement.
China and Russia both oppose the deployment in South Korea of the advanced U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system.
China in particular fears the system's powerful radar could look deep into its territory, threatening its security.
The United States and South Korea say the system is needed to defend against the threat of North Korean missiles.
It is not clear if this week's exercise by U.S., South Korean and Japanese forces will involve the THAAD system.
(Reporting by Tim Kelly; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard and Michael Martina in BEIJING; Editing by Robert Birsel)
WASHINGTON: A suspected white supremacist's attack on a crowd of protesters using his car as a battering ram fits the definition of domestic terrorism, US Attorney General Jeff Sessions said on Monday (Aug 14).
A woman was killed and 19 people were injured when the car ploughed into a crowd of people Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia after a violent rally by neo-Nazis and white supremacists protesting the removal of a Confederate statue.
The vehicle attack "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," Sessions said in an interview on ABC's Good Morning America programme.
"We are pursuing it in the Department of Justice in every way that we can make a case."
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," he told ABC.
The FBI and federal prosecutors have opened a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the incident, which took place soon after police dispersed a white nationalist rally that erupted into violent clashes with counter-protesters.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The alleged driver, a 20-year-old Ohio man who was said to have had a history of neo-Nazi beliefs, was arrested and faces charges of second-degree murder in the incident.
Of the 19 people injured, 10 remained hospitalised in good condition and nine had been released, the University of Virginia Health System said.
PORT HOPE -
The Architectural Conservancy of Ontario Port Hope branch is celebrating Canada 150 with a tribute to the community's agricultural past — a heritage barn trail throughout the municipality.
Along with the research of the history of the farms where owners have agreed to allow their wonderful old barns to be part of the project, the group has a design team now creating custom-designed barn quilts to hang on the exterior of each.
A barn quilt is original artwork based on the farm and its history, and on classic quilt patterns, created as a durable piece to grace the exterior of the barn.
Design-team member Pamela Tate explained the process on a recent afternoon in Canton, when she was working on the designs with Lois Richardson, Kathryn McHolm, Julie Mavis and Moya McPhail.
The barn quilts are painted on highway-sign-quality plywood, the edges thoroughly coated. The wood comes in four-by-eight-foot sheets, so they are putting together displays in sizes that range from four-foot-square to eight-foot-square.
Designs are painted in exterior-quality house paint for durability. There will be at least three to four layers of that, Tate said, with two top coats of Varathane.
Each barn owner gets to okay the final design, Tate said, and then the finished products will be framed by John Matthews. This involves installing a frame on the back of each piece, beveled strategically so that it will hang securely on the barn. Another team, led by Steve Henderson, will take care of the actual installation.
Mavis recalled that the project began when volunteers set out to take photographs of beautiful barns — some 44 in all. They ascertained who the owners were, and sent letters to invite their involvement.
“Half of them, basically, said, 'We would be delighted,'” Mavis said.
Painting artwork on this scale from designs they create is a challenge, Tate said, and last-minute changes are sometimes necessary.
“This one came in pretty much as I imagined, but that's an exception,” McHolm said of her apple-orchard design.
McHolm is their resident expert on classic quilt designs. The swan design she is working on, for example, is on a flying-geese pattern. She pointed out another design for a farm whose key crop was corn, done in the windmill pattern with large blue vanes.
There are similar programs elsewhere, like the one in nearby Prince Edward County that involves 100 barn quilts. What is unique about the Port Hope project, Tate said, is that each design tells the history of the property where it will hang.
“That makes this process very special and very unique.”
The one for Bill and Penny Harris reflects Harris's Loyalist background — he is a descendant of one of Port Hope's founders, Tate said. The British flag on a classic log-cabin-design background is striking for its simplicity, and the colours suggest land and water.
Corn cobs, animals and trees give a history of their own. But the abstract-looking designs also have a meaning — like the one in the fence pattern that will carry the name of the former name of the farm, Gloriadale.
Every element has meaning, McPhail said. The crossroads pattern represents the intersecting creeks, streams and ponds of the Campbellcroft-Garden Hill area and the meadows among them.
The one planned for McHolm's barn has a centrepiece with a tool design, because it was originally used by a contractor or handyman.
They have one barn that burned down to its foundations in the '30s, after a lightning strike. For the replacement barn that now stands on that site, a lightning bolt figures prominently in the design.
Tate's giant piece for the Darrell and Cindy Osland farm is a perfect example of there being a meaning to every element.
She wanted four animals to be central to the design to represent the four generations of family that have been on the farm since 1910, and she consulted with the Oslands on the selection. The colours she chose to represent harvest, land and sky, but she wasn't completely satisfied. When she added a big circle (echoing the O for Osland), it all came together.
“It's really important to me that the barn owners are really comfortable with these quilts,” Tate said.
“They are going on the barns. They will have to see it everyday. I want them to look at these quilts and feel good, feel enriched for making us part of it.”
McPhail took the lead on involving some young people of the community in the project. She visited North Hope Central Public School with the owners of the two barns for whom they will create designs.
The owners talked about their farms with the students, and what was important to them. McPhail stressed bold, bright geometric designs and colours that related to the history they would be portraying.
In the end, she said, the students themselves will make the final selection of the two designs. They will be be tweaked if necessary, and then executed by the team of artists.
Along with the joy of seeing the finished artwork they helped to create, McPhail said, the project engages them with their community and (it is hoped) engenders a new appreciation for their agricultural heritage.
“We are getting really tremendous support from the community,” Mavis said.
Volunteers are interviewing spokespeople representing each barn to learn their history. Other volunteers are researching at the library and archives. An architect is writing architectural descriptions of each barn. McHolm's team are creating the 25 quilt boards.
Not even counting the students, Mavis figures there are more than 80 people involved, from the 23 farm families participating to the people creating the barn quilts and effecting their installation — which they hope will be in time for Canada Day.
“It is exciting, inclusive and is drawing on all ages and skill levels from a motivated community,” Mavis said.
The ACO has secured sponsorship from Home Hardware, Rona, Henderson Construction and Canton Mill, she listed, among others.
“We have also received generous donations from the Municipality of Port Hope, Applitech Canada, the Bewdley Lions Club, and many private individuals.”
The ACO sees this as a legacy project that will leave a lasting mark — through the visual art and through a brochure that will set up a barn-quilt tour for drivers and cyclists, with a suggested route. Each stop will feature a photo of the barn and its architectural history, and some information on how the quilt design relates to that.
As Mavis sees it, the historic trail winds its way from Margaret Street along the 4th, 5th, 7th Lines to the 9th Line and back again, passing farm -gate businesses down country roads.
“It is a refreshing showcase for our unique countryside,” she said.
cnasmith@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/NT_cnasmith
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as he picks up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University.
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as he picks up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University.
NN California's water managers are carrying out their mid-winter snowpack survey as the winter's dry spell persists.
NN California's water managers are carrying out their mid-winter snowpack survey as the winter's dry spell persists.
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this June 23, 2016 file photo, Paul Rudd attends a special screening of "The Fundamentals of Caring" held at Arclight Cinemas Hollywood in Los Angeles. Actor and screenwriter Rudd will be subject...
CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) - Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd picked up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University on Friday night.
Rudd received the Hasty Pudding honor during a black-tie event. The Boston Globe reported the actor was celebrated in a roast that targeted his "dad face" and his past as a bar mitzvah DJ.
Hasty Pudding said it chose the "Ant-Man" star because his career has spanned many genres, from indies to mainstream films, from heartfelt comedies to superheroes.
He plays the lead in the upcoming "The Catcher Was a Spy," the real-life story of Ivy Leaguer and major league ballplayer Moe Berg, a spy with the forerunner of the CIA during World War II.
"Filming in Fenway was one of the greatest days I've ever had in my life, let alone my acting life," Rudd said Friday. "I'm a baseball fan and was on hallowed ground. To be on the field, wearing the uniform, and playing somebody who is real, which is a new experience for me, was surreal."
Actress Mila Kunis was celebrated as Woman of the Year on Jan. 25, the same day the 223-year-old group, known for comedic revues that feature men in drag playing female characters, said it would allow women to join its cast, starting next year.
Kunis, who has spoken out against sexism in the entertainment industry before, said she was "honored" to have been part of the program during its "year of change."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TOKYO: Toyota Motor Corp's chairman, who led the development of the Toyota Prius, expects the latest plug-in hybrid vehicles (PHVs) will catch on with consumers far more rapidly than the original Prius did.
Known as the "father of the Prius" for his role in popularizing the world's best-selling hybrid car, Takeshi Uchiyamada said he expected to sell 1 million plug-in hybrids in less than 10 years, the time it took for sales of its conventional hybrid vehicles to hit that mark.
"Environmental awareness has become a bigger issue today than it was 20 years ago, and demand for environmentally conscious products has increased," Uchiyamada told reporters at an event to launch the latest plug-in version of the Prius in Japan.
While the technology for plug-ins has developed rapidly, lowering costs, Uchiyamada said he had "no idea" exactly when plug-in sales would hit the 1 million mark. Since launching the original Prius, in 1997, Toyota has developed hybrid versions for around 40 of its models, and has sold a total of 10 million hybrid vehicles globally.
Launching the second generation of the Prius PHV in Japan on Wednesday, Toyota said it expects to sell up to 60,000 worldwide a year, with more than half of the sales coming from Japan.
Toyota set a similar target for the first generation of its plug-in Prius, of which only around 75,000 have been sold since its launch in 2012, largely due to its limited electric range of 26.4 kilometers.
The latest version has a range of 68.2 kilometers according to Japanese standards. Due to a different methodology in measuring a car's electric mode range, the vehicles' range is listed in the United States as around 25 miles (40.2 kms).
Launched as the Prius Prime in North America late last year, the plug-in Prius will be introduced in Europe from March. Uchiyamada declined to comment on plans to offer plug-in versions of other models.
The latest plug-in Prius sees Toyota widely endorsing lithium-ion batteries, marking a turning point for the company which for years had resisted the technology commonly used in all-battery electric vehicles, due to concerns over their cost, size and safety.
While rivals including Nissan Motor Co and Tesla have marketed electric cars for nearly a decade, Toyota has promoted fuel cell-powered vehicles as the most sensible next-generation option to hybrids, although a lack of hydrogen fuelling stations remains a major hurdle for mass consumption.
But as more automakers develop electric cars in response to tightening global emissions regulations, Toyota late last year set up a new division to speed up development of long-range electric cars.
(With additional reporting by Maki Shiraki; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
North Korea's leader has delayed a decision on firing missiles towards Guam while he watches U.S. actions a little longer, the North's state media said on Tuesday, as South Korea's president said Seoul would seek to prevent war by all means.
SEOUL/WASHINGTON: North Korea's leader has delayed a decision on firing missiles towards Guam while he waits to see what the United States does next, the North's state media said on Tuesday, as South Korea's president said Seoul would seek to prevent war by all means.
Signs of an easing in tension on the Korean peninsula helped stock markets rally for a second day running even as the United States and South Korea prepared for more joint military drills and experts warned North Korea could still go ahead with its provocative plan.
In his first public appearance in about two weeks, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un inspected the command of the North's army on Monday, examining a plan to fire four missiles to land near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam, the official KCNA said in a report.
"He said that if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean peninsula and in its vicinity, testing the self-restraint of the DPRK, the latter will make an important decision as it already declared," the report said.
The DPRK stands for North Korea's official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
In photos released with the KCNA report, Kim was seen holding a baton and pointing at a map showing a flight path for the missiles appearing to start from North Korea's east coast, flying over Japan towards Guam. North Korea has often threatened to attack the United States and its bases and released similar photos in the past but never followed through.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Pyongyang's plans to fire missiles near Guam prompted a surge in tensions in the region last week, with U.S. President Donald Trump saying the U.S. military was "locked and loaded" if North Korea acted unwisely.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Tuesday there would be no military action without Seoul's consent and his government would prevent war by all means.
"Military action on the Korean peninsula can only be decided by South Korea and no one else can decide to take military action without the consent of South Korea," Moon said in a speech to commemorate the anniversary of the nation's liberation from Japanese military rule in 1945.
"The government, putting everything on the line, will block war by all means," Moon said.
NUCLEAR DETERRENT
Japan will be seeking further reassurance from Washington in meetings between Japan's defence chief and foreign minister and their U.S. counterparts on Thursday.
"The strategic environment is becoming harsher and we need to discuss how we will respond to that," a Japanese foreign ministry official said in a briefing in Tokyo.
"We will look for the U.S. to reaffirm it defence commitment, including the nuclear deterrent."
The Liberation Day holiday, celebrated by both North and South, will be followed next week by joint U.S.-South Korean military drills sure to anger Pyongyang.
North Korea has persisted with its nuclear and missile programmes, to ward off perceived U.S. hostility, in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions and sanctions.
China, North Korea's main ally and trading partner, has repeatedly urged Pyongyang to halt its weapons programme and at the same time urged South Korea and the United States to stop military drills to lower tensions. On Tuesday, it urged all sides in the standoff to help "put out the fire" and not add to the flames.
China's state-run Global Times said Seoul should play a buffer between the United States and North Korea to prevent a head-on confrontation.
"The drill will definitely provoke Pyongyang more, and Pyongyang is expected to make a more radical response," the paper said in an editorial. "If South Korea really wants no war on the Korean peninsula, it should try to stop this military exercise."
Asian shares rose for a second day on Tuesday and the dollar firmed after Kim's comments further eased tension and prompted investors to move back into riskier assets after a sharp selloff last week.
Kim Dong-yub, a professor and a military expert at Kyungnam University's Institute of Far Eastern Studies in Seoul, urged caution in assuming North Korea was bluffing with its missile threats.
"There is no stepping back for North Korea. Those who don't know the North very well fall into this trap every time (thinking they are easing threats) but we've seen this before."
"TAKE IT OUT"
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce, not a peace treaty.
North Korea is currently holding three U.S. citizens it accuses of espionage or hostile acts but now was not the right time to discuss them, KCNA cited a foreign ministry spokesman as saying in a separate report.
Pyongyang has in the past used detainees to extract concessions, including high-profile visits from the United States, which has no formal diplomatic relations with North Korea.
U.S. officials have in recent days played down the risk of an imminent conflict while stressing their preparedness to respond militarily to any attack from North Korea.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday the U.S. military would know the trajectory of a missile fired from North Korea within moments and would "take it out" if it looked like it would hit the U.S. Pacific territory.
"The bottom line is, we will defend the country from an attack; for us (U.S. military) that is war," Mattis said.
On Guam, home to a U.S. air base, a Navy installation, a Coast Guard group and roughly 6,000 U.S. military personnel, residents expressed some relief at the lessening of tensions.
"I'm reading between the lines that I don't see an imminent threat," Guam Lieutenant Governor Ray Tenorio told a media briefing in the island's capital of Hagatna.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe praised a commitment by Trump that the United States would stand with its allies in the region to counter threats from North Korea.
In a telephone call on Tuesday, Abe also agreed with Trump that their top priority was to do what they could to halt missile launches by the North.
(Additional reporting by Soyoung Kim and Jane Chung in Seoul, Tim Kelly in Tokyo, Ben Blanchard in Beijing and Joseph Campbell in Guam; Writing by Lincoln Feast; Editing by Michael Perry and Nick Macfie)
The black SUV pulled into the StubHub Center complex Sunday afternoon with the most powerful man in sports in the back seat.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell stared out the window, preparing to see the league's smallest stadium for the first time. But before the 27,000-seat venue came into view, the car rolled past the bleachers lining the west side of a 1,200-seat track stadium used for second-division soccer games and college track meets.
“Oh my God,” Goodell gasped, “is that it?”
The scare was only momentary, and Goodell was impressed once he stepped inside the actual StubHub Center, which looks like a sleek NFL stadium through the wrong end of a telescope.
“From a fan standpoint, this is great,” said Goodell, surveying the field from a suite on the concourse level, where he spent much of the first half chatting with sponsors. “You can do things here that you might not be able to do in a larger stadium.”
The announced attendance Sunday was 21,054, a reminder that the Chargers have plenty of work to do. By comparison, the Rams drew announced crowds of 89,140 and 62,888 (distributed) for their exhibition openers against Dallas last year and Saturday. As was the case in those games against the Cowboys, the place felt split, with thousands of fans pulling for the StubHub visitors.
In this case, the Seattle Seahawks glided to a 48-17 victory.
“Nice building, though,” said Seahawks radio analyst Warren Moon, slinging his bag over his shoulder and heading for the team bus. “It looked the same, football-wise, but it felt weird when you didn't see another level of seats up there. Nice cute stadium. But everything else was pretty good about it. Press box wasn't bad, the locker rooms were OK. But it's a soccer stadium.”
Then, after a pause: “They'd better win.”
AEG President Dan Beckerman, whose company owns StubHub Center and the rest of the 125-acre sports complex, sees this as more than a “cute” option. He said the Chargers have spent more than $10 million to meet the NFL's requirements.
The Los Angeles Chargers made their StubHub Center debut with a preseason game against the Seahawks. Reviews from Chargers fans were mixed when asked about the venue. The Los Angeles Chargers made their StubHub Center debut with a preseason game against the Seahawks. Reviews from Chargers fans were mixed when asked about the venue. See more videos
“We've always thought this was an opportunity to do something special and do something unique,” Beckerman said. “It's a way for the Chargers to differentiate themselves in this market in a very intimate setting. We've been talking about it for a really long time.”
That intimacy will be a key selling point for the Chargers, who will play here for the next three seasons while Rams owner Stan Kroenke is constructing his vision in Inglewood, a $2.6-billion palace that will house both teams.
As it stands, neither franchise is a juggernaut. The Rams were 4-12 last year, and the Chargers were 5-11. Both have new, young, dynamic coaches and their share of marquee players. Both will be elbowing for attention behind USC football until the NFL regains a true foothold in the market.
The Chargers, who spent the past 55 years in San Diego, are looking to leave a mark in their new city — in part by paying for team-themed tattoos. During a 12-hour window this Tuesday, from 1 p.m. to 1 a.m. — the team will foot the bill for anyone who wants to get inked with one of an array of Chargers tattoos at the Shamrock Social Club in West Hollywood.
“It's just one way to show our appreciation for the fans, and to let them know that we're always thinking creatively about how they can put their hand up and say they love the Chargers,” said Jeffrey Pollack, a Chargers special advisor.
There are no plans, Pollack said, to pay for removal of Raiders tattoos.
The indelible impressions Sunday were about the setting. For many, if not most in the crowd, this was their first glimpse of NFL football in a venue that's less than half the size of every other stadium in the league.
“This is NFL 3-D,” said Marcellus Wiley, an ESPN analyst and commentator on KABC's pregame show along with former San Diego Chargers teammate Shawne Merriman. “I'm excited about the players just to have something different, a way to interact with the fans.”
It isn't just the fans paying attention to the players, Wiley said, the players — even though they might act cavalier — are paying attention to the fans.
“During pregame warmups, they wear the headphones to try to pretend that they're not listening,” he said. “But they're really listening. They know when you scream out their name. The energy is contagious. I'm feeding off of you, you're feeding off of me.”
Lopsided loss notwithstanding, Merriman sees the L.A. market as ripe for the picking.
“The Chargers win three or four games to get this thing started, and you won't be able to get a ticket to this place,” he said.
That's easier said than done for a team that has gone 9-23 the past two seasons, but the Chargers do have the advantage of three home games in their first four weeks.
Simi Valley's Dave Coleman is ready to give the L.A. Chargers a try. He was a Rams fan before they moved to St. Louis in 1995, then switched allegiances to the Chargers and had season tickets in San Diego the past couple of seasons. When the Rams moved back last year, Coleman bought season tickets to watch those games at the Coliseum. But he said the Chargers' customer service, and the allure of games at StubHub, won him over.
“It's L.A., people are fickle, they love a winner,” he said. “I love the fact that I can go to an NFL game with my kids, in this environment.”
Of course, he and other newly minted Chargers fans will be looking for a different outcome when the games actually count.
“L.A. demands one of two things,” Wiley said. “Win. Or lose, but be entertaining.”
sam.farmer@latimes.com
Follow Sam Farmer on Twitter @LATimesfarmer
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
- Advertisement -
Swansea manager Paul Clement has hailed Manchester City as the best side in the Premier League, but feels Pep Guardiola's men can be frustrated.
City visit the Liberty Stadium on Wednesday night after their 2-1 Manchester derby victory on Sunday which opened up a 11-point lead at the top of the table.
Clement's Swans side will enter the contest after a crucial 1-0 home victory over West Brom on Saturday.
Speaking about Sunday and looking ahead to City's arrival, Clement said: “I enjoyed the day very much, knowing we got a much-needed result but also to sit down and watch both of those derbies [Liverpool 1-1 Everton and the Manchester derby].
“I was intrigued by both of the games. After we play City we play Everton so I was very keen to see that. I enjoyed United and City for lots of different reasons. City were excellent and deserved to win and be top of table based on form.
“We are playing without question the best team in the league at this point. They showed that, showed they can win in lots of different ways against teams lower down the table.
“Recently against Huddersfield, West Ham, Southampton they had to dig in and find winning goals in the last five or six minutes.
“They are the best team in the Premier League, I believe, but let's see what happens. They had to put a lot of physical and mental energy into that derby and we have had one more day advantage.
“We're the team at home, we've just come off the back end of a win, of course, we expect a difficult game but we're going to give them a difficult game. I think we'll see some changes but I don't see many. I think Aguero coming into the team would be an obvious one,” Clement added.
Despite many teams immediately going on the defensive against Guardiola's side, Clement is confident the Swans will be able to fashion opportunities when the chance arises.
- Advertisement -
“We know we will have significant periods where we don't have the ball. We have shown we can defend for long periods, keeping concentration and our positions and frustrating teams,” said Clement.
“I'm not saying we are going to defend for 90 minutes, we are going to try to create some opportunities and attack with the ball.”
When asked whether he expects the home fans to be patient when they see his approach on Wednesday, Clement replied: “I think they will be, they're fans who watch other teams play and they see what Man City are doing at the moment.”
The fixture will see striker Wilfried Bony come up against his former club at perhaps the most ideal time.
After struggling for form and consistency since sealing his return to the Liberty, the Ivorian is back among the goals and was the match winner as the Swans took a crucial three points at the expense of the Baggies.
For Clement, things are slotting back into place now for the 29-year-old, with his fitness levels high and training ground work paying off.
“In terms of motivation he's at about the 11 out of 10 level right now,” said Clement.
“He's in that part of his career where he left here he did so well, but then went to City and didn't get to the level he would have liked, same at Stoke, so he's got a point to prove to lots of people. I think step by step you can see he's getting fitter and sharper and now the goals are starting to come as well.
“[It was a] great early finish against Stoke, really top class and a striker's goal. What a big moment [for him] to score on Saturday [against West Brom]. The stage the game was at and the pressure on us, it was absolutely clinical,” Clement added.
Neural networks, which learn to perform computational tasks by analyzing huge sets of training data, have been responsible for the most impressive recent advances in artificial intelligence, including speech-recognition and automatic-translation systems.
During training, however, a neural net continually adjusts its internal settings in ways that even its creators can't interpret. Much recent work in computer science has focused on clever techniques for determining just how neural nets do what they do.
In several recent papers, researchers from MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) and the Qatar Computing Research Institute have used a recently developed interpretive technique, which had been applied in other areas, to analyze neural networks trained to do machine translation and speech recognition.
They find empirical support for some common intuitions about how the networks probably work. For example, the systems seem to concentrate on lower-level tasks, such as sound recognition or part-of-speech recognition, before moving on to higher-level tasks, such as transcription or semantic interpretation.
But the researchers also find a surprising omission in the type of data the translation network considers, and they show that correcting that omission improves the network's performance. The improvement is modest, but it points toward the possibility that analysis of neural networks could help improve the accuracy of artificial intelligence systems.
“In machine translation, historically, there was sort of a pyramid with different layers,” says Jim Glass, a CSAIL senior research scientist who worked on the project with Yonatan Belinkov, an MIT graduate student in electrical engineering and computer science. “At the lowest level there was the word, the surface forms, and the top of the pyramid was some kind of interlingual representation, and you'd have different layers where you were doing syntax, semantics. This was a very abstract notion, but the idea was the higher up you went in the pyramid, the easier it would be to translate to a new language, and then you'd go down again. So part of what Yonatan is doing is trying to figure out what aspects of this notion are being encoded in the network.”
The work on machine translation was presented recently in two papers at the International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing. On one, Belinkov is first author, and Glass is senior author, and on the other, Belinkov is a co-author. On both, they're joined by researchers from the Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI), including Lluís Màrquez, Hassan Sajjad, Nadir Durrani, Fahim Dalvi, and Stephan Vogel. Belinkov and Glass are sole authors on the paper analyzing speech recognition systems, which Belinkov presented at the Neural Information Processing Symposium last week.
Leveling down
Neural nets are so named because they roughly approximate the structure of the human brain. Typically, they're arranged into layers, and each layer consists of many simple processing units — nodes — each of which is connected to several nodes in the layers above and below. Data are fed into the lowest layer, whose nodes process it and pass it to the next layer. The connections between layers have different “weights,” which determine how much the output of any one node figures into the calculation performed by the next.
During training, the weights between nodes are constantly readjusted. After the network is trained, its creators can determine the weights of all the connections, but with thousands or even millions of nodes, and even more connections between them, deducing what algorithm those weights encode is nigh impossible.
The MIT and QCRI researchers' technique consists of taking a trained network and using the output of each of its layers, in response to individual training examples, to train another neural network to perform a particular task. This enables them to determine what task each layer is optimized for.
In the case of the speech recognition network, Belinkov and Glass used individual layers' outputs to train a system to identify “phones,” distinct phonetic units particular to a spoken language. The “t” sounds in the words “tea,” “tree,” and “but,” for instance, might be classified as separate phones, but a speech recognition system has to transcribe all of them using the letter “t.” And indeed, Belinkov and Glass found that lower levels of the network were better at recognizing phones than higher levels, where, presumably, the distinction is less important.
Similarly, in an earlier paper, presented last summer at the Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, Glass, Belinkov, and their QCRI colleagues showed that the lower levels of a machine-translation network were particularly good at recognizing parts of speech and morphology — features such as tense, number, and conjugation.
Making meaning
But in the new paper, they show that higher levels of the network are better at something called semantic tagging. As Belinkov explains, a part-of-speech tagger will recognize that “herself” is a pronoun, but the meaning of that pronoun — its semantic sense — is very different in the sentences “she bought the book herself” and “she herself bought the book.” A semantic tagger would assign different tags to those two instances of “herself,” just as a machine translation system might find different translations for them in a given target language.
The best-performing machine-translation networks use so-called encoding-decoding models, so the MIT and QCRI researchers' network uses it as well. In such systems, the input, in the source language, passes through several layers of the network — known as the encoder — to produce a vector, a string of numbers that somehow represent the semantic content of the input. That vector passes through several more layers of the network — the decoder — to yield a translation in the target language.
Although the encoder and decoder are trained together, they can be thought of as separate networks. The researchers discovered that, curiously, the lower layers of the encoder are good at distinguishing morphology, but the higher layers of the decoder are not. So Belinkov and the QCRI researchers retrained the network, scoring its performance according to not only accuracy of translation but also analysis of morphology in the target language. In essence, they forced the decoder to get better at distinguishing morphology.
Using this technique, they retrained the network to translate English into German and found that its accuracy increased by 3 percent. That's not an overwhelming improvement, but it's an indication that looking under the hood of neural networks could be more than an academic exercise.
REUTERS: Genentech, a unit of Swiss drugmaker Roche Holding AG, said on Monday it got approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for its already approved immunotherapy drug, Tecentriq, to treat advanced bladder cancer.
Tecentriq, also known as atezolizumab, received the go-ahead under the FDA's accelerated approval program as a first-line treatment for patients with advanced bladder cancer who are not eligible for standard cisplatin chemotherapy.
The drug was earlier approved in patients with advanced or metastatic bladder cancer whose disease worsened within a year of receiving chemotherapy.
The approval, which came six months after the FDA approved Tecentriq for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer, is a boost to the Swiss drugmaker's bid to expand indications for the drug.
Tecentriq belongs to a closely watched class of drugs called PD-1 inhibitors, which help the immune system fight cancer by blocking a mechanism that tumors use to evade attack.
Bladder cancer is the fifth most commonly diagnosed cancer in the United States, according to the Bladder Cancer Advocacy Network.
(Reporting by Divya Grover in Benagluru; Editing by Peter Cooney)
The lips, the hair, the brows…
KYLIE JENNER is something of an enigma – ever since she burst onto the celebrity scene at the age of nine, (YES NINE!) when Keeping up with the Kardashian's first began she's been the talk of town, but also something of an underdog.
When the show first started, Kylie was just a baby and naturally it was Kim who stole the limelight but over the years as Kylie has grown up (she just turned 20 fyi), she's become a celebrity in her own right, an entrepreneur and now has her very own TV series; ‘Life of Kylie'
And that's not all, it was reported last week that she could be on track to become a Billionaire by 2022 thanks to her booming cosmetics company, Kylie Cosmetics…
Twenty 🎀 #birthdaycollection A post shared by Kylie Cosmetics (@kyliecosmetics) on Aug 11, 2017 at 1:29pm PDT
She's rich, she has her own company, over 96 million followers on Instagram and is showing no signs of slowing down. However, there's still another part of Kylie Jenner's life that we're absolutely obsessed with; and that's how her appearance has changed over the last seven years. Obviously she was just a child when she was first thrust into the limelight and of course people change as they grow up. But Kylie's face seems to have changed an awful lot of the last few years – most noticeably, her lips which are now twice the size they once were…
SEE: KYLIE JENNER'S 7 HAIRSTYLES IN 7 DAYS!
We're so fascinated by her changing face that we've put together a gallery of how it's changed over the years – the only thing she's admitted to having is temporary lip fillers so we'll leave the photos here so you can decide for yourself.
Copyright
All rights reserved © 2009-2017 Colleen Brown aka: Chatter Master aka: colleenbrowntkd aka: bikecolleenbrown. Unless otherwise noted all sketches are from my very own hand with the help of a pen. All photography is my own unless otherwise noted. Any photography incorrectly labeled will be correctly credited if notified.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Why does all of the discussion around potential options for WHOIS in the era of the EU's GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) feel like déjà vu?
Is it because issues around WHOIS never really go away, and become a hot topic every few years?
Is it because no one is really happy with the current system? Privacy advocates would be delighted to do away with it altogether, while business and Intellectual Property professionals press for improvements to accuracy and availability, which I fully support.
Is it because the notion of tiered-access was first socialized back in 2013 by the Expert Working Group on gTLD Directory Services when they proposed "a new system in which gTLD registration data is collected, validated and disclosed for permissible purposes only, with some data elements being accessible only to authenticated requestors that are then held accountable for appropriate use."
At that time, the idea of completely overhauling the existing WHOIS system seemed like a monumental task — one that would be complex and time-consuming. Case-in-point, Verisign's move to Thick WHOIS which was directed by the ICANN Board of Directors in early 2014 is still in process.
Yet here we are, just eight months away from when the EU's GDPR will take effect, and it seems as though no one really knows how it will impact WHOIS. For thin registries, will European registrars (or those with European registrants) simply stop making WHOIS info available, or will they provide limited WHOIS information? Or will privacy/proxy become the standard? Will ICANN require European registries (or those with registrants in the EU) to complete an RSEP (Registry Service Evaluation Process) so that they can comply with the new regulation? Will the requirements for making WHOIS available change for every registrar and registry, not just those in the EU? Will registrars and registries have enough time to implement these changes? What kind of guidance will ICANN provide? The list of questions I could pose could easily go on, and the more I think about it, the more concerned I become.
All that said, there is no question that the upcoming rollout of the GDPR represents the most significant change to privacy policy in decades, yet it's increasingly clear that the impact to publicly available WHOIS data is up in the air with just eight months to go. Fortunately, there is some time left, and I am hopeful that the ICANN community can work together at the upcoming meeting in Abu Dhabi to quickly identify a path forward. We really have no other option - time waits for no one, not even ICANN.
By Elisa Cooper, SVP Marketing and Policy at Brandsight, Inc.
Related topics: DNS, Domain Names, ICANN, Internet Governance, Policy & Regulation, Privacy, Whois
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates had intentions to invade Qatar at the beginning of a diplomatic crisis that erupted in June, according to Qatar's defence minister.
In an interview with the Washington Post on Friday, Khalid bin Mohammad Al Attiyah said his Gulf neighbours have “tried everything” to destabilise the country, but their intentions to invade were “diffused” by Qatar.
“They have intentions to intervene militarily,” said Attiyah.
When asked to confirm whether he thought such a threat still existed today, he responded: “We have diffused this intention. But at the beginning of the crisis, they had this intention.
“They tried to provoke the tribes. They used mosques against us. Then they tried to get some puppets to bring in and replace our leaders.”
Attiyah, who met US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis last week during a visit to Washington, DC, described the beginning of the crisis by the Saudi-led bloc as an “ambush” that was “miscalculated”.
In June 2017, Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and Egypt and Bahrain cut off diplomatic relations with Qatar and imposed a land, sea and air blockade after accusing it of supporting “terrorism” and “extremism”.
Qatar has strongly denied the allegations.
Attiyah said Qatar is the only country that has signed a memorandum of understanding with the US to counterterrorism in the region – namely in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Syria.
He stressed the need for open dialogue as a means to end the ongoing crisis.
Asked about Doha's relations with Saudi's rival, Iran, Attiyah noted that Qatar maintains “friendly relations with everyone”.
“We are responsible for the supply of [an enormous amount] of the world's energy. We have to have a smooth flow of energy, and that means we have to eliminate having enemies,” he said, referring to the country's shared oilfield with Iran.
According to Attiyah, the Saudi-led bloc had planned to replace Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani with a new leader.
“They put their puppet, [Sheikh Abdullah bin Ali Al Thani, a relative of a former Qatari emir], on TV,” he said of the “failed” attempt.
“They can't do anything. The Qatari people love their emir.”
On January 14, Sheikh Abdullah released a video statement, saying he was a “prisoner” in the UAE, and that if anything happened to him, “Sheikh Mohammed” is responsible.
While he did not specify, Abdullah appeared to be referring to Abu Dhabi's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan.
Days later, he was hospitalised in Kuwait. Later, reports emerged he threatened suicide.
The chair of the International Amateur Radio Union Region 1 (IARU R1) VHF-UHF-µW Committee, Jacques Verleijen, ON4AVJ, has highlighted extant threats to the Amateur Radio spectrum above 30 MHz. In an editorial that heads the latest edition of the IARU R1 VHF-UHF-µW Newsletter, issued on May 29, Verleijen invited all IARU member-societies to consider ways to “promote, defend, and use our frequencies.”
“They are wanted by others, both government and commercial users,” Verleijen wrote. “So, this is a wake-up call to be aware that if we are not using those bands, we will lose them.” If that happens, he continued, it won't be the fault of IARU R1, but of the amateur community that “often [has] more commitment to HF” than to VHF and higher bands. Conceding that the HF bands “are the easiest to use,” Verleijen said member-societies should think outside the box to come up with ideas to improve VHF, UHF, and microwave activity.
Verleijen said the vast amount of Amateur Radio spectrum from 50 MHz through 5 GHz makes it an attractive target for commercial and governmental interests. He noted that 50 MHz is the focus of a key World Radiocommunication Conference 2019 (WRC-19) agenda item —specifically, to harmonize the 6-meter allocation across all three ITU Regions.
“It would be unfortunate to see a repeat of the WRC-15 result for 5 MHz, where high hopes and years of hard work actually resulted in a few kilohertz at 15 W [EIRP] max,” Verleijen continued. A repeat of that situation on 6 meters could mean a “far more devastating” loss of existing spectrum and future opportunities for digital innovation.
The 2.3 GHz and 3.4 GHz bands are highly sought after for commercial wireless, Verleijen said, pointing out that the UK recently auctioned large segments of 2.3 and 3.4 GHz spectrum once available to Amateur Radio, “threatening significant activities from narrowband/Earth-Moon-Earth to DATV (digital amateur TV).”
Two WRC-19 agenda items affect 5 GHz, focusing on Wi-Fi and so-called “intelligent transport.” Amateur Radio, as a secondary service, faces another difficult challenge in this part of the spectrum and has “little influence over its direction,” Verleijen contended. In IARU Region 1, the primary concern is the expansion of Wi-Fi into 5,725 – 5,850 MHz.
“[O]ur preoccupation with traditional or [narrowband] modes does not justify the amount of spectrum,” he said, noting that “some activity levels are quite low” outside of contests.
“Ideally, we need genuine open innovation and to show amateurs leading in the 21st century,” Verleijen said. “Pressures on amateur bands are nothing new, but we know that the spectrum pressures above are not helped by poor engagement, relationships, or lack of a united approach” in some member-societies, with respect to their administrations.
“[P]lease also remember, ‘united we stand, divided we fall,' and be aware and proactive,” he concluded.
Bhubaneswar: Chief Minister Patnaik on Monday said that the Maoist situation in at least eight districts of Odisha continues to “remain challenging” even as there has been a substantial improvement in the situation in other districts.
Relying to Congress member Naba Kishore Das in the Assembly on Monday, Patnaik named the eight districts as Malkangiri, Koraput, Kalahandi, Kandhamal, Rayagada, Bolangir, Bargarh and Angul.
The chief minister told the Assembly that as many as 13 districts were hit by the Left Wing Extremism (LWE) violence since 2007 which included Malkangiri, Rayagada, Koraput, Nabarangpur, Gajapati, Kandhamal, Mayurbhanj, Sambalpur, Deogarh, Keonjhar, Sundergarh, Jajpur and Dhenkanal.
However, Patnaik said the LWE situation in Gajapati, Keonjhar, Mayurbhanj, Sambalpur, Nuapada, Bodh, Nayagarh, Deogarh and Sundergarh has been brought under control.
He said there have been no incidents of Maoist violence reported from Jajpur, Dhenkanal, Nabarangpur and Ganjam districts so far.
Patnaik, while making a statement in the Assembly on December 8, had said there was substantial improvement in the LWE scenario in the state.
The state has, meanwhile, requested the Centre to deploy more armed central forces in areas prone to Maoist violence.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from St. Mary Now. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
A Tunisian man “blew himself up” on Monday as he was being chased by police in the southern region of Ben Guerdane, the interior ministry said.
Interior ministry spokesman Khalifa Chibani told AFP the National Guard had received information concerning “two male suspects” in the region bordering Libya.
They tracked them in the Magroun region near a nature reserve and tried to arrest them but “one of them blew himself up,” he said.
“The other suspect was armed with a Kalashnikov” assault rifle and opened fire on the police but there were no injuries, he said.
He said the chase was still underway, without giving further details.
Since its 2011 revolution, Tunisia has faced a jihadist insurgency responsible for the deaths of dozens of soldiers, police, civilians and foreign tourists.
Tunisia has been under a state of emergency since November 2015, when a suicide bombing in Tunis claimed by the Islamic State jihadist group killed 12 presidential guards.
The last major attacks were a series of deadly operations in 2015 and an IS offensive into the town of Ben Guerdane in March 2016.
Thousands of Tunisians have joined jihadist groups fighting in Iraq, Syria and neighbouring Libya.
Much as I respect the fine folks who are putting on the Dr. Joanne Conaway show, these funny things called “feelings” get in the way of my listening. Even though they feel they are doing right, I can't help feeling that Joyce's legacy has been tossed in the dumpster.
I can't bring myself to listen to the Conaway show, as a result. (Please note, Ted and sponsors.)
Italian Wikipedia Blacks Out in Protest of EU's New Copyright Directive, NordVPN comments on EU's Copyright Directive
July 2018 by NordVPN
EU lawmakers are planning to pass an obscure Copyright Directive that might have a massive impact on how Europeans use the internet. There are many objections against the directive, including Italian Wikipedia's that blacked out on Tuesday in protest. The online encyclopedia says the Copyright Directive will severely restrict internet freedom.
The Copyright Directive claims to protect intellectual property and includes regulating the illegal streaming and downloading of pirated movies and music.
“The general intention of the directive is well meaning. However, the vague wording of the law means that it may be applied to an extremely broad range of cases,” said Ruby Gonzales, Communications Director at NordVPN. “For instance, the Copyright Directive may extend the rights of publishers to charge for the snippets of news articles that appear under search results. It is also going to force websites to scan all content being uploaded – to YouTube and elsewhere – and automatically block anything that might infringe copyright.”
AI filters that all websites will have to implement are very bad at detecting the nuanced difference between plagiarism and the concept of fair use, satire, or derivative works.
"If this Directive passes, we may lose the ability to share an article on Facebook or find it via Google. In fact, Wikipedia might have to close down,” said Ruby Gonzalez. NordVPN encourages internet users to visit savetheinternet.info to sign their petition and see what the next step could be in defeating this proposal.
Senator Aliyu Wamakko, the chairman of the Northern Senators' Forum, has said that Nigeria has been making steady progress in the last 19 years of uninterrupted democratic rule.
The Senator, who represents Sokoto North Senatorial District, spoke in Sokoto on Tuesday when he commented on the 2018 Democracy Day celebration.
He said, ‘‘although it is a matter of opinion, the truth is that, we are making progress. Nigeria had successfully transited from a civilian administration to another civilian administration.
”This enviable feat was happily recorded without any attempt for military incursion as against what obtained hitherto. ”
According to him, Nigerians also now has the opportunity to bare their minds on what is being done right or wrong, at all levels.
Wamakko, however, acknowledged that, the speed of the progress may be slow, yet, myriad of achievements have been recorded.
He stated that, a lot of tangible services were being rendered in the areas of roads infrastructure and schools, among others.
The lawmaker further disclosed, ”We are working hard to ensure that all Trunk A road in the North get the required attention they deserve.
”The 2018 budget has a lot of packages for the North. Work is going progressively on Sokoto-Jega-Yauri to Kontagora, as well as Sokoto-Gusau to Funtua-Zaria roads,” he sated.
Wamakko, however, noted that, more needed to be done to further improve the living standard of Nigerians.
Bhubaneswar: Sanjay Leela Bhansali's magnum opus Padmaavat which portrays the epic love story of Maharawal Ratan Singh and Rani Padmini would have remained incomplete without the help of Gajapati of the erstwhile Kalinga (Odisha).
According to Bhansali, the film is based on Malik Muhammad Jayasi's poem ‘Padmaavat' penned in 1540 in Awadhi. After having a quick read of its original version it could be recognized that Odisha plays an important role in taking their story forward.
The English translation of the poem by AG Shirreff, published by the Royal Asiatic Society of Bengal in 1944, clearly mentions the words Orissa and Gajapati (referring to the king of Kalinga).
The original version of the poem mentions the talkative parrot of Singhal Kingdom who narrates the story of Chittor ruler Maharawal Ratan Singh and the charming beauty of Rani Padmini. The parrot also guides him in finding the route to Singhal in pursuit of Padmini.
Ratan Singh then meets the Gajapati and requests him for help to reach the island of Singhal. The Gajapati agrees to help but cautions the king of Chittor, who is too consumed by love to pay heed to the lurking dangers on the road to Singhal.
Thus, the Gajapati played his part in uniting the two lovers.
And Ann was not very happy...
Celebrity Big Brother finished on a high on Friday evening as drag queen Courtney Act – aka Shane Jenek – was crowned the winner.
Hooray!
But it was runner-up Ann Widdecombe who really got fans talking after she sat down for a chat with host Emma Willis – and things became very awkward very quickly…
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
In amongst talk about the former MP's time in the house, Emma asked Ann: ‘How will you think you're going to fare now going back to just you with your lovely cats that you adore?'
‘Well I don't have any cats that's misinformation,' Anne snapped back. Before adding: ‘I used to but they died.'
Okay… And after some rather awkward giggling, Emma then joked: ‘Now I feel awful because I just mentioned her dead cats.'
More: Celebrity Big Brother 2018 fans left baffled after spotting THIS bizarre task fail: ‘What cheapskates!'
Things only got worse when 41-year-old Emma went to ask a question she ‘already knew the answer to', and Ann hit back: ‘So why bother asking it?' Poor Emma…
Obviously it didn't take fans long to pick up on the uncomfortable moment, as one viewer tweeted: ‘Emma and her high levels of research, are you looking forward to seeing your cats, Ann: their all dead.'
Another wrote: ‘Ann: “I don't have cats. You've been misinformed… I had cats. They died” I AM DYING!'
And they weren't the only ones…
Unfortunately Emma faced even more criticism from the Tory MP when she asked her whether she'd ever change her conservative opinions on homosexuality, to which Ann hit back: ‘No change.'
Before adding: ‘You could try a different line of questioning and you might get a different response. But if you stick with this you're going to get no no no.'
Clearly taken aback by the CBB housemate, Emma replied: ‘Well maybe I'll get some interviewing tips from you in future.'
Okay, we think we need a lie down after that…
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
They were convicted and sentenced before the interpretation of section 409 of the Penal Code was changed last year, says Law Minister K Shanmugam.
SINGAPORE: The public prosecutor does not intend to file any applications in respect of three directors currently serving time for criminal breach of trust (CBT), despite a recent ruling excluding the embezzling City Harvest Church (CHC) leaders from receiving similar punishment.
“All three had pleaded guilty under section 409. They were convicted and sentenced before the High Court changed the interpretation of the law regarding section 409 of the Penal Code,” Law Minister K Shanmugam explained in Parliament on Tuesday (Mar 20).
Section 409 of the Penal Code concerns heavier punishments for certain groups of CBT offenders, and includes life imprisonment.
Last year the High Court ruled that “agents” as defined by Section 409 does not include the following: Directors of corporations, governing board members, key officers of charities or officers of societies.
It thus could not be applied to the CHC leaders who misused over S$50 million of funds in a fraud designed to embellish the pop music ventures of Ho Yeow Sun, the wife of church founder Kong Hee.
Kong, Chew Eng Han, John Lam, Sharon Tan, Tan Ye Peng and Serina Wee could only be convicted and sentenced under section 406 instead, which carries up to seven years in jail.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mr Shanmugam told the House that the three directors convicted and sentenced under section 409 are presently on community-based programmes - including home detentions - and scheduled for release in a few weeks, between May and June this year.
“There are in fact 15 persons currently serving sentences for section 409 offences,” he clarified. “Of these 15 persons, three were ... directors. The remaining 12 who comprise eight professional agents of one sort or another – insurance agents and so on – one attorney, and three public servants.
“The 12, as I explained yesterday, they are not affected by the ruling of ‘directors'.”
Mr Shanmugam was referring to his response to a parliamentary question on Monday, where in similar fashion he noted that the 12 “were convicted, sentenced before the High Court reviewed and changed the interpretation of the law regarding section 409, and the Public Prosecutor does not intend to file any applications in respect of them”.
On Sept. 27, President Donald Trump presented his tax proposal at the Indiana Farm Bureau Building. In his speech, Trump said, "To protect millions of small businesses and the American farmer, we are finally ending the crushing, the horrible, the unfair estate tax, or as it is often referred to, the death tax.
"That means, especially for all of you with small businesses that are really tremendous businesses, you'll be able to leave them to your family, and your family won't have to run out and do a fire sale to try and get the money to pay the tax — lose the business, ends up going out of business. All of those jobs are lost.
"The farmers, in particular, are affected. They have wonderful farms, but they can't pay the tax, so they have to sell the farm. The people that buy it doesn't run it with love. They can't run it the same way, and it goes out. So that death tax is a disaster for this country, and a disaster for so many small businesses and farmers, and we're getting rid of it."
The National Cattlemen's Beef Association has been working diligently to eliminate the death tax. In a recent campaign, the organization has created videos of beef producers who have been impacted by this tax. So far, the videos have been viewed 317,000 times and have reached more than 590,000 people on Facebook.
In the fourth video of the campaign, rancher Pete Bonds, owner of Bonds Ranches in Saginaw, Texas said, "Most ranchers, 90-plus percent of their assets is land. That land is not very liquid. And if at my death, if we had not done anything, the kids would have had to come up with several million dollars to pay the death tax. We don't have that amount of money just sitting around."
Bonds added that investing in estate planning and legal fees to prevent his family from having to go through this upon his death has been a huge burden.
Recommended Stories For You
"You know, that's a waste," he said "It's costing us tens of thousands of dollars a year to do this. We spent several hundred thousand dollars getting a limited liability partnership set up. And went through not only appraisals but the appraisals of the appraisals. We spent about as much money getting this stuff into the kid's names, as my dad paid for this damn ranch."
Evaluating Trump's proposal, it looks like we're that much closer to the repeal of this monumental tax burden.
Following Trump's presentation for his comprehensive tax reform legislation, Craig Uden NCBA president praised the president saying, "Our nation's cattle producers are very pleased that President Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have maintained their long-standing commitment to American agriculture by including a full repeal of the onerous death tax in the Unified Framework for Fixing Our Broken Tax Code.
"Also, current provisions in the tax code that help livestock producers maintain economically viable businesses and support the success of future generations of farmers and ranchers must be preserved. Stepped-up basis, cash accounting, like-kind exchanges, cost recovery, and the deductibility of interest payments are just a handful of the provisions that allow agricultural producers to survive despite the many challenges we face, from market volatility and fluctuating input prices, to droughts, wildfires, and floods, to the challenge of generational transfers. We'll closely monitor these provisions as more details on legislative language become available, and intend to fight tooth and nail for a tax code that supports America's beef producers."
This is good news for the ranching community, and here's hoping with the cooperation of Congress, we'll receive meaningful tax reform that will benefit family-owned businesses in working class America.❖
WASHINGTON: Defence Secretary Jim Mattis vowed on Wednesday (Jun 14) that the Trump administration would not repeat the "mistakes of the past" in dealing with Afghanistan, after the president gave him the power to set troop levels in the war-torn country.
Mattis said the "delegation of authority" letting the Pentagon set troop levels in Afghanistan would give the military greater agility in conducting operations.
Unlike his predecessor Barack Obama, who kept battlefield commanders on a tight leash and scrutinised each deployment down to the individual soldier, President Donald Trump has been happy to defer his warfighting policy to his top brass - the men he likes to call "my generals."
Battlefield commanders under Obama often felt hampered by seemingly arbitrary troop caps.
Currently about 8,400 US troops are in Afghanistan along with another 5,000 or so NATO forces.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"This administration will not repeat the mistakes of the past," Mattis said in a statement.
"We cannot allow Afghanistan to once again become a launching point for attacks on our homeland or on our allies," Mattis said. He was alluding to the former Taliban government's granting haven to Al-Qaeda in the run-up to the September 11, 2011 terror attacks in New York and Washington.
Earlier, Mattis told lawmakers that he would present Trump with a new US military strategy for Afghanistan by mid-July.
American military commanders in Afghanistan and the surrounding region have requested thousands of additional boots on the ground for months to boost the NATO troop presence there.
"Together in the inter-agency, we will define the way ahead and I will set a US military commitment consistent with the commander in chief's strategic directions and his foreign policy, as dictated by Secretary of State Tillerson," Mattis told lawmakers during a hearing at the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Mattis said the decision would come in consultation with other US government agencies in a more comprehensive approach to the conflict.
Prior to the White House decision, Mattis had warned that the Taliban was surging - having claimed a series of deadly attacks, including against Afghan military bases and positions - and that America still was "not winning" in the country nearly 16 years after the US-led invasion there.
Ryan Suzuki and Zachary Magwood each scored twice as the Barrie Colts doubled up the London Knights 8-4 on Friday night at Budweiser Gardens.
The Colts broke out after back-to-back losses to Owen Sound and Sault Ste. Marie and moved into a tie with the Niagara Ice Dogs for the second seed in the Ontario Hockey League's (OHL) Eastern Conference.
Magwood also had two assists in the game, playing on a line with Jaden Peca that combined for nine points against the Knights in the game, which was London's fifth consecutive game on home ice.
Evan Bouchard added to his lead atop the scoring race among OHL defencemen with two goals and an assist for the Knights. The Oakville native now leads Ryan Merkley of the Guelph Storm by five points. Both are eligible for the 2018 NHL Entry Draft in June.
For the second straight game, London gave up the first goal and found themselves chasing. Like they did against the Storm on Sunday, the Knights got to within a goal, but could not find a way to tie the game against a Barrie team that was aggressive and opportunistic.
READ MORE: Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame set to add 3 new members
How the goals were scored
Londoner Ryan Suzuki admitted before the game that he was letting his father handle the ticket requests for his first OHL game in his hometown. He gave friends and family in attendance something to cheer about just 5:05 into the first period as he scored his 10th goal of the season to give Barrie a 1-0 lead.
The Knights tied the game only 35 seconds later as a Bouchard slapshot beat Kai Edmonds in the Colts' net.
Before the end of the first 20 minutes, Barrie took their second lead as Aaron Luchuk knocked a rebound past Joseph Raaymakers to make it 2-1.
Zachary Magwood's 20th and 21st goals of the season increased Barrie's lead to 4-1 by the 9:59 mark of the second period. His second goal ended up going in off a skate in front of the London net.
Bouchard cut the Colts' lead to 4-2 with a shorthanded goal at 12:16, set up by Liam Foudy. The goal gave Bouchard his 18th goal and 62 points as he continues to lead all OHL defencemen in scoring.
Just over two minutes after that, NHL draft prospect Andrei Svechnikov restored Barrie's three-goal advantage. Svechnikov chipped the puck into the London crease, found it and wristed it into the net.
Once again the Knights cut the lead to a pair on Jacob Golden's first OHL goal. He went to the net from the left point and converted a Sergey Popov pass to end the second period with Barrie ahead 5-3.
London got to within a goal to start the third period as Bouchard controlled a puck inside the Barrie blue-line, faked a shot to freeze a Colts defender and then slid a pass in front to Alex Formenton, who deked to his backhand and scored his 16th goal of the year to tighten the score at 5-4.
The Colts responded with goals from Ben Hawerchuk and then from Dmitry Sokolov on a power play to go ahead 7-4.
Suzuki finished the scoring with his second of the game as he corralled a puck that took a funny hop off the end boards on a dump-in to the London zone. Before Jordan Kooy had a chance to react, Suzuki snapped the puck behind him.
READ MORE: Calgary luger calls Russian doping ban reversal a ‘dark day for clean sport'
Neumann's four points in 2:29
The Kingston Frontenacs jumped out to a 4-0 first period lead on the Oshawa Generals on Friday night. They scored four goals in two minutes and 29 seconds and former Erie Otter Brett Neumann was in on every one of them. Neumann scored once and added three assists and then didn't hit the scoresheet the rest of the night as Kingston waltzed to a 7-1 win.
Miletic named OHL player of the month
Sam Miletic started the month of January with the London Knights and ended it with the Niagara Ice Dogs. Combined, Miletic totalled 25 points in 13 games and was named January's Player of the Month in the OHL. Miletic's month included a whole lot of something he became well-known for as a Knight: multi-point games. The Bloomfield Hills, Mich. native had two multi-point games with London and then five more once he got to Niagara following a deadline deal between the Knights and Ice Dogs.
Nic Hague of the Mississauga Steelheads was named Defenceman of the Month, Andrei Svechnikov of the Barrie Colts was Rookie of the Month and Mario Culina of the Kitchener Rangers was named Goaltender of the Month.
READ MORE: Super Bowl LII: U.S. officials deploy the largest security team in game's history
Deficits are still tough to make up
Go back before some of the rule changes that made speed and skill such a part of the game we see today and any lead was tough to overcome. Former London Knight Robbie Schremp once pointed out that it was tough to score when you have to go to the net with a 200-pound guy on your back. Now, the game is a whole lot more free flowing, but comebacks can still be difficult to pull off. Take the Knights and the Colts as examples. When London has a lead after the first period, they are 16-1-0-1. When leading after 40 minutes, the Knights are 18-0-0-1. The Colts have very similar numbers. When leading after 20 minutes, they are 19-4-1-1. Barrie is now 21-1-1-0 when leading after two periods.
Up next
The London Knights visit the Sarnia Sting on Saturday afternoon for their first meeting since the trade deadline. The Sting have won 10 of their last 11 games and sit in second place in the West Division. The pre-game show begins at 3 p.m. on 980 CFPL, at www.980cfpl.ca and on the Radioplayer Canada app.
In the summer, Toronto's east-end is a vibrating, music-filled neighbourhood by the water. In the winter, says Beaches-East York Coun. Mary-Margaret McMahon, it becomes a “quiet resort town.”
That will change next year, after the City of Toronto approved an application to convert part of a building that currently hosts an off-track betting facility and movie theatre into an indoor live music venue.
The venue is projected to open in October 2018, at 1661 Queen Street East, and will hold 2,700 people, averaging 150 shows year.
“I'm hoping it will add more vibrancy (to the neighbourhood),” said McMahon. “Wake up the sleepy east.”
McMahon said that the venue, to be operated by Live Nation, is currently in the design stage, and working on sound-proofing.
DENVER – At its final hearing today (Oct. 6), the first-ever Colorado Young & Beginning Farmers Interim Study Committee voted unanimously in support of creating an Agricultural Workforce Development Program in Colorado. This program would provide cost-share support to established farmers and ranchers to hire paid interns and train them on their operations. The National Young Farmers Coalition applauds the collaborative efforts of the bipartisan committee in supporting the next generation of Colorado's farmers and ranchers.
"Figuring out where the next generation of farmers will come from, and how to get those farmers trained and on the land, is one of the biggest challenges we face as a state," said Kate Greenberg, NYFC's western program director following the hearing. "Finding skilled labor and covering the costs of hiring young farmers can be cost-prohibitive to many operations. The creation of an Agricultural Workforce Development Program would help build out the pipeline of young farmers able to gain a paid education on a working farm or ranch, and would help make educating young farmers and ranchers financially feasible for established producers."
This bill was among the six recommended bills drafted after the Aug. 10, 2017 hearing. The bill would create an Agricultural Workforce Development Program within the Colorado Department of Agriculture, which would provide cost-share incentives to agricultural businesses to hire qualified interns not to exceed 50 percent of the actual cost of hiring that intern.
At the Aug. 10 hearing, the National Young Farmers Coalition testified before the committee on the importance of paid internship opportunities to increase young farmer education and support current landowners in bringing on the next generation. If passed through the General Assembly, this bill will expand the educational opportunities available for young farmers and ranchers, many of whom are first-generation producers.
"This is a critical time for the state to invest in the future of agriculture," Greenberg said. "Farmers over 65 outnumber farmers under 35 by six to one, and over two-thirds of Colorado farmland will need a new farmer in the next 20 years. But there are currently not enough young farmers to take over. On-farm internships provide an entry point for young farmers to learn the tools of the trade; they offer young farmers resources, networks and education needed to build viable farm businesses, all of which is critical to the future of agriculture and rural economies in Colorado. NYFC is eager to work with other members of Colorado's agricultural community to support the creation of an Agricultural Workforce Development Program during the upcoming legislative session."
State Sens. Kerry Donovan, D-Vail, and Larry Crowder, R-Alamosa, will be the lead sponsors on the Agriculture Workforce Development Program bill in the Senate, with each remaining member of the bi-partisan committee agreeing to sign on as co-sponsors. The lead sponsor of the House version will be Rep. Marc Catlin, R-Montrose. The Agriculture Workforce Development Program bill will be introduced during the 71st General Assembly's second regular session beginning on Jan. 10, 2018. The bill will be first introduced in the Senate, and will then move through the legislative process.
Recommended Stories For You
The Colorado Young & Beginning Farmers Interim Study Committee was approved by the General Assembly in May upon a request submitted by state Sen. Kerry Donovan. The committee was formed to study how state policy can better assist beginning farmers and ranchers while also helping to protect working landscapes, enhance climate resiliency, promote innovation and sustain rural communities and economies.
The six members of the committee are Senators Jerry Sonnenberg (Chair), Kerry Donovan, and Larry Crowder, and Reps. Barbara McLachlan (Vice chair), Marc Catlin, and Jeni Arndt (replacing Dominique Jackson). NYFC congratulates the committee on its bipartisan effort in support of the next generation of family farmers. Constituents interested in supporting the next generation of farmers and ranchers are encouraged to contact NYFC.
The Delta State Police Command have arrested a fake soldier, Seaman Okonkwo Ebuka Emmanuel, and two others, Ugochukwu Eludi and Chuks Ogbonna along the Ogwashi-Uku/Ibusa expressway.
It was learnt that the fake soldier,Seaman Okonkwo Ebuka Emmanuel was clad in military camouflage in a bid to beat the Police on stop and Search when he was arrested.
The Other two suspects, Ugochukwu Eludi and Chuks Ogbonna were apprehended for allegedly stealing a Honda Crosstour Saloon car with Reg. No. Abuja (BWR 199 PV).
The Delta State Acting Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Andrew Aniamaka, confirmed the report, saying the suspects were from Kwale to Asaba on the 30th of January, 2018, when they were intercepted by the Dragon Patrol Team 21, led by officer Imonikhe Imo.
DSP Aniamaka stated that questions put to the suspects with regards to ownership of the vehicle could not be answered, prompting the officers to search the vehicle where they discovered a wrap of Indian Hemp, two phones and the vehicle particulars.
DSP Aniamaka added that phone call was put across to the number on the vehicle papers, only to discover the vehicle was stolen from one Ogwe Chidiebere in Lagos.
Aniamaka further noted that the suspects and the stolen vehicle had been handed over to Ogwashi-Uku Division for further investigation.
PARIS: Plastic surgeons raised red flags this week about a penis whitening fad in skin colour-fixated Thailand, dismissing the procedure as a phallic "fashion" with uncertain benefits and many risks.
Requiring the use of lasers, acid, or chemicals, the latest craze in genital beautification can leave men with burns, scars, taut skin, or the exact opposite of what they were after in the first place - a darker penis or a spotted one, the experts warned.
"I think it should not be done in a patient that doesn't need it," Milanese plastic surgeon Massimiliano Brambilla, who specialises in genital procedures, told AFP.
"Most of the substances that are used to whiten ... are quite aggressive. Whitening is one of those things that I am very careful of."
Earlier this month, a Bangkok clinic said 100 men a month were making use of its penis whitening service just six months after it started offering the procedure.
The clinic charged about US$650 for five laser sessions.
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to global statistics produced by the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ISAPS), Thailand ranked 21st in terms of the number of cosmetic procedures performed in 2016.
The data also showed a massive rise in genital beautification procedures globally.
Labiaplasty, which involves trimming the inner vaginal "lips" or labia minoria, was by far the fastest growing surgery sector in 2016, with a 45 per cent rise from 2015, according to the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ISAPS).
"PORNOGRAPHISATION"
Genital whitening was not listed among the data, but industry experts say demand is growing.
"I think it's linked to the pornographisation of society," said plastic surgeon Fabien Boucher from Lyon, France, another practitioner of "intimate" procedures.
"What people see is ... a genital aesthetic that in my view is not realistic," he explained, with sex organs shaved and otherwise manipulated to represent those of very young people - hairless, smooth and pink.
It is normal for the privates to be more darkly coloured than the rest of the skin, said Boucher.
"I do sex-change surgeries, constructing penises for female-to-male transformations, and these patients want exactly the opposite" of genital whitening - many opting for colour-in tattoos, he added.
"A key defect of our penile reconstruction procedure is that we end up with white penises which are visibly not natural."
Another reason for the Thai trend is cultural.
The Asia-Pacific region is a major market for skin lighteners.
Boucher stressed there has been little scientific research into the use of lasers and chemicals for penis-whitening, and no bleaching techniques or products have been developed uniquely for use in this sensitive area.
"The skin of the penis is different" to that of the face or body, for which the existing products were conceived, said Boucher.
"It is a thin skin ... and we do not yet fully understand how it will react."
SATISFACTION NOT GUARANTEED
The Thai health ministry has also warned against the procedure, saying it may cause irritation or infection, even presents a threat to sexual pleasure and reproduction.
"Honestly, I don't think they should be doing it," echoed Boucher, who said he wouldn't perform the procedure until the science shows it is safe.
Brambilla said he has turned down about three whitening requests in his 15-year career.
"If the colour is uniform, I really see no need," he explained.
"But even if there is a reason for intervention, such as an accident, the instruments that we have now to do it, they cannot guarantee first of all the satisfaction, secondly a realistic result, and thirdly the safety of what you're doing," he said.
Penis enlargement, meanwhile, dropped by 28 per cent in 2016, according to the ISAPS, likely due to the rise of new, less-invasive booster techniques.
SINGAPORE: The Moments of Life initiative, which bundles services and information for citizens when they need it, represents a "fundamental shift" in the public service's mindset, Minister-in-charge of the Public Service Chan Chun Sing said on Wednesday (Jul 4).
The initiative, which was first announced last year as one of five Smart Nation strategic national projects, was one of the examples cited by Mr Chan on how the public service has continuously sought to improve its services to citizens.
Advertisement
"All these projects show a gradual but definite shift in the public service - that today, increasingly so, as we organise ourselves, our mindset is not how we serve our organisational needs, but how we serve the people," Mr Chan said during the Public Sector Transformation Awards ceremony.
Minister-in-charge of the Public Service Chan Chun Sing gives the opening address at the Public Sector Transformation Awards ceremony. (Photo: Facebook/Chan Chun Sing)
"The people are at the centre of all that we do. This is the mindset that encourages me a lot when I see the public service in action because it tells us that we have the correct people with the correct values.”
ADOPTING NEW SKILL SETS
Advertisement
Advertisement
Addressing a crowd of about 900 attendees, including public service officers, Mr Chan highlighted the importance of continuously adopting new skill sets. These include building digital capabilities, designing policies and services from the people's perspective, and coming up with whole-of-Government solutions.
Mr Chan said new programmes to help upgrade the digital literacy of public servants will be rolled out over time.
"Increasingly, the types of problems we face will be inter-disciplinary and inter-agency," said Mr Chan, who cited the example of the Housing and Development Board (HDB). "Today, when HDB designs towns, it is not just designing flats and precincts for housing needs. HDB also looks at it from a social perspective – how do we design our towns to enable and enhance interaction and mixing? How do we design our estates such that today's need for privacy do not lead to social isolation when people grow old?”
Minister-in-charge of the Public Service Chan Chun Sing at the Public Sector Transformation Awards ceremony. (Photo: Facebook/Chan Chun Sing)
Mr Chan also emphasised the importance of collaboration both within and across agencies, as well as with society: "Collaboration starts from the basic premise that we have the humility to admit and accept that we can't do it alone, and we do not always have the best ideas within our agencies.”
"It may sound daunting that we have all these new things to do, but we do not need to be afraid," said Mr Chan. "If we can do these things progressively, module by module, and expose our officers to these new skills, I'm quite confident that we will continue to remain at the forefront.”
"We have reached a high level and are respected throughout the world for many of the things we do, but we are never satisfied just because of where we are. We know that many other cities are trying to copy what we do, and perhaps even overtake us. And this is why we can never be complacent about being the best.”
Mr George Lim redesigned the trolley to include an extra wheel and foot pedal - serving as a lever - to help transport tables and chairs with less strain, with his team “very happy” using it. (Photo: Wendy Wong)
During the ceremony, 400 awards were given out to individuals and teams in recognition of their excellent service and innovation. One of them was Mr George Lim, operations manager at CHIJ Kellock, who was honoured for his innovations at his workplace.
The 56-year-old had redesigned a trolley used to move tables and chairs to include an extra wheel and foot pedal, for the benefit of his team of operations support officers - many of whom are aged between 60 and 80.
"We saw a lot of staff moving tables and chairs using a simple trolley. And they have to literally manhandle the trolley itself – lifting it by muscle and pushing it from point A to B," said Mr Lim.
"Each time they carry heavy tables and chairs – I'm talking about 40 to 50kg of weight. And every time they carry about 400-500 tables and chairs.
"At the end of an hour, they will be so tired (with) muscle back pain. This cannot carry on, so we had to think of something that can make it easy for them to transport all this equipment from point to point without injuring themselves," he said.
For his innovation, Mr Lim was awarded with a distinguished star service award, which recognises public officers with high standards of service excellence.
Shannon Kepler is charged with the murder of his daughter's boyfriend.
A judge decided Thursday to allow Shannon Kepler's attorneys to talk about missing evidence, baggie, during murder trial. Jury selection is resuming.
The judge halted jury selection Wednesday in the second murder trial of the former Tulsa police officer after Kepler's attorney made a request to have the contents tested of a baggie found in Jeremey Lake's pocket the night he was shot.
Kepler was charged with killing Lake in 2014. Lake was his daughter's boyfriend.
Kepler's attorney, Richard O'Carroll, said he suspects the baggie might have contained drugs.
2/8/2017 Related Story: Judge Halts Jury Selection In Trial Of Former Tulsa Cop
Prosecutors said when Tulsa police went to the evidence room to look for the baggie last week, they realized it had been turned over to Lake's girlfriend, Lisa Kepler, along with the rest of Lake's personal belongings.
The judge expressed her frustration Thursday that she was only notified about the issue after the second trial had begun. She said every day she keeps the 59 potential jurors costs taxpayers $2,000.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — Grand Rapids Community Foundation is always seeking ways to connect and give back to the community. Through local donors, they are able to provide things scholarships for the youth of Grand Rapids.
Ken and Judy Betz have been donors to the Grand Rapids Community Foundation for years. Recently, GRCF awarded them with the Chaille Award for their community philanthropy, generosity, and commitment.
One of the programs that they have supported is the GRCF Challenge Scholars program. This program is designed to help students achieve their goals. In the program, students work from sixth to twelfth grade, preparing themselves for college and the work force. If they stay in the program for the duration, the program allows them to receive a scholarship when they are accepted to a university or trade school.
That program is just one of great programs that Ken and Judy believe in. They wish to serve the community and especially help those who may be underprivileged to reach their goals. “Everybody has the ability, but not everyone has the economic situation or family support to achieve their dreams,” Judy said. “All kids deserve a chance.”
More about the Challenge Scholars Program can be found at Grand Rapids Community Foundation's site, as well as opportunities to give back.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
CORDOBA, Argentina: Former US president Barack Obama made an impassioned plea on Friday (Oct 6) for the world to embrace clean energy and overcome climate change at a gathering of experts in Argentina.
Obama told an audience of government ministers, business leaders and young environmental activists they were part of a generation with the scientific means and imagination to begin to repair the planet.
"This is no longer speculation, this is no longer an issue that we can put off, this is firmly in the present."
"If we take advantage of this critical time, we have the chance to slow and even stop a trend that could be disastrous," said Obama, who signed the Paris climate agreement that President Donald Trump has controversially signalled his intention to abandon.
"We cannot condemn our children and their children to a future they cannot repair," said Obama.
"We are the first generation to feel the impact of climate change but we're also the last generation that can do something about it."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Despite pulling out of the Paris deal, he said, "the good news is that the United States will hit its targets despite a different approach by the incoming administration.
"Because so much of what we did is now embedded in our economy and in our culture, because our states and cities, our universities, our largest companies, have made it clear that they will keep pushing forward for the sake of future generations."
But Obama also warned the Paris accord would not solve the climate crisis on its own, and that as technology evolved, more ambitious targets would have to be set.
"If we set bolder targets then we will open the floodgates for businesses, scientists, engineers to reach the high-tech low carb investment and innovation that's needed on a scale we've never seen before."
The two-day Green Economy conference in the central city of Cordoba heard from experts including Nobel economic laureate Edmund Phelps that the global fight for clean energy rests with businesses and ordinary people because governments were lagging behind.
Obama kept with the theme, saying young people in particular "understand this is not just a job for politicians."
"We've got to educate our friends, our families, our colleagues, and describe what's at stake. And we need to speak up in town halls, and in churches. We need to push back against those who would try to spread misinformation, and deny science."
Although the internet was providing more access to knowledge that ever before, he said, "if you watch Fox News you probably don't believe climate change is such a problem."
"If we can look beyond the daily news cycle and think about the basics, the air that our children breathe, if that is our focus and we're willing to put that above any short term interests then it won't be too late."
He highlighted how the ocean was rising to threaten Miami, one of the largest cities in the US.
"It's very hard to build a dam around Miami because the water is coming up through the ground. It's porous, that's the reason why even on a sunny day there are parts of Miami now where you'll see a foot of water running down the street."
BUSINESS ON BOARD
Obama said business leaders had to be reminded that there was no contradiction between a clean environment and strong economic growth.
But Phelps also warned against climate change provoking "mass hysteria" and leading to over-regulation, which he said would be an "innovation killer."
"If an entrepreneur has to demonstrate to a whole bunch of government agencies that he is not going to cause any pollution, then we would lose the normal tendency of new companies and new ideas starting up," said Phelps, who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2006.
The United States is the world's second biggest producer of greenhouse gases after China and its withdrawal was seen as a body blow to the landmark 2015 agreement, which commits signatories to efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming.
Twenty-five US corporate giants including Apple, Google and Facebook, Unilever and Levi Strauss had publicly urged the US president to stick with the Paris agreement, arguing that it offered a chance for the United States to take the lead in clean energy.
Major American companies denounced his decision to pull out, including industrial and energy corporations, which have been working for years to reduce their carbon footprints.
Renewed attention has come to the iOS passcode in recent days. New tools such as the GreyKey iPhone unlocker are popping up in the news, already in use by law enforcement. Of course, it could be a matter of time until such devices are widely available.
What is GreyKey?
The GreyKey connects with up to two iPhones at a time via Lightning cables. After a two minute procedure, software is installed on the iPhone which proceeds to figure out the passcode. The normal built-in protections are circumvented, such as automatically wiping after a certain number of failed attempts.
Here's the thing, a four-digit passcode can be cracked in just a few minutes. iOS now requires a six-digit passcode by default. But even with six digits, a passcode can be discovered in half a day on average.
For anyone worried about devices like these, the simple solution is to lengthen the iPhone passcode. Using an eight-digit passcode increases the average time it takes for a tool like GrayKey to get iPhone data to over 40 days on average. Make your iOS passcode 10 digits and GrayKey is useless, as it would take over 10 years to break in.
Follow these steps to change the number of digits in your iPhone passcode:
Navigate to Settings -> Touch ID and Passcode Enter your current passcode Tap Change Passcode Enter your current passcode Tap Passcode Options Select Custom Numeric Code or Custom Alphanumeric Code Enter a new passcode with the desired number of digits Confirm the new passcode
The cat and mouse game is officially on when it comes to iPhone security. As new devices are developed to crack iPhone passcodes, Apple and its users will need to stay on the ball to keep data safe from prying eyes.
By Sonia Duggan
[email protected]
Fall is here and the décor of choice, pumpkins, will soon be appearing on doorsteps throughout neighborhoods. Searching for that perfect pumpkin or gourd for decorating or carving can be a fun experience especially if you have children. If you want your excursion to be memorable, and not at your local grocery or home improvement store, we've comprised a list of pumpkin patches near and far.
Creekwood United Methodist Church
This church, located in Fairview, is hosting a community-wide pumpkin patch and fall festival on its ample acreage at the corner of Stacey Rd and Country Club. They feature over seven tons of pumpkins with proceeds benefitting Creekwood youth mission work. The Pumpkin Patch is open October 1 – 31, 9 a.m. – dusk. A fall festival, free to visitors, is planned for Saturday, October 15, from 3 – 6 p.m. Attendees will be treated to a petting zoo, hay rides, face painting, carnival games, cake walks, a bounce house, balloon animals, hotdogs, popcorn and much more.
www.creekwoodumc.org
Murphy Road Baptist Church
Need a quick pumpkin pick or jack-o-lantern for your youngster? This smaller patch showcases a bright orange display of an estimated 2000 pumpkins at 411 S. Murphy Rd. The patch begins Oct. 1 and will run through October 31. Costs are based on the size of the pumpkin and are determined by the supplier not the church.
Times to pick out your pumpkins are Saturdays from 10 a.m. – 8 p.m., Sundays from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Monday – Friday 2 to 8 p.m. All proceeds go toward scholarships for youth and adult camps.
Wylie United Methodist Church
Convenient to Wylie and the surrounding area, the church is hosting their annual pumpkin patch again this year. Visitors have the opportunity to drive by and pick out pumpkins seven days a week. They are open starting Oct. 2 Monday –Saturday from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. and Sundays from 11 a.m. – 7 p.m. They officially close Oct. 31.
Blasé Family Farm
Located on wooded acres in the heart of Rockwall, this farm offers a pumpkin patch and much more. There is a petting zoo, a hayride around the property and pumpkins of all shapes and sizes. They are open Mon. – Fri from 9 a.m. – 6 p.m., Saturday from 10 a.m. – 6 p.m. and Sunday from noon to 6 p.m. $7 per person.
Tucker Hill Pumpkinville
Located in McKinney in a grassy area near Tucker Hill's front entrances off of Highway 380 and University Drive, the neighborhood patch will include vintage farm equipment on loan from the Collin County Farm Museum. The Pumpkinville Pumpkin Patch opens Oct. 17 and continues through Oct.31. Hours are Mondays through Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and Fridays & Saturdays, from 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. (Last day — Monday, 10/31, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.) Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. There is a tractor-pulled hay ride to see the community's fall and Halloween décor available Saturdays from 10:30 a.m. to 4:30 pm and Sundays: 1:00 to 4:00 p.m. A Petting Zoo is open Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m.; Sundays from 1 to 4 p.m. They have a DJ event host coordinating games, activities and music concessions on Saturdays and Sundays, photo vignettes , face painting, costume contests, plus much more.
Storybook Ranch
The ranch also located in McKinney features a Pumpkin Patch that runs from Sept. 24 – Nov. 1. In addition they a hay maze, pony rides, petting zoo, bounce houses, and western town wagon rides.
For more information go to storybookranch.org.
Dallas Arboretum
Take a trip to the Dallas Arboretum and visit the new Pumpkin Village with a dazzlingly display of over 90,000 pumpkins artfully arranged plus pumpkin houses, an Indian corn house and a mini hay maze. The village opened Sept. 16 and continues through Nov. 24. The garden offers many festival discounts and invites the public to take advantage of these offers to visit often and usher in fall with a great deal.
Visit www.dallasarboretum.org to see daily schedules of activities.
Elves Christmas Tree Farm
Don't mind driving? Then head one hour north of town to Denison to the Elves Christmas Tree Farm. While it's too early to select trees, you can select your fair share of pumpkins and gourds. They have over 100,000 pounds of Pumpkins, Gourds, Indian corn and specialty pumpkins. The pumpkin patch activities include hayrides, the maze, a farm zoo, hay jump and dress your own scarecrow stations. Farm specialties include picnic areas, tours, snacks, drinks, gifts, and arts and crafts.
For more information go to elvesfarm.com.
Fallfest at the Wintergreen Christmas Tree Farm
Located in Van Alstyne, this farm known for Christmas Trees celebrates fall with a Pumpkin Fall Fest. They have planted a pumpkin and gourd patch plus they also bring in several varieties of pumpkins for sale. The gift shop onsite has fall items for sale or you can take a hayride and enjoy fun activities for the children. Come learn about pumpkins, Christmas trees and garden planting, harvesting and recycling. Fallfest dates are October 7 – 29. They are open Saturdays from 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. and Sundays from 11 a.m. – 6 p.m.
For more information go to wintergreenchristmastreefarm.com
Yesterland Farm
If you're up for a longer trip, travel to Canton and visit Yesterland Farm. You won't find any flea market bargains, just lots and lots of pumpkins plus loads of fun activities including apple cannons, zombies, a roller coaster, a rock wall, super slide, farm animals and much more. The pumpkin patches are scattered around the farm in all sizes and shapes. Another fun opportunity offered is a 3-acre corn maze.
For hours and prices go to yesterlandfarm.com.
For more stories like this subscribe to the print or e-edition.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police were called out after two men found a gun while on a fishing trip.
Rob Lawrence and Joe Kilduff were magnet fishing near East Huntspill when Rob felt something heavy snag his line.
They were trawling the waters of the Cripps River on May 30 when they made the discovery, after Rob, from Burnham-on-Sea, pulled in his line.
Joe Kilduff from Glastonbury, said: "When Rob said he pulled out a gun I thought he was joking. Because we always said that it's something we wanted to find, as reported by Somerset Live.
"The gun looked pretty old - we decided we should call police just to be safe."
The pair called the police shortly after at about 3pm, shortly after they found the weapon.
Officers then examined the gun before removing it from the scene.
Joe added: "The police have said that the gun will probably be destroyed once they have had a closer look at it."
It's thought that the weapon could date back to the early 1900s.
The sentencing for the La Loche school shooter has taken a twist after a late request from the teen's lawyer. There's now no timeline in place for the public to learn whether the killer will be sentenced as a youth or an adult. Ryan Kessler report.
REUTERS: Former Portugal coach Paul Bento has taken over as head coach of Chinese Super League side Chongqing Lifan, the club said on Monday.
Bento, who led his native Portugal to the World Cup finals in Brazil in 2014, replaced South Korea's Chang Woe-ryong and has been tasked with keeping Chongqing in China's top flight while bringing players from the academy into the first team.
"It is very rare in professional football for a coach to be given a long-term role and I'm very lucky to have this one," Bento said.
"I will try my best not to let the chairman and the corporation down.
"Besides coaching the first team, we will also work heavily on the youth system and we will try to bring more young players through to the first team."
Chongqing finished 10th last season, the club's second campaign under Chang.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Hiring Mr Bento is not only about the club's short term vision but is part of a long term strategy," club chairman Zhang Lizhang said.
"Having a new coach in position is part of having a healthy vision. It is about building the youth system, the first team and grassroots through schools. We want depth and width."
(Reporting by Michael Church, editing by Ed Osmond)
Researchers from UC Davis and UC Santa Cruz, with help from Costa Mesa-based environmental organization Orange County Coastkeeper, have been studying the pH and oxygen levels, temperature and salinity inside and outside eelgrass beds along the California coast, including in Upper Newport Bay. By using sensors, they're getting preliminary answers to the question of whether eelgrass — an underwater plant with quarter-inch-wide leaves that can grow up to 3 feet long — can remove carbon from seawater and help maintain healthy water chemistry.
Never underestimate the power of popsicle sticks.
Rita Tateel has used them and other inexpensive materials to create a kind of happiness tree in her quest to keep cellphone-absorbed passersby from tripping over the buckling sidewalk.
Some people might set out cones or hazard signs, but Tateel decided to work with whimsy by creating a mini “habitat” for fairies and gnomes in the 100-year-old carob tree outside her Fairfax neighborhood home.
After all, it's the tree's massive roots that made the sidewalk look more like a roller coaster track. “I wanted to get people to stop and pay attention,” she said.
And pay attention they have, taking photos and leaving piles of fan mail.
“I love your garden,” gushed one letter signed by “Random Stranger.” “Thank you for infusing a little magic in a world otherwise devoid.”
The reaction has been both overwhelming and uplifting, Tateel said. “I saw one woman stop dead in her tracks with this huge grin on her face. Other people stop to thank me. It's so joyous, it makes my heart sing.”
Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times You can see how badly the sidewalk is buckled. Rita Tateel says the fairy tree forces people to slow down, and watch their step. You can see how badly the sidewalk is buckled. Rita Tateel says the fairy tree forces people to slow down, and watch their step. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times)
When Tateel started the habitat on Memorial Day weekend, her intent was to plant some succulents among the tree's gnarly roots and add a few fairyland touches, such as tiny doors and porches, spiraling walkways and even a waterfall and lake (made from blue aquarium gravel).
She was inspired by the fairy gardens she found online when she was researching succulent plants. “I just kept thinking, This tree has so many nooks and crannies … what can I put there?”
The answer was surprisingly simple and cheap, Tateel said. She visited yard sales and dollar stores to find inexpensive materials to create doors (out of popsicle sticks), fences and tiny, precarious walkways that circled the tree (using trimmed down garden trellises). She even broke apart pine cones to use their scales for shingles on little roofs.
Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times LOS ANGELES, CA - SEPTEMBER 14, 2017: A gnome inside a small wooden house is just one the details in Rita Tateel's whimsical fairy and gnome garden on the tree in front of her home September 14, 2017 in Los Angeles, California.The old tree has very large roots which have wreaked havoc on the sidewalk. Tateel's garden has lured passerby's to stop and look at the garden avoiding possibly tripping on the uneven sidewalk.(Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) LOS ANGELES, CA - SEPTEMBER 14, 2017: A gnome inside a small wooden house is just one the details in Rita Tateel's whimsical fairy and gnome garden on the tree in front of her home September 14, 2017 in Los Angeles, California.The old tree has very large roots which have wreaked havoc on the sidewalk. Tateel's garden has lured passerby's to stop and look at the garden avoiding possibly tripping on the uneven sidewalk.(Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times)
Then she put everything on the tree and steeled herself against the likelihood of theft or vandalism.
To her astonishment, however, “not only has stuff not been taken, we've had a bunch of stuff brought in by strangers,” she said.
For instance, at least three young neighborhood children, Thomas, Winnie and Charlotte, have adopted the site and make regular visits, bringing tiny items — sometimes handmade — to add to the display.
One visitor left an umbrella too big for the fairies, so Tateel dangled it from a branch, making it look like a fancy parachute with a fairy hitching a ride. Another visitor left a small mailbox at the tree, which is often stuffed with mail. And another dropped off a bucket of sidewalk chalk to encourage further enhancements to her rippling walkway.
Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times LOS ANGELES, CA - SEPTEMBER 14, 2017: A gnome on a homemade walkway is just one the details in Rita Tateel's whimsical fairy and gnome garden on the tree in front of her home September 14, 2017 in Los Angeles, California.The old tree has very large roots which have wreaked havoc on the sidewalk. Tateel's garden has lured passerby's to stop and look at the garden avoiding possibly tripping on the uneven sidewalk.(Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) LOS ANGELES, CA - SEPTEMBER 14, 2017: A gnome on a homemade walkway is just one the details in Rita Tateel's whimsical fairy and gnome garden on the tree in front of her home September 14, 2017 in Los Angeles, California.The old tree has very large roots which have wreaked havoc on the sidewalk. Tateel's garden has lured passerby's to stop and look at the garden avoiding possibly tripping on the uneven sidewalk.(Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times)
Tateel says she's always enjoyed arts and craft projects, but her “Fairy and Gnome Magical Tree” has given her more happiness than she ever imagined. Her goal now is to share the wealth, by encouraging other people to create their own “magic trees.”
“You can do this with any tree. It doesn't take a lot of work or time,” she said recently. “I'd love it if, instead of neighbors complaining about traffic or car thefts or new McMansions, they could share this spirit of joy.”
Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times LOS ANGELES, CA - SEPTEMBER 14, 2017: A fairy on a homemade swing is just one of details in Rita Tateel's whimsical fairy and gnome garden on the tree in front of her home September 14, 2017 in Los Angeles, California.The old tree has very large roots which have wreaked havoc on the sidewalk. Tateel's garden has lured passerby's to stop and look at the garden avoiding possibly tripping on the uneven sidewalk.(Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) LOS ANGELES, CA - SEPTEMBER 14, 2017: A fairy on a homemade swing is just one of details in Rita Tateel's whimsical fairy and gnome garden on the tree in front of her home September 14, 2017 in Los Angeles, California.The old tree has very large roots which have wreaked havoc on the sidewalk. Tateel's garden has lured passerby's to stop and look at the garden avoiding possibly tripping on the uneven sidewalk.(Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times)
As if on cue, a walker named Beth Polito reined in her dog and spoke eagerly to Tateel.
“Are you the one who's doing this?” Polito said. “I just want you to know I love this. It makes me so happy. It brightens up all the crazier things happening in this world.”
Tateel laughed, both delighted and embarrassed.
“I never met her before,” she said after Polito went on her way, “but this is just what I'm talking about. People ask me, ‘Aren't you afraid someone will take it away?' But what's the worst thing that can happen? Someone trashes it and I have to do it again.”
Ultimately, Tateel said, “I do this because it makes people smile. And if it makes you smile, why would you want to mess it up? It's really an exercise in trust.”
And whimsy, and a whole lot of popsicle sticks.
Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times LOS ANGELES, CA - SEPTEMBER 14, 2017: Rita Tateel of Los Angeles created a whimsical fairy and gnome garden on the tree in front of her home September 14, 2017 in Los Angeles, California.The old tree has very large roots which have wreaked havoc on the sidewalk. Tateel's garden has lured passerby's to stop and look at the garden avoiding possibly tripping on the uneven sidewalk.(Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) LOS ANGELES, CA - SEPTEMBER 14, 2017: Rita Tateel of Los Angeles created a whimsical fairy and gnome garden on the tree in front of her home September 14, 2017 in Los Angeles, California.The old tree has very large roots which have wreaked havoc on the sidewalk. Tateel's garden has lured passerby's to stop and look at the garden avoiding possibly tripping on the uneven sidewalk.(Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times)
Here are some tips for starting your own magical tree
-- Succulents provide a fairyland feel and require very little soil to grow, which makes them good for tucking around tree roots. Scrape out soil around the roots, until you are hitting the root itself, then fill in with cactus soil (available in nurseries) and plant your succulents.
-- Go online and search “fairy gardens” for inspiration. You'll find endless ideas about creating bridges, doors and other habitats. The Facebook group “Fairy Garden Believers” is especially helpful, Tateel said.
-- Yard sales and dollar stores are your friends. Tateel spent less than $50 to create her tree. Also, check the garden section of your local hardware store for wood trellises that can be cut to size or little fairyland decorations like ceramic gnomes or mushrooms.
-- Popsicle sticks, both regular and thin, can be glued together and painted to make houses, doors, even window shutters.
-- Rivers, lakes and waterfalls can be created using flat glass marbles, available at dollar stores, or aquarium rocks available at pet stores.
-- Sphagnum moss, available at nurseries or pet stores, is great for creating woodsy roofs.
-- Practice trust, but be practical, Tateel said. Don't put anything in your magic tree that would kill you to lose.
Home@latimes.com
ALSO
Photos: Ready to scratch the grass? Here are 27 inspiring lawn-free yards
No green thumb needed: 6 drought-tolerant herbs that are almost impossible to kill
Southern California home tours
FREETOWN: Hundreds of people were killed and more than 2,000 left homeless when a mudslide and heavy flooding hit Sierra Leone's capital, Freetown, on Monday (Aug 14), leaving hospitals struggling to cope.
Red Cross spokesman Patrick Massaquoi told AFP 312 people were killed and that the death toll could rise further as his team continued to survey disaster areas.
An AFP journalist at the scene saw bodies being carried away and houses submerged in two areas of the city, where roads were turned into churning rivers of mud and corpses washed up on the streets.
Mohamed Sinneh, a morgue technician at Freetown's Connaught Hospital, said "at least" 180 bodies had been received so far, many of them children, leaving no space to lay the dead because of the "overwhelming" number of corpses at the facility.
More bodies were taken to private morgues, Sinneh said.
Disaster management official Candy Rogers told AFP that "over 2,000 people are homeless," hinting at the huge humanitarian effort that will be required to deal with the fallout of the flooding in one of Africa's poorest nations.
Advertisement
Advertisement
PILES OF CORPSES
Images obtained by AFP showed a ferocious churning of dark orange mud coursing down a steep street, while videos posted by local residents showed people waist and chest deep in water trying to traverse the road.
Other images showed battered corpses piled on top of each other, as residents struggled to cope with the destruction.
Local media reports also said that a section of a hill in the Regent area of the city had partially collapsed.
Freetown, an overcrowded coastal city of 1.2 million, is hit annually by flooding during several months of rain that destroys makeshift settlements and raises the risk of waterborne diseases such as cholera.
Flooding in the capital in 2015 killed 10 people and left thousands homeless.
Sierra Leone was one of the west African nations hit by an outbreak of the Ebola virus in 2014 that left more than 4,000 people dead in the country, and it has struggled to revive its economy since the crisis.
About 60 per cent of people in Sierra Leone live below the national poverty line, according to the United Nations Development Programme.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
5 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
(Editor's Note: Please be advised that this story contains language in paragraph 4 that may offend some readers)
CHARLOTTE, Mich.: The enraged father of three daughters who were sexually abused by Larry Nassar charged towards the former USA Gymnastics national team doctor and tried to attack him during a sentencing hearing in a Michigan courtroom on Friday.
The father, Randall Margraves, was nearly within striking distance of Nassar before officers tackled him roughly to the ground in front of his shocked daughters. The judge later accepted Margraves' account that he "lost control" of his emotions and said she would not punish him.
The chaotic scene began after sisters Lauren and Madison Margraves had finished tearful victim statements on the second day of a sentencing hearing in Eaton County, much as nearly 200 women, including Margraves' third daughter, did in earlier court sessions.
Standing alongside his daughters and wife, Margraves, a tall man with an intense gaze dressed in an electricians' union sweatshirt, then asked to speak.
"I would ask you as part of the sentencing to grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon," he said to the judge, gesturing towards Nassar, who has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison at an earlier hearing after pleading guilty to molesting young women under the guise of medical treatment.
Judge Janice Cunningham told him he knew she could not do that, and chastised him after he called Nassar a son of a bitch. He asked for one minute alone instead. The judge demurred as some in the courtroom laughed uncomfortably.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Margraves then bolted towards Nassar, seated in an orange jumpsuit behind a nearby table. His daughters' hands flew to their mouths, and one of Nassar's lawyers moved to shield his client.
Gasps, cries and shouts filled the courtroom as Margraves was wrestled to the ground, knocking things off a desk on the way down, and handcuffed while Nassar was taken out to safety.
"One minute!" Margraves demanded repeatedly, his head pinned to the floor. As officers pulled him from the room, he implored them, "What if this happened to you guys?"
Margraves are then bundled out of the courtroom by uniformed officers, and the judge ordered a break in the proceedings.
PAIN AND GUILT
The attempted attack underscored the pain Nassar's abuse has caused his victims' parents, some of whom had been present in the exam room while Nassar abused their children. Several have spoken in court about the guilt they feel for delivering their children to a sexual predator.
"I failed my own daughter," Lynn Erickson said tearfully in court on Friday, as her daughter Ashley, one of Nassar's victims, wiped away tears.
Margraves' daughters had also described the impact on their parents. At Nassar's first sentencing hearing last month, his oldest daughter Morgan said her father "went out driving to look for him around East Lansing" after news of his abuse broke.
"I'm not exactly sure what he would have done if he saw him," she said. "However, he felt he still had to protect us in the way fathers do for their daughters."
During the lunch break, a handcuffed margrave was brought back in from a courthouse cell for the judge to decide whether to hold him in contempt.
Accompanied by a lawyer, Margraves said he did not know exactly what his daughters were going to say.
"I got to hear that, and I got to see Larry Nassar over here shaking his head 'no,' like it didn't happen," he said. "I lost control."
The judge accepted his explanation, though she made him promise he would not do anything like that again.
"There is no way that this court is going to issue any type of punishment, given the circumstances of this case," Cunningham said. "My heart does go out to you and your family for what has happened to you."
The county sheriff said his office would decide by next week whether to seek charges. An online fundraising page at the website GoFundMe had collected more than US$9,000 for Margraves' potential legal fees by 3 p.m. (2000 GMT)
Social media users expressed near universal support for Margraves.
"We all understand this father's action," said actor and wrestler Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson. "Nassar's punishment will go far beyond sentencing. Behind bars, he'll soon know what hell means."
Mariah McClain, who testified about Nassar's abuse of her, said she had to leave the courtroom when Margraves erupted.
"It was just too much for me," she said.
The case against Nassar, who is also serving a 60-year federal term for child pornography convictions, has sparked investigations into how U.S. Olympic officials, USA Gymnastics, the sport's governing body, and Michigan State University, where Nassar also worked, failed to investigate complaints about him going back years.
(Reporting by Steve Friess; Additional reporting by Bernie Woodall; Writing by Jonathan Allen; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Andrew Hay)
The man accused of aiming his car at a crowd of counter-demonstrators in Charlottesville, Virginia, had his first court appearance Monday morning.
Twenty-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. drove to the rally from his home in Maumee, Ohio.
CBS News correspondent Kris Van Cleave reports people who knew Fields as a child remember a young man who used racial slurs and appeared fond of Adolf Hitler. He faces a host of charges, including second-degree murder. Fields is also at the center of a civil-rights investigation.
Police say the 20-year-old drove his car into a crowd of protesters and two stopped cars, killing one and injuring at least 19 others.
CBS News
"I just knew he was going to a rally," his mother, Samantha Bloom, said.
She apparently learned of her son's alleged actions from a reporter.
"I didn't know it was white supremacist," she said. "I thought it had something to do with Trump."
Just hours before the attack, pictures show Fields at the alt-right rally dressed in the de facto uniform of a white supremacist group carrying a shield with racist symbols.
"He just looked off, he had that kind of 1,000-yard stare; it just kinda grabbed me," said photographer Kyle Petrozza. "Knowing what he did, it's kind of haunting now, you know. At the time, I thought I was photographing someone who might just be, you know, a follower, you know, just along for the march, but obviously not."
Fields grew up in Kentucky and moved to Ohio with his mother about a year ago. He joined the Army in 2015 but left after four months "due to a failure to meet training standards."
Those who knew him growing up say his racist views started young.
"I knew he had that stuff going on, but I never knew it'd go to such a next level," said Derek Weimer, who was Fields' high school history teacher. "It was very clear he loved Hitler and he loved, you know, the Nazi movement, they were all, you know, geniuses."
A middle school classmate told CBS News, "I knew he was capable of something like this."
President Donald Trump addressed the nation Monday morning following the attack. He said he met with the FBI director and U.S. Attorney General, and the Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation.
"To anyone who acted in criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," he said.
Diversified Hand Family Cattle Ranch/ Farming Operation Needing Diversified Hand. ...
Ranch Hand Full Time Summer Ranch Hand Position available on Cheyenne, WY, ranch. ...
Wanted: Farm Hand Wanted: Farm Hand Experience in pivot and flood irrigation, ...
Summer Ranch Irrigation Job IMMEDIATE OPENING SUMMER RANCH IRRIGATION JOB DELTA, CO. REMOTE LOCATION...
Working Ranch Foreman Working Ranch Foreman Needed For Sandhills Cow/Calf Ranch Must be well ...
Ranch Caretaker wanted to work year-round on Western Slope Colorado Ranch...
Ranch Laborer wanted to work year-round on ranch near Longmont, Colorado. ...
Outside Assistant High Plains Genetics, LLC is a custom collection facility that offers ...
Ranch Hand / Stockman Ranch Hand/ Stockman Wanted In Valentine, NE This isn't a cowboy job. ...
Fleet Sales rep Spradley Barr Ford Lincoln of Greeley is currently looking for a local...
Farm Manager /ASSISTANT TO RANCH MANAGER TO COORDINATE, RUN, AND OPERATE ...
Operations Manager Black Hills/ Wyoming Ranch seeks Operations Manager for holistically ...
Alfalfa Grain & Livestock Farm Help Wanted Northwest Kansas Alfalfa Grain & Livestock Farm Is ...
Ranch Hand Wanted RANCH HAND WANTED SEEKING FULL-TIME RANCH HAND FOR COW/CALF OPERATION...
Stan Lee, the 95-year-old former head of Marvel Comics and creator of numerous comic book heroes like Spider-Man and the Hulk, has been accused of sexual misconduct by a massage therapist.Maria Carballo claims she was sent to Lee's room at a hotel in Chicago to perform a two-hour massage on the morning of April 21, 2017, according to a complaint filed on Monday in Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, reported people.com.The massage was scheduled by Lee's assistant, who is also named as a defendant in the complaint.A representative for Lee did not return people.com's request for comment.Carballo said in the complaint that she did not report the incident to police in fear that, "in light of Lee's wealth and status" making a police report "would hurt her job".She claimed Lee's assistant knew of his "inappropriate behavior."The massage therapist added the #MeToo movement inspired her "to fight for her dignity by standing up for herself".Citing assault, battery and other counts, Carballo is seeking a judgment "in excess of $50,000, plus an award of punitive damages, and attorneys' fees and costs as permitted under the statute."Meanwhile, controversy has recently swirled around Lee, who sued a former business manager alleging fraud and has spoken out defending his daughter after others around him claimed she was trying to gain control of his assets.
Closed for repairs since May 12, the Loon Lake rest area on the Okanagan Connector has reopened, the Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure announced on Wednesday.
The rest area, which has sinks, flush toilets, a picnic area and electric car chargers, cost $4.2 million to build and was opened in February. But for the last seven weeks, the washrooms were closed for repairs.
According to the Ministry of Transportation, gravel and sediment entered the water lines, which prevented the system from working properly. Porta-potties were installed as temporary measures while repairs were done.
READ MORE: Free Wi-Fi coming to highway rest stops including the Coquihalla
“A filtration system was installed by VSA Maintenance, which will eliminate the issue of gravel and sediment from the well water entering the water lines in the future,” the Ministry said in a press release. “We will continue to test and monitor the facilities to ensure there are no issues, and porta-potties will remain on site for the short term.”
The porta-potties drew mixed results, with one traveller telling Global Okanagan “it's not the most hygenic and it's just not good.”
Another traveller said “I'm sure Tourism B.C. is going to be hearing a few things from people as the summer wears on.”
READ MORE: Tourists surprised to find popular rest stop along Coquihalla permanently closed
The Loon Lake rest area is located on Highway 97C, approximately 42 kilometres south of Merritt. It has eight flush toilets and nine tables. Barring two brake check areas on Highway 97C, it's the only rest area between West Kelowna and Merritt.
In January, the highly popular visitors centre near Merritt permanently closed.
“Commercial truck drivers and travellers alike have told us they want more highway rest areas and improvements to the existing stops, and this one has amenities for all to benefit from when they need a break from the road,” Minister of Transportation Claire Trevena said in a news release when the facility first opened.
Uber's appeal against the loss of its London license should begin on Apr. 30 for five days but might be delayed until June, a British judge said on Monday at a preliminary hearing.
LONDON: Uber's appeal against the loss of its London license should begin on Apr. 30 for five days but might be delayed until June, a British judge said on Monday at a preliminary hearing.
There will be two further preliminary hearings on Tuesday and Wednesday next week to decide whether a trade union and the London Taxi Drivers' Association can join Uber and transport regulator Transport for London (TfL) in the case.
TfL ruled in September that the ride-hailing service's approach and conduct was not fit and proper to hold a private vehicle hire license.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Michael Holden)
It seems like the kids of the southern French seaside have had a longstanding secret: mix rose with a bit of light-tasting juice plus a little simple syrup and sip all day while frolicking at the beach, being French and great-looking and smart all at the same time.
If you've ever attempted to drink wine all day in the sun, then you know the perils of it. Seemed like a good idea at the time, right? But with this— and I've tasted it so I can vouch— you can do just that and wake up feeling great.
And here's the most important part: It tastes really, really good.
Most “wine blends” marketed at women seem to lean heavily on sugar, but if you're the kind of bone-dry wine drinker that I am, you want no part of wine coolers or even Riesling, which tends to be lower in alcohol but very sweet.
Pamplemousse, as this magical elixir is called, means grapefruit in French and is being imported to the Twin Cities right now. The label is one of the first of its kind in the states, and definitely in Minnesota, the importer tells me.
As the story goes, a daughter asked her dad, who owned a huge French rosé cooperative, why he wasn't bottling the secret that she and her friends had known about for years.
“Well, I guess I'd be better,” said the good dad of the lucky young lady.
And so, a blend of high-quality French rosé, grapefruit juice, and peach oil was born. The result on the palate is delicious rosé at the front, bitter grapefruit at the back, and lightly sweet peach to round things out.
At 8.5 percent alcohol, you could drink it all day, or have one or two of these every night without getting a hangover. If you're already drinking shandies or white wine spritzers or even Arnie Palmers, then the blending for the sake of drinking all day thing makes perfect sense. A bunch of local bartenders are going to start tinkering with it, too.
Pamplemousse is currently in the process of being distributed to a limited number of stores and bars right now, but look for it currently at HyVee and North Loop Wine and Spirits.
Also, ask a few of your favorite bartenders about it, including those at Revival, Heirloom, Lyn65, Station Pizzeria in Minnetonka, Xavi, and Grumpy's Northeast.
Pamplemousse retails between $9.99 and $12.99.
It's Hump Day: Wednesday, May 30, 2018: National Mint Julep Day. It's also Indian Arrival Day in Trinidad and Tobago, which gave rise to the delicious and culturally appropriated Trinidadian roti.
Before I recount This Day in History, we have the Underground Sign of the Month, sent by Matthew:
Only in London. pic.twitter.com/SKSqquhRTY — You Had One Job (@_youhadonejob1) May 29, 2018
On this day in 1431, Jean of Arc, only 19 years old, was burned at the stake by the English and the Burgundians. On May 30, 1536, Henry VIII of England married Jane Seymour, who had been a lady-in-waiting to his first two wives. She wasn't beheaded, but died in childbirth after having given birth to a son who became King Edward VI. On this day in 1588, the last ship of the ill-fated Spanish Armada left Lisbon on its way to attack England. As you know, the Armada came a cropper, as the Brits say. On this day in 1845, a ship coming from India brought the first Indians to Trinidad and Tobago, which is why it's Indian Arrival Day in that country (see above). In 1911, the first running of the Indianapolis 500 motor race took place; if you know your racing, you'll know that the winner was Ray Harroun in his Marmon Wasp. It took him 6 hours, 42 minutes and 8 seconds: an average speed of 74.602 mph. Here's the winner:
On May 30, 1943, Josef Mengele became the chief medical officer at the Romani section of Auschwitz. It is proof of the nonexistence of God that Mengele died in Brazil in 1979 (he had a stroke while swimming), never having come to justice. Finally, on this day in 1989, a 33-foot high “Goddess of Democracy” statue was unveiled in Tiananmen Square by protesting students (click on the link to see it). It was destroyed five days later by soldiers.
Notables born on May 30 include Irving Thalberg (1899), Mel Blanc (1908), Benny Goodman (1909), Nobel Laureat Julius Axelrod (1912), Irish writer Colm Tóibín (1955), and Wynona Judd (1964). Do watch this clip of Blanc on the Letterman show:
Those who died on this day include Joan of Arc (1431; see above), Peter Paul Rubens (1640), Alexander Pope (1744), Voltaire (1778), Wilbur Wright (1912), Hermann Broch (1951), Boris Pasternak (1960), Leó Szilárd (1964), and Tex Beneke (2000).
Meanwhile in Dobrzyn, Hili gives the answer which can never be given accurately.
A: Hili, are you asleep? Hili: You guessed it.
In Polish:
Ja: Hili, śpisz?
Hili: Zgadłeś.
In Winnipeg there is splendor in the grass:
From Monika: why do snow leopards bite their tails. This tweet shows a whole thread of them. Are their tails tasty?
snow leopards biting their tails: a thread pic.twitter.com/QVjylY6a9m — rae paoletta (@PAYOLETTER) May 18, 2018
From Grania, another example of a cat resting in what seems to be an uncomfortable—if not impossible—position:
The new favorite place to chill pic.twitter.com/XcWpq3CurS — HUMOROUS ANIMALS (@CUTEFUNNYANIMAL) May 29, 2018
A kangaroo can't use a trampoline, FCS!
The meaning of this sign, which seems to have gone viral, is unclear to me:
Any man who can do this should be allowed to. pic.twitter.com/3SSpaK9R4e — James Doleman (@jamesdoleman) May 28, 2018
From Matthew:
Professional skier Benjamin Forthun performs an exemplary ski trick on snow and water, showing the many ways you can use your potential energy and how you glide on the surface of water https://t.co/dWwo4Yg9ma | https://t.co/ljrxygvgI9 pic.twitter.com/bfNMz4MaNz — Massimo (@Rainmaker1973) May 29, 2018
Why does this insect move this way? (I have a guess.)
Big fail: I think she tossed her cellphone to the birds!
This is the second time this happened; go to the link to see how:
BBC News – Sheep gets stuck on Norfolk river bridge… again https://t.co/8KGyCyDrr0 — H Stiles (@HStiles1) May 29, 2018
A photo from Hawaii:
This is amazing drone footage of the current eruption. https://t.co/k1jMKwnKXk pic.twitter.com/VceiUOmGdd — GEOetc (@GEOetc2) May 28, 2018
And some footage of the eruption of Kilauea:
Salticid (jumping spider), also called, for obvious reasons, a “spider ant”. Look at those colors!
oh my WOW. 👀
Orsima ichneumon you are something else!!! [photo: Jack K H Loo] pic.twitter.com/OoNRbWzxW2 — IM🍑HIM (@ziyatong) May 28, 2018
Here's a video of the above:
A cat with moxie:
And here's me in my new “Cats” baseball shirt, which I got new, but for a pittance, on eBay. I don't know what team it's from, but it does show I'm always on Team Cat:
If their five meetings from the regular season are any indication of what is to come, the Nashville Predators and Winnipeg Jets are probably going to pummel each other over the next two weeks in what looks to be the best matchup of the 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
They finished the season with the top two records in the league, while the Predators won the season series by taking three of the five games, with all of them being tight, fierce, chaotic contests that saw Nashville hold a slight aggregate goals edge of just 22-20.
They really could not have played it any closer.
They are both outstanding teams. They are evenly matched. The winner will almost certainly be the heavy favorite to represent the Western Conference in the Stanley Cup Final no matter who comes out of the Pacific Division bracket.
For as similar as their results on the ice were this season, the teams have taken two very different paths to reach this point.
The Predators have been a consistent playoff team in recent years, and while they have a strong core of homegrown talent (Roman Josi, Viktor Arvidsson, Mattias Ekholm, Ryan Ellis, Pekka Rinne, etc.), a large portion of this team has been pieced together through trades, including two of the biggest player-for-player blockbusters in recent years. They also made the occasional big free agent signing. They traded for Filip Forsberg. They traded Shea Weber for P.K. Subban. They traded Seth Jones for Ryan Johansen. They traded for Kyle Turris. They signed Nick Bonino away from the Pittsburgh Penguins. They have been bold and aggressive when it comes to building their roster.
On the other side, you have the Winnipeg Jets, a team that has been the antithesis of the Predators in terms of roster construction.
Since arriving in Winnipeg at the start of the 2011-12 season the Jets, under the direction of general manager Kevin Cheveldayoff, have taken part in one of the most patient, slow, methodical “rebuilds” in pro sports, and in the process demonstrated a very important lesson of sorts.
Sometimes it pays to do absolutely nothing at all.
[NBC's Stanley Cup Playoff Hub]
On the ice, the Jets have been a mostly mediocre team since arriving in Winnipeg, continuing the tradition the franchise had established for itself during its days as the Atlanta Thrashers. Before this season they made the playoffs once in six seasons in Winnipeg and were promptly swept in four straight games (just as they were in their only playoff appearance in Atlanta).
They were never among the NHL's worst teams, but they were also never good enough to be in the top-eight of their conference. They were mediocrity defined.
The lack of success was at times baffling because it's not like it was a team totally devoid of talent. It also at the same made complete sense because the single biggest hurdle standing in front of them was the simple fact they never had a competent goaltender or one true superstar to be a difference-maker.
In other words, they were basically the Canadian version of the Carolina Hurricanes.
What stands out about the Jets' approach is they never let the lack of success lead to overreactions. We have seen time and time again in the NHL what overreactions due to a lack of success can do to a team. It can lead to core players being traded for less than fair value. It can lead to teams throwing good money at bad free agents and crippling the salary cap for years to come. It can lead to a revolving door of coaching changes. When all of that works together, it can set a franchise back for years.
The Jets did none of that.
Literally, they did none of it.
They have had the same general manager since 2011-12 even though before this season he had built one playoff team.
Despite their lack of success when it came to making the playoffs, they have made just one coaching change, replacing Claude Noel with Paul Maurice mid-way through the 2013-14 season.
Just for comparisons sake, look at how many coaching changes other comparable teams have gone through over that same time frame. Buffalo is on its fifth coach (and third general manager). Dallas will be hiring its fourth coach this offseason since the start of 2011-12. Calgary, after the hiring of Bill Peters on Monday, is on its fourth coach. Florida is on its fifth.
You want significant roster changes? Well, there has not been much of that, either. At least not in the “roster move” sense.
The Jets never tore it all down to the ground and went for a full-on rebuild. It took Cheveldayoff four years on the job before he made a single trade that involved him giving up an NHL player and receiving an NHL player in return. Even since then he has really only made one or two such moves.
There are still five players on the roster left over from the Atlanta days — Blake Wheeler, Tobias Enstrom, Bryan Little, Dustin Byfuglien, and Ben Chiarot, who was a draft-pick by the team when it was Atlanta — even though it has now been seven years since they played there. The fact so many core players still remain from then is perhaps the most surprising development given how much the team has lost during that time.
How many teams would have looked at the team's lack of success and decided that it just had to trade a Blake Wheeler? Or a Dustin Byfuglien? Or a Bryan Little? Or a Tobias Enstrom? Or, hell, all of them? You see it all the time when teams don't win or lose too soon in the playoffs or don't accomplish their ultimate goal. At that point a core player just has to go. Have to change the culture, you know? Have to get tougher and make changes. The Blackhawks got swept in the first-round a year ago and decided they had to trade Artemi Panarin to get Brandon Saad back because they had won with him before. The Oilers were a constant embarrassment and decided they just had to trade Tayor Hall and Jordan Eberle to help fix that. Montreal just had to get rid of P.K. Subban.
The Jets, to their credit, recognized that their core players were good. They were productive. They were players they could win with if they could just find a way to add pieces around them and maybe, one day, solve their goaltending issue. The only significant core players the Jets have traded over the past seven years have been Andrew Ladd and Evander Kane. Ladd was set to become an unrestricted free agent when he was dealt at the trade deadline two years ago and a split between the Jets and Kane just seemed like it had to happen at the time of his trade.
They have also refrained from dipping their toes into the free agent market.
You know what happens when you avoid free agency? You don't get saddled with bad contracts that you either have to eventually buy out, bury in the minor leagues, or give up valuable assets to get rid of in a trade. Free agents, in almost every instance, are players that have already played their best hockey for another team, and you — the new team — are going to end up paying them more money than their previous team did. It is not a cap-friendly approach.
Only one player on the Jets' roster is set to make more than $6.2 million over the next two years (Byfuglien makes $7 million). The only players on the roster that were acquired via NHL free agency are Matthieu Perrault, Matt Hendricks, Steve Mason and Dmitry Kulikov.
Mason and Kulikov, who combine to make $8 million the next couple of seasons, are probably the only bad contracts on the roster, and both are off the books within the next two years. Oddly enough, both were signed before this season. Neither has made a significant impact.
Looking at the Jets' playoff roster you see how this team has been pieced together.
Five players were leftovers from the Atlanta days (where three of them — Enstrom, Little, Chiarot — were drafted by the team then).
Only four players — Myers, Joe Morrow, Joel Armia and Paul Stastny — were acquired by trade.
Hendricks, Perrault, and Mason are the only players to have appeared in a playoff game that were acquired as free agents (Perrault — due to injury — and Hendricks have played in one each; Mason played one period in the first round).
The rest of the team, 12 players, were all acquired via draft picks.
So what did the Jets do well to get? Focus on the latter point there. They kept all of their draft picks, they hit on their important draft picks, and they got a little bit of luck in the draft lottery at the exact right time to allow them to get the franchise player — Patrik Laine — that they needed.
This is where the Jets have really made their progress, and it is not like they did it by tanking for lottery picks.
Between 2011 and now the Jets have picked higher than ninth in the NHL draft just two times. Only once did they pick higher than seventh. NHL draft history shows us that there is usually a significant drop in talent and expected production between even the second and eighth picks. No matter where the Jets have picked in recent years they have found NHL talent — top talent — with their first-round picks.
They got Mark Scheifele seventh overall in 2011. He is a core player and among the top-four goal scorers and point producers in the NHL from his draft class.
They got Jacob Trouba ninth in 2012. He is also a core player and a top-pairing defender.
Josh Morrissey was the 13th pick in 2013.
Nikolaj Ehlers was the ninth pick in 2014 and is the third highest point producer and goal scorer from that class.
In 2015 they picked Kyle Connor (one of the top rookies in the NHL this season) at 17 with their own selection, then got forward Jack Roslovic at 25 with the pick they acquired in the Kane trade.
The next year in 2016 they had the ping pong balls go their way to get Laine at No. 2 and had another first-rounder (Logan Stanley) as a result of the Ladd trade.
They pretty much not only hit on every first-round draft pick they had between 2011 and 2016 (Stanley is the only one of the eight not currently on the team) but in most of the cases probably got more than the expected value from that pick.
When you combine that with a core that already top-end talent like Wheeler, Byfuglien, Enstrom, and then finally give them competent goaltending you have the force that the Jets have become this season.
Will this sort of approach work for everybody? Probably not (and if I'm being honest, I was highly critical of the Jets' approach on more than one occasion over the years), and it requires an owner and general manager that has an almost unheard of level of patience in professional sports to stick with it. And let's face it, sometimes you do need to make changes. I'm not advocating for say, the New York Islanders, to just keep letting Garth Snow do whatever it is he is doing. And maybe the Jets would have been a playoff team sooner had they made a better effort to find a goalie, for example. You also need to have a little bit of luck when it comes to the draft.
But there are still some important lessons that the rest of the NHL can take from the Jets' patient approach, especially when it comes to keeping your good players even when times get tough, and not thinking that all of the answers to your problems are available on July 1 when everyone acts like they have a blank check to sign whoever they want.
A few years ago Maple Leafs blog Pension Plan Puppets jokingly asked who had a better first day of free agency, then-general manager Dave Nonis, or a potato. The joke being that the potato had a better day because it was an inanimate object that couldn't do something dumb. I don't mean this is an insult to Cheveldayoff, but the Jets for the past seven years have basically been the potato in the sense that they just sat back and did nothing except keep their good players, keep their draft picks, and not sign overvalued players in free agency.
If you do nothing, you can't mess up.
Today, the Jets might actually win a Stanley Cup because of it.
Hockey really is funny sometimes.
————
Adam Gretz is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @AGretz.
By Jon Wiederhorn
Metallica's performance with Lady Gaga at the GRAMMY's on Sunday (Feb. 12) was one of the explosive highlights of the evening even though frontman James Hetfield's mic wasn't working for much of the song. But at the end of the number, he threw his guitar and kicked over a mic stand. Then he stormed offstage and flipped out.
Related: Watch Metallica & Lady Gaga's GRAMMY Performance with Working Audio
“I haven't seen him like that in 20 years,” drummer Lars Ulrich told James Corden last night on The Late late Show. “I mean, he was livid. I mean, he's aged really well and he's a pretty chill guy, but the first five or 10 minutes in that dressing room was not a lot of fun.”
While GRAMMY champion Adele was able to start her tribute to George Michael again after a technical problem that wasn't an option for Metallica. “In the heat of the battle you're out there you're playing when it's a technical issue you don't really know is it going to the house, do his vocals gong to the truck?” Ulrich said. “Maybe it's the monitors, so you just gotta keep playing.”
To compensate for the technical failure—which was reportedly caused by a stagehand accidentally pulling out the wrong plug—Hetfield sang into Gaga's mic during the show as flames shot up around them and behind Ulrich. And Gaga's stage dive was certainly exciting.
“We fought through it,” Ulrich said. “And, you know, with the fire and Gaga in my lap for a minute at one point, it was just keep going, keep going. keep going. So we just fought through it, and a lot of people said it at least made for great television.”
Hetfield might have been upset about more than the defective mic. Though Metallica was announced to play the GRAMMYs long before it was announced that Gaga would join them, their name was accidentally excluded from the performance introduction by Laverne Cox.
“I know Metallica, so this is the thing—people think that I do not know Metallica,” she told People explains in an apology. “It was on the teleprompter and I was in a moment, and I just thought I said them until afterwards.”
“It was just a mistake,” she added. “I love Metallica, I love metal, and I got into heavy metal actually because a lot of the boys I was interested in back in the day were into metal. It was not me dissing them at all. I love Metallica — I'm so sorry. I apologized to them on Twitter and to all the fans. It was just a mistake. I'm human.”
I am so sorry to #Metallica and all their fans. I am told I didn't say their names during the intro. Love you Metallica. You Rock. #Grammys —
Laverne Cox (@Lavernecox) February 13, 2017
Watch Lars Ulrich on The Late Late Show:
AMSTERDAM: Turkey has sentenced a judge at a U.N. war crimes court to 7 years and six months in prison on charges of "membership in a terrorist organization", the court in the Hague, Netherlands said on Thursday.
Judge Aydin Sedaf Akay has been held since September, one of tens of thousands of Turkish officials arrested in a crackdown on people and organisations after a foiled coup in which hundreds died.
The U.N. court said in a statement that Turkey's actions violated international law, as Akay should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
(Reporting by Toby Sterling; editing by Ralph Boulton)
Uber Technologies Inc said on Monday that it had appealed regulations that have barred it from accepting cash fares in the Mexican state of Puebla, in a new challenge to clampdowns on the ride-hailing service in Latin America.
MEXICO CITY: Uber Technologies Inc said on Monday that it had appealed regulations that have barred it from accepting cash fares in the Mexican state of Puebla, in a new challenge to clampdowns on the ride-hailing service in Latin America.
Uber stopped accepting cash payments in the Mexico City-adjacent state on Friday, responding to demands from state authorities, and filed an appeal to a federal judge against the regulation the same day.
But the company said cash fares are crucial to reach Mexican consumers who do not have credit cards.
"To continue being a transportation option for people who pay in cash and to maintain the earnings of driver-partners, the company has decided to take, as a last resort, the corresponding legal actions and request an appeal," Uber said in a statement on Monday.
Authorities from Mexico to Brazil have tried to rein in Uber's use of cash payments, in Brazil because of concerns that cash makes drivers targets of crime, and in Mexico because of worries that allowing cash puts Uber in direct competition with traditional taxis.
In Puebla, specifically, lawmakers responded to the murders of two female college students who had used ride-hailing services with new rules in October aimed at improving companies' vetting of drivers.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The rules specify that the companies should use "electronic payments," but Uber continued offering users in the state the option to pay in cash after the law went into effect on Nov. 7.
Uber maintains that the language in the law does not expressly ban cash payments.
A spokesman for Puebla's Secretary of Infrastructure, Mobility and Transport did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
In addition, Uber is appealing a provision in the law that holds the company and other ride-hailing companies directly responsible for what happens during trips, saying it violates its right to "due process."
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Uber has said authorities should conduct investigations to determine responsibility on a case by case basis.
Uber is also appealing a provision in the law that requires the company to give authorities access to the platform, citing privacy concerns for riders and drivers. The company will continue to cooperate with criminal investigations, a spokesman said.
Uber faces curbs on its activity in other Mexican states. Last month, legislators in Quintana Roo, the southeastern state that includes Cancun, said they were also considering a proposal that would bar drivers from accepting cash and set minimum value and age criteria for the cars used for trips.
(Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Frank Jack Daniel and Mary Milliken)
The Sierra Club's Colorado meeting to discuss the pros of wolf reintroduction in the state was met attended by a room full of ranchers and hunters, armed with the cons of a plan they say will wreak havoc on businesses, agriculture and wildlife.
"Our singular goal is to return wolves to Colorado — we want to do that because we know we will restore Colorado's natural balance if we can do that," Delia Malone, Sierra Club wildlife chair, said during a meeting held in Steamboat Springs, Colo., on Dec. 7.
The meeting, held at the Bud Werner Memorial Library, had over a 100 in attendance, including several police officers.
"The tone was already set, when you walk in and you see police officers," said Jo Stanko, whose family ranch in Routt County dates back to 1907.
Malone, who hoped to change the public's perception on wolf reintroduction, may have fell short in the mountain community, filled with a history of agriculture and hunting.
The turnout included guests who had come to vent, and not just locals, but also producers and hunters from bordering states, according to Stanko.
Recommended Stories For You
"I thought it was pretty brave of (Malone)," Stanko said, but added that Malone claimed she was there to have a conversation on the topic.
"She remained very calm. And she kept to her script. She didn't really want to have a conversation," Stanko said.
Wolves have not populated Colorado since the 1940s, but groups like the Sierra Club are hoping to change that. But while Colorado may not have a counted population, they have migrated from other states. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has brought wolves back to Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico and Arizona.
WOLF SIGHTINGS
In July 2016, Colorado Parks and Wildlife issued a statement on wolves in Colorado, noting that "it is increasingly likely that the growing wolf populations and range in nearby states will eventually expand across state lines." The agency cited a recent increase in unconfirmed sightings, as well as confirmed sightings.
"It's the world's worst kept secret," Stanko said, referring to the wolves that are already in Colorado.
Activists such as the Sierra Club would like to make the introduction more official, and view the Colorado Rockies, loaded with deer and elk, as the ideal habitat for wolves. The last try for reintroduction, in 2016, was not successful, with the Colorado Parks and Wildlife Commission voting 7-4 against it.
To the surprise of some attendees, Malone mentioned during the meeting that she had been working with several ranchers in Colorado, that supported the recovery, according to Stanko. But following the meeting, Malone released a statement.
"I stated that the Sierra Club, along with other groups, had been meeting with ranchers to discuss their concerns about wolf reintroduction. I said that we had met with several ranchers in the Roaring Fork valley including Bill Fales and Marj Perry and Tim Nieslanik. I in no way meant to imply that they are working with us to reintroduce gray wolves to Colorado — they are not. They remain vehemently opposed to wolf reintroduction and only met with us to express their concerns and their complete and unqualified opposition to wolf reintroduction," Malone wrote.
Colorado Cattlemen's Association, founded in 1867, shared two basic reasons for producer opposition to reintroduction of Wolves into the Southern Rocky Mountain Ecosystem:
1. We believe that the introduction is driven by the faulty assumption that the presence of the wolf is necessary for healthy ecosystem function. We would suggest that any healthy ecosystem has the capability of adapting to the constant change under which it exists. Constant perturbation is the norm for an ecological system and, in fact, systems are dependent upon these perturbations for proper functioning. Whether wildfire, disease, or the constant ebb and flow of predator/prey populations, ecological systems possess the inherent capacity to evolve with environmental fluctuation.
As one component of the system wanes, others quickly fill the void. We believe that the current site of larger predators including the mountain lion, black bear, coyote, lynx and humans can be effectively managed to appropriately contain prey species within carrying capacities. This may require some shift in our current sport hunting philosophies, but it is certainly within our capabilities.
2. We continue to remain concerned over the high potential for conflict with wolf/human interactions. Particularly problematic are interactions between wolf populations and domestic livestock populations. It is our understanding that where other wolf reintroduction efforts have and are being done, the ranching community has, for the most part, not been totally satisfied with the resolutions of the conflicts. For example, the simple reimbursement of current market value for an animal lost to wolves does not take into consideration the loss of reproductive capacities from a well-developed gene pool or the economic loss experienced by the necessity of having to relocate an entire herd as the result of denning activity by wolves.
The potential for serious conflict between dogs, whether kept for sport hunting or as family pets, must be considered. This is particularly true in the southern Rockies where humans, engaged in recreational activities on federal lands have demonstrated a marked proclivity for having dogs as companion animals.
MEXICAN WOLF
The heated meeting in Steamboat Springs, came on the heels of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service revision of the Mexican Wolf Recovery Plan, that includes a plan to remove wolves from the endangered and threatened list, and turn management over to the states. The original recovery plan was published in 1982, but USFWS has been working to reestablish the population since 1998, and the population in Arizona and New Mexico reached 113 in 2016.
The revised plan set 10 activist groups immediately on the defense calling it a "blueprint for disaster," and plans to sue are already in the works.
The Sierra Club, along with The Center for Biological Diversity, Western Watersheds Project, the Grand Canyon Wolf Recovery project, Wildlands Network, WildEarth Guardians, Wolf Conservation Center, Defenders of Wildlife, Endangered Species Coalition, Grand Canyons Wildlands, and former USFWS Mexican Wolf Coordinator David Parsons issued a joint statement just two hours after the agency's announcement.
"This isn't a recovery plan, it's a blueprint for disaster for Mexican gray wolves," the Center for Biological Diversity's conservation advocate Michael Robinson said. "By limiting their habitat and stripping protections too soon, this plan ignores the science and ensures Mexican wolves never reach sufficient numbers to be secure."
The recovery plan revision was mandated by a settlement agreement between the agency, the state of Arizona, and a coalition represented by Earthjustice. The coalition sued in 2014 after the agency released an Environmental Impact Statement without a recovery plan.
According to USFWS, the Mexican wolf population is on its way to stability and continues to increase. The recovery strategy for the Mexican wolf has been implemented south of I-40 in Arizona and New Mexico, in the area designated as the Mexican Wolf Experimental Population Area. The magic number to get the Mexican wolf off the endangered species list is 320. In 2016, it was estimated that 113 wolves were living in the region.
"Mexican wolves are on the road to recovery in the Southwest thanks to the cooperation, flexibility and hard work of our partners," said Amy Lueders, the Service's Southwest regional director. "This spirit of collaboration is going to help us meet the recovery goals for this species. States, tribes, landowners, conservation groups, the captive breeding facilities, federal agencies and citizens of the Southwest can be proud of their roles in saving this sentinel of wilderness."
RECOVERY CONFLICTS
During the Steamboat meeting, producers were quick to counter Malone's argument on recovering balance, and what they thought were hand-picked statistics that didn't show the big picture.
Malone used the "trophic cascade" theory in her push for reintroduction.
In a nutshell — the wolf-driven trophic cascade applies the domino effect, that the absence of the animal created an unhealthy change in the landscape, that included events such as elk overgrazing on willows and other low land plants, and the reintroduction of the wolf, saved the landscape.
What Malone didn't have answers to, according to Stanko, was the livestock issue.
"It's the ranchers that ultimately take the emotional brunt," Stanko said, sharing several stories involving producers losing animals to wolf predation.
One story she mentioned is hot in the social media pages currently, and involves elk.
"For everyone that doesn't want management this is what happens. We had 18 elk slaughtered by wolves on our feed-grounds in one night this week. Sixteen were calves that were not eaten at all. Killed and left for dead. The other were two pregnant cow elk. The wolves ripped the fetuses from the elk, most likely from signs, while they will still alive, to later die. Again, they did not eat the cows. Eighteen kills to eat two fetuses. This makes nearly 70 elk on our feed-grounds, alone this winter. We must use common sense, decency and real conversations to regulate this issue," is posted on the Facebook page of Idahoans for Liberty.
In March 2016, a Wyoming gray wolf pack killed 19 elk in a single night.
"Normally one or two elk a night here and there is no big deal, but 19 in one night is fairly rare," Wyoming Game and Fish Department supervisor John Lund told a local TV station.
In 2016, in Wyoming, wolves killed a record number of livestock and wildlife managers killed a record number of wolves.
A report released by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service found that wolves killed 243 livestock, including 154 cattle, 88 sheep and one horse, in 2016. In 2015, 134 livestock deaths attributed to wolves were recorded. The previous record was 222 livestock killed in 2009.
As a result, wildlife managers killed 113 wolves in 2016 that were confirmed to be attacking livestock. In 2015, they killed 54 wolves. The state of Wyoming paid cattle and sheep producers $315,062 in compensation for livestock losses.
Communication will continue to be the key, according to Stanko, whether they are "introduced" or not.
"We need the tools to manage them," she added, pointing out that in Colorado, if a domestic dog can be shot for just "worrying livestock," it would make sense that a federally regulated cousin to the domestic dog, should fall under the same rules.
-Eatherton is a freelance writer from Beaulah, Wyo. When she's not writing, she's riding her horse or playing with her grandson. She can be reached at teatherton@msn.com.
There are some days on which the towering talent that is PV Sindhu plays such exquisite badminton that it is irresistible. Saturday was one of those occasions on which the lanky Indian produced a virtuoso performance to leave former world champion, Ratchanok Intanon of Thailand, shellshocked and at the receiving end of a 48-minute 21-13, 21-15 demolition in the semi-finals of the India Open World Tour badminton championships.
Wildly cheering Indian supporters thronging the Siri Fort Indoor Stadium in New Delhi were treated to a high-quality, fast-paced battle of two 22-year-olds, in which the speed, power and aggression of Sindhu emerged trumps against the dancing footwork and deceptive strokeplay of the Thai, who had won the world championship as an 18-year-old in 2013. Indeed, the one-sided scoreline is deceptive, for the match was fought essentially on an even keel, and with lengthy, probing rallies, particularly in the second game.
It became apparent, from the first few points of the match that Sindhu had come with a plan of embracing all-out aggression, and not allowing Intanon to settle into any sort of rhythm. From a 1-3 early deficit, the Indian reeled off a dozen points without reply, to virtually seal the opening game. The Thai girl gradually got back into the flow of the match, but that 13-3 lead was too much for her to make up, or entertain any thoughts of reeling her opponent in.
For most of the second stanza, there was very little to separate the two, but Sindhu went into the lemon break with an 11-7 advantage. As the Indian's smashing power reduced in the face of the lengthy, energy-sapping rallies, Intanon hauled in the slack, and came up to 13-14, and then 14-16. This was where Sindhu's superior fitness weighed in the balance, as she raised the pace a notch, went for broke, and wrapped up the duel with five of the final six points.
It is significant to report that, even after her storming win on Saturday, Sindhu continues to trail Intanon 3-4 in career head-to-heads, but that she has won both their last two encounters over the past three months in straight games. The Hyderabadi had beaten the Thai girl by a 21-17, 21-17 scoreline when the two had last bumped into each other at the Hong Kong Open in November 2017, before losing the final to her nemesis, Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei.
In Sunday's final, the Indian will cross swords with Chinese-born American, Beiwen Zhang, whose steadiness enabled her to pip Hong Kong's Cheung Ngan Yi by a 14-21, 21-12, 21-19 verdict in just over an hour. Actually, Zhang should have won more easily, for she had a handy 13-6 lead in the decider. But the 24-year-old Hong Kong girl dug deep, and pulled back from 16-20 down to within a point of restoring parity, only to be caught back-pedalling after being deceived by a late wristy backhand net shot by the Chinese-American.
Sindhu will need to be watchful against Zhang for, although she leads their head-to-head 2-1, she has lost to the World No 11 in three games on the last occasion that the two met — at the Indonesia Open in June 2017. The problem, for Sindhu, has been consistency, for she is capable of producing a world-beating performance on one day, and lapse into prodigality the very next.
As for the men's singles, the dream run of Malaysia's Iskandar Zulkarnain Zainuddin finally came to an end when he was knocked out by the No 4 seed from China, Shi Yuqi, at 18-21, 21-10, 21-19 in a 69-minute encounter that proved to be the second-longest match of the day, behind the 81-minute long women's doubles clash between Indonesians Greysia Polii and Apriyani Rahayu, and Danes Kamilla Rytter-Juhl and Christinna Pedersen.
Actually, the 26-year-old Malaysian, who came through the qualifying rounds to knock out two Indians, No 2 seed Kidambi Srikanth and Sameer Verma, on his way to the semi-final, had himself to blame for his narrow reverse. He had painstakingly built up a 16-12 lead in the decider with some resolute defending against the 21-year-old Chinese player, who was runner-up in last year's All England Superseries Premier, and is being touted as the logical successor to Chen Long.
At this stage, Zulkarnain, with the scent of victory in his nostrils, seemed to find it hard to believe that he was on the threshold of the India Open final. He lapsed into nervous error, allowing Shi to catch up at 16-all in a trice, and hang on for dear life, to breast the tape. Despite the Malaysian's acrobatic defending, the Chinese youngster relied on all-out smashing in the closing reaches of the match, and the aggression paid rich dividends.
It was, however, curtains for the other Chinese player in the men's singles semi-finals, Qiao Bin. The 25-year-old Qiao, ranked 35th in the world, lost to the No 3 seed from Chinese Taipei, Chou Tien Chen, by a 23-21, 21-16 scoreline.
Qiao had actually held a 2-1 lead in career meetings over the Taiwanese ace, three years his senior; and had beaten him on the two most recent occasions that they had clashed, in 2016. This time, Chou saved two game-points in the crucial first game, to take it over the extra points, and then made up deficits of 5-10 and 8-12 in the second game, to catch up at 12-all, and then step on the accelerator from 15-all.
The final between the third and fourth seeds of this $350,000 prize money event will mark the first time that Shi and Chou will be clashing; and it promises to be a close, absorbing encounter between bubbling youth and rich experience.
Editor's note: In preparation for the start of Patriots training camp in late July, we'll go through each position and break down our projected depth chart before players compete for roles on the final 53-man roster.
One of the positions most heavily criticized after the Patriots loss in Super Bowl LII was the linebackers. Hampered by injuries and lack of inexperience, the linebacker group needs to make serious improvements heading into the 2018 season.
Now with everyone healthy, the nine-man competition heading into to training camp will not only bring out the best in the players vying for those spots but it will help guide the Patriots towards an improved defense as they look to make their way back to the Super Bowl once more.
Let's take a look at the competitors at the linebacker position.
1. Dont'a Hightower
After tearing a pectoral muscle last season, Dont'a Hightower looks to return to his 2016 form when he made the Pro Bowl for the first time.
As a captain and playmaker on defense, Hightower's absence during the second half of last season was a large part of the reason why the Patriots defense struggled mightily, so his return is welcome. Hightower's ability to play in coverage, stop the run and rush the passer means the team gains back some immense talent in the second layer of the defense — and gives the veteran linebacker a chance to return to the Patriots as their leader on the field.
However injuries have haunted him the past couple years, as he's missed 14 regular season games in that time span. Hightower's health and his ability to anchor the defense will go a long way in helping the Patriots work toward a sixth championship.
Advertisement
Arik Air has suspended its international flight operations to the London and Johannesburg routes.
The spokesman of the Asset Management Company of Nigeria, AMCON, Jude Nwauzor, made the announcement in a statement issued on Tuesday in Lagos.
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that AMCON had on February 9 taken over the airline following its huge indebtedness to the company and other creditors, both local and foreign.
Mr. Nwauzor said the suspension would enable Arik Air to find permanent solution to problems facing its passengers and carry out a thorough assessment of its situation.
He said :”The strategic business decision is meant to realign our operations and refocus on satisfying our domestic and West Africa and other international passengers.
“It will also present Arik with excellent opportunity to engage and discuss with creditors who have become restive since the intervention and have also understandably exhausted their patience due to non-payment of accumulated debt and non-performance on services and contracts.”
Advertisement
Mr. Nwauzor said consequent upon this, arrangements were being made to refund all international passengers of the airline that were affected by this decision.
“To our international creditors, Arik is most grateful for your patience and understanding.
“We reassure them that all pending issues with the airline will be duly addressed as a matter of priority as we plan to engage them in this regard,” he added.
According to him, the international route is very critical for the strategic turn around, growth strategy and stability of the airline.
Mr. Nwauzor said the airline intends to revisit the routes immediately it addresses all the problems inherited, which was affecting and creating more dissatisfied passenger base.
“We appeal to all passengers to kindly bear with us as the decision is to ensure that the airline adheres strictly to international aviation best practices,” he said.
Durham Regional Police officers have followed up their January non-confidence vote against Chief Paul Martin with a union-commissioned survey that shows the majority want him to go.
More than half of the officers who responded to a new survey conducted by Pollara (52%) said they wanted Martin removed immediately while 77 % indicated they didn't want his contract renewed next spring.
The survey, commissioned by the Durham Regional Police Association, followed a vote of non-confidence against Martin, the Police Services Board and CAO Stan MacLellan at a special January meeting held by the union. Less than half of the association's members — 418 of the union's 1,150 members — responded to the survey.
Toronto Police officers have also delivered a vote of non-confidence against their chief, Mark Saunders.
“I've never seen morale as low as it is right now,” said Randy Henning, the president of the Durham Regional Police Association and 35-year veteran of the force.
“We've been trying to tell management for at least two years, things are really bad here. And it's fallen on deaf ears. We have a problem with communications here in Durham. I don't think this is unique to Durham region. I think this is a trend across the province.”
The Durham Regional Police Services Board said in a statement it continues to support Martin and will review the survey's results at its April 9 meeting.
Martin, meanwhile, issued a statement: “I respect the issues and concerns that have been brought forward in the survey and will work with my leadership team over the next few weeks to analyze the results in greater detail. We need to better understand some of the root causes of the dissatisfaction and clear up any misunderstandings about the work being done.”
Here's how Henning responded to questions about the survey, which was conducted Feb. 5-25 and has margin of error of 3.8%, 19 times out of 20.
Q. What are the other main points in the survey against the leadership?
A. Two-thirds of our membership (66%) has lost faith in the way the police sServices Board is essentially doing their job. And CAO Stan MacLellan, 80 % of our members feel he should be removed immediately from his position.
Q. What does the survey say about workplace culture?
A. Eighty-one per cent of our members feel that promotions are based on who you know. What's even worse than that is 51 % of those people that feel that way, strongly feel that way.
Q. Anything else of significance?
A. We asked the members, ‘In the last three years, have you experienced any kind of bullying or harassment at work?' Seventy per cent responded, saying they had and that as a number is staggering to me. What's even more, I guess, disheartening for me, is those who said that they had, only 21 % actually filed a complaint. And when we asked them why, 69 % of the membership felt that it would affect their job, 56 % felt it wouldn't be addressed properly by management and 37 % felt that it would never be addressed in a reasonable time frame anyway.
BERLIN: Support for Germany's Social Democrats is unchanged from a week ago at 31 percent, a poll showed on Wednesday, as their support stagnated after a surge following the nomination last month of Martin Schulz as party leader for September's federal election.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives remained three points ahead of the Social Democratic Party (SPD), with 34 percent, the Forsa survey for Stern magazine and broadcaster RTL showed.
The poll showed Merkel pipping Schulz if there were a direct vote for chancellor, winning by 38 percent to his 37 percent. That result marked a one percentage point rise in support for Merkel from a week ago, with Schulz unchanged.
The SPD, Merkel's junior coalition partner, had been trailing the conservatives for years in opinion polls until the nomination of Schulz sparked a revival in support for the party, which last won an election under Gerhard Schroeder in 2002.
"In order to succeed Chancellor Merkel, Schulz must now present a convincing programme," Forsa chief Manfred Guellner said.
The Forsa put the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) in third place, down one percentage point on the week at 9 percent. The far-left Linke were unchanged on 8 percent and the Greens fell one percentage point to 7 percent.
The liberal Free Democrats (FDP) were at 5 percent.
Forsa polled 2,502 voters from Feb. 5 to Feb. 10.
(Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by David Gregorio)
RAMALLAH, West Bank: Marwan Barghouthi, a Palestinian uprising leader jailed for life by Israel, would win most votes if an election were held to find a successor for 82-year-old President Mahmoud Abbas, a survey released on Wednesday found.
The poll was conducted by the Ramallah-based Palestinian Centre for Policy and Survey Research (PCPSR), which interviewed 2,150 adults in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
Advertisement
Thirty percent of respondents named Barghouthi, a member of Abbas' Fatah faction whom an Israeli court handed five life sentenced for murder in 2004, as their favourite to replace the president.
Israel accuses Barghouthi, 59, of masterminding attacks by Fatah's armed wing, the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades. Seen as a pragmatist, he enjoys strong grassroots support and has good relations with all factions, including with Islamist group Hamas.
The next most popular candidate was Ismail Haniyeh, head of the Islamist faction Hamas, with 23 percent support.
Questions about Abbas's prospects were raised by his eight-day hospitalisation in May for what officials said was a lung infection.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Wednesday's poll found that 61 percent of the public want Abbas to resign and 33 percent want him to stay in office.
Abbas became president in 2005 after the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, and pursued U.S.-led peace talks with Israel. But many Palestinians lost faith in him as his efforts yielded no gains and talks stalled in 2014.
Abbas' democratic mandate expired nine years ago, with no new elections set due to a Fatah-Hamas power struggle that has been exacerbated by Israeli controls on the occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
Trailing Barghouthi and Haniyeh as mooted Abbas successors were Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah and former Gaza strongman Mohammad Dahlan with 6 percent support each, West Bank activist Mustafa Barghouthi and former Hamas chief Khaled Meshaal (3 percent each), and ex-finance minister Salam Fayyad (2 percent).
The PCPSR poll found that 48 percent of Palestinians believe that, post-Abbas, rival factions would be able to agree on a new election; 41 percent said they did not believe this.
(Writing by Dan Williams; Editing by Nidal al-Mughrabi and Raissa Kasolowsky)
Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure star Alex Winter revealed in a new interview that he was sexually abused as a child actor in the 1970s. He admits to not talking about it publicly before because he thought it was a "potentially dangerous secret." The actor and director also said that he felt a weird dynamic that made him afraid for his own safety if he were to speak out about what happened to him as a child. Though he went through hell as a child, Alex Winter admits that co-starring with Keanu Reeves in Bill & Ted was "therapeutic" for him.
Alex Winter attributed the new change in the Hollywood landscape to allow him to feel comfortable talking about the abuse that he suffered as a child. Winter does not go into detail about who hurt him, but instead chose to talk about the existing problem in Hollywood and stated that it's a part of human nature. The actor also noted that a change was not going to happen quickly. He had this to say.
"The problems aren't going to get sorted out overnight, because frankly, these issues are part of the fabric of human nature, and they've existed since there have been human beings walking around on the planet."
Alex Winter didn't previously speak about his experiences with childhood sexual abuse publicly because he says, "there is a power dynamic that does put you in a position where you're afraid for your own safety. So, there's that, on top of the taboo nature of being public." Winter explained that the "lightbulb" moment in terms of gaining the courage to speak out about what had happened to him came over the last year, when the Harvey Weinstein scandal broke. Alex Winter added that he never thought he'd ever discuss it with the media.
Though it wasn't evident at the time, Alex Winter admits to having post-traumatic stress disorder from the hell that he endured. It wasn't until his teenage years that he figured that out and then it wasn't until his 30s that he began to slowly work through it. At the time, the actor said he just felt "a massive form of something." He explains.
"That was evident to me while I was still in my teens. And so I began to do work on it. But it really took time, and it really wasn't in my case, I would say, 'til well into my 30s, that I was really able to do heavy lifting on this stuff."
When talking about a solution to the widespread problem, Alex Winter talked about time and a society that's willing to listen. As previously stated, Winter knows that the problems are not going to be sorted out overnight. He had this to say.
"So it's going to take time, it's going to take mental health work, it's going to take the capacity of society to listen to some very unpleasant truths about itself. And there's no doubt that that's going to take time."
Corey Feldman has been out advocating for the safety of child actors for years now, and it seems that the world is getting closer to having real talks about he is very sensitive subject. However, as Winter states, it's still going to take a while and it's going to take the courage of others to stand up and speak out about their experiences. Before shooting Bill & Ted, Alex Winter co-starred with Feldman in the iconic 1987 vampire comedy The Lost Boys, and they shared a seminal scene where Feldman's Edgar Frog actually drives a stake through Winter's character's chest. Though both actors are active on social media, and both are coming out strong for child safety in Hollywood, there doesn't appear to be any communication between the two former co-stars.
Alex Winter admits that he was in a personal hell while filming the original Bill & Ted movies but felt that they helped him through what was going on inside his head. He says that working with Keanu Reeves was a "seminal" time for himself. Winter says.
"The films were really, really seminal for me, personally, in that way. They were really therapeutic for me in a way, and they gave me kind of grounding that I moved off from with them. The world of Bill & Ted is a very sweet and fun place to run around in."
As Alex Winter moves forward, he might be returning to the "sweet and fun place" of another Bill & Ted movie. The plot is there, but that's about it, so we'll have to wait and see. You can read more about Alex Winter coming out to share his story of childhood sexual abuse through BBC 5.
England striker Danny Welbeck says he has emerged mentally stronger after a knee injury ruled him out of the 2016 European Championships and the 27-year-old is keen to make an impact in next month's World Cup in Russia.
REUTERS: England striker Danny Welbeck says he has emerged mentally stronger after a knee injury ruled him out of the 2016 European Championships and the 27-year-old is keen to make an impact in next month's World Cup in Russia.
Welbeck was sidelined for eight months after undergoing surgery for the knee problem but the Arsenal forward has since forced his way back into England manager Gareth Southgate's plans.
Advertisement
"Missing out on the last tournament with injury was frustrating for me," Welbeck told British media.
"If you get a big injury, it is not easy at all to deal with it. It's a lonely period when you're not out on the pitch helping your teammates and doing what you love doing.
"You can develop mentally when you're away from the pitch. You can take all that frustration, pain and hurt from not playing and try and use that as a way of helping you and reminding you of what you are missing out on."
Welbeck has 15 international goals in 37 matches, the most for any player in the squad bound for Russia and three more than first choice striker Harry Kane, and will look to add to his tally when England takes on Nigeria in a friendly on Saturday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I haven't pointed that out to the manager, he knows all the ins and outs but that is something I want to build on," Welbeck added ahead of the match at Wembley. "I have had a lot of success on the international stage and I want that to continue."
England open their World Cup campaign with a Group G encounter against Tunisia in Volgograd on June 18, before taking on Panama in Nizhny Novgorod on June 24 and finally Belgium in Kaliningrad four days later.
(Reporting by Shrivathsa Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by John O'Brien)
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
In a 535-page verdict, the Supreme Court attempted to end the friction between the Delhi government and the Centre's representative, the Lieutenant-Governor (L-G). On the face of it, the judgment seems to have rapped the L-G for some of the intransigent positions his office has taken, as claimed by the Arvind Kejriwal-led Delhi government. The Delhi chief minister, expectedly, is seemingly happy with the 'victory.' However, there are two immediate issues that come to mind after reading the Supreme Court judgment.
One, the summary of the judgment. What the apex court has done is reiterate, in a long-winding manner with lots of legal anecdotes and ibids and references, what the special provisions of Article 239AA have said long ago. It has neither given nor taken an inch from these provisions.
What then makes the judgment lofty is the constitutional obligation the court refers to, for both the L-G and the Delhi government in ensuring a harmonious administration of the territory. It reminds both of them to always make and see legal sense in whatever they do.
The niggling issue is the complaint of the Delhi government that the L-G refers contentious issues to the President.
The special provision, Clause 4 of 239AA says: "Provided that in the case of difference of opinion between the Lieutenant Governor and his Ministers on any matter, the Lieutenant Governor shall refer it to the President for decision and act according to the decision given thereon by the President and pending such decision it shall be competent for the Lieutenant Governor in any case where the matter, in his opinion, is so urgent that it is necessary for him to take immediate action, to take such action or to give such direction in the matter as he deems necessary."
The Supreme Court said: "The power given in proviso to sub-clause (4) to LG is not to be exercised in a routine manner (emphasis author's) rather it is to be exercised by the LG on valid reasons after due consideration, when it becomes necessary to safeguard the interest of the Union Territory."
That's it. The "on any matter" versus "not… in a routine manner" issue.
The court answers the riddle in the same judgment: "The words “any matter" (emphasis added) employed in the proviso to clause (4) of Article 239AA cannot be inferred to mean "every matter" (emphasis added). The power of the Lieutenant Governor under the said proviso represents the exception and not the general rule which has to be exercised in exceptional circumstances by the Lieutenant Governor keeping in mind the standards of constitutional trust and morality, the principle of collaborative federalism and constitutional balance, the concept of constitutional governance and objectivity and the nurtured and cultivated idea of respect for a representative government. The Lieutenant Governor should not act in a mechanical manner without due application of mind so as to refer every decision of the Council of Ministers to the President."
Has the court thus laid to rest the enigma of when the L-G should go to the President? Perhaps no. What is this "exceptional circumstance" that the court is talking about? The court refers to the phrase in all possible constitutional contexts, ranging from trust and morality to federalism and balance, objective and representative governance. That, for a layman is quite a wide vista, isn't it? In fact, can any "circumstance" be explained or justified by invoking any of these categories?
The court answers this too, because it says: "The Lieutenant Governor should not act in a mechanical manner without due application of mind so as to refer every decision of the Council of Ministers to the President." But isn't that quite generic advice?
What is the political interpretation of the judgment?
On the face of it, the Aam Aadmi Party is happy. But look at the flip side. The judgment has swatted the ruling party's "movement" it was whipping up in the last month or so. The issue with Kejriwal's tweet thanking the judiciary, stands closed. Is that a smirk on the BJP's face that one notices? The judgment has come in handy for the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre, which needed a face-saving device to extricate itself from the Delhi imbroglio that was fast unfolding into a capital hysteria.
Till the next confrontation...
“Fobus Leads The Way”
By Tank Hoover
Fobus Holsters, Israel's premier holster maker, was founded in 1978. They are the first company to use high-density injection molded polymer holsters, which ensures a custom fit and finish for a particular firearm that is both functional and attractive.
Their gear was developed with the Israeli Military and Special Security services in mind and is practically maintenance free. Polymer won't absorb blood-born pathogens or other moisture that can do harm to both the pistol and person wearing Fobus gear. A simple swipe of a rag with a bleach solution will neutralize any host, unlike leather.
Fobus makes holsters for any threat level needed with both passive and active retention depending on your needs. Most styles come in left-handed options.
For holsters or mag pouches coming with an adjustment retention screw, you can adjust the retention pressure to your liking by turning the screw based upon your personal retention preference.
Fobus holsters for the time-tested 1911 come complete with a handy injected molded polymer barrel bushing tool clipping on the holster should you need to break down your pistol in the field.
Fobus is not just another “Kydex carry” outfit where pre-formed sheets of Kydex are heated, pressed around the intended form gun and then bolted together and trimmed. While functional, these press-fit, bolted barrel baskets leave a lot to be desired in looks. Fobus gear uses a firm, smooth supple polymer has a professional look, style and finish demanding respect, manufactured for each specific gun.
Whatever your needs, Fobus has a high quality, polymer injection molded holster or mag pouch to suit. Their endless options will have a combination to keep you and your sidearm happy, safe and secure. Fobus, a leader in modern weapon carry and retention, won't let you down.
In an abrupt course reversal, Democratic Jewish Outreach of Pennsylvania endorsed Scott Wallace, the Democratic nominee in the 1st Congressional District, on Monday, nearly a month after saying it wouldn't do so.
Wallace was criticized by many in the Jewish community after news broke that he was the co-chair of a family-run fund that endorsed organizations supportive of the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement against Israel. Wallace stepped down from the Wallace Global Fund before officially beginning his campaign, but he was scrutinized by DJOP for what one official of the political organization referred to as apparent carelessness.
But DJOP founder Jill Zipin said Monday it's apparent Wallace has educated himself on Israel and BDS. She said DJOP hadn't been in contact with Wallace's campaign since their initial meeting in late May, but after reading his position papers, DJOP believes Wallace now more closely aligns with its values.
“It is clear he has become educated on these ever-important issues in the Jewish community and that is all we can ask of a candidate — to grow and become educated on issues of importance,” Zipin said.
“I'm thrilled to receive the endorsement of the Democratic Jewish Outreach of Pennsylvania,” Wallace wrote in a statement. “In Congress, I will serve as a committed friend to Israel and a loyal ally in our shared mission of promoting long-term peace in the region. I am committed to working to enhance the United States' special relationship with Israel — which is critical to counter-terrorism, national security, job creation and economic growth in both the U.S. and Israel.”
Wallace, 66, is running against incumbent Republican Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick. The Republican Jewish Coalition recently launched a $530,000 campaign, featuring a video in support of Fitzpatrick and denouncing Wallace as anti-Semitic and an enemy of Israel. It also referenced DJOP's initial announcement that it would not endorse Wallace for Congress.
Zipin said DJOP was not pleased about being used in the advertisement, but insisted the ad had no impact on its decision to backtrack and endorse Wallace. Plus, DJOP aligns with Wallace on most domestic issues, she said.
Fitzpatrick “has voted to support President Trump's policies more than 80 percent of the time. He is not the moderate Republican he purports to be. Counter to the interests of Bucks County residents, he has voted with his fellow Republicans on tax breaks for millionaires, and against reproductive choice and a compassionate refugee policy,” DJOP's steering committee wrote in the endorsement.
DJOP is the latest organization to endorse Wallace in the past week. In the past six days, Wallace has received endorsements from the Human Rights Campaign, Planned Parenthood and United Steelworkers.
The race between Wallace and Fitzpatrick, 44, is expected to be one of the most intensely scrutinized of November's midterm elections. In the 2016 election, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton eked past then-GOP nominee Donald Trump with 48.4 percent of the vote in Bucks County to Trump's 47.8 percent.
Democrats are hoping to flip the House from red to blue in November, and it won't be easy. Republicans occupy 235 seats to Democrats' 193, with the 1st Congressional District election considered one that could help close the gap.
For all of Wallace's BDS issues, Fitzpatrick has had his share of controversy. In April he attended an event dedicated to commemorating a plane crash in Smolensk, Russia that killed 96 people, including then-Polish president Lech Kaczynski and other prominent Polish political figures. It was later revealed that several speakers who have made questionable statements about Jewish people attended the event.
“We had no prior knowledge of [the April 14] conference or its attendees, and after learning about Ewa Kurek and some of those others speakers, the congressman completely disavows their work. He finds it abhorrent and repulsive. The congressman is a staunch supporter of Israel, which his voting record reflects,” said Pat Long, Fitzpatrick's congressional office spokesperson.
Joshua Needelman is a staff writer for the Philadelphia Jewish Exponent.
(Reuters Health) - - Properly treating a common sleep-related breathing disorder may have benefits for the heart and for blood sugar, a new study suggests.
If people with obstructive sleep apnea don't use machines at night to help keep the airway open, measures of their heart health and blood sugar worsen, researchers found.
"One of the longstanding debates in our field" is whether sleep apnea actually causes heart issues and problems with blood sugar, "or if they're just associated," said senior author Dr. Jonathan Jun, of Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore.
In obstructive sleep apnea, the airway intermittently collapses or becomes blocked during sleep. The blocked airway causes pauses in breathing.
In the past, researchers have tried to find a direct link between sleep apnea, heart health and blood sugar by comparing patients instructed to use CPAP machines at night to keep the airway open with patients who were instructed to sleep without using these machines. But one of the major issues with those studies is that people may not actually use the CPAP machine, Jun told Reuters Health by phone.
Advertisement
Advertisement
For the new study, the researchers recruited 31 people with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea who were known to regularly use their CPAP machines.
The participants slept two nights in the lab, using their CPAP on only one of the nights. The researchers obtained blood samples while participants slept.
"We are looking at real time changes," said Jun. "We're getting blood every 20 minutes."
As reported in The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism, on the night without CPAP, patients' obstructive sleep apnea returned. On those nights, patients had low levels of oxygen in their blood, poor sleep and an increased heart rate.
Additionally, their blood samples showed increases in fatty acids, sugar and a stress hormone known as cortisol.
The researchers also saw increases in blood pressure and in arterial stiffness, which has been linked with a risk for heart problems.
"These were obese patients and patients with relatively severe sleep apnea. They also had other medical problems," Jun pointed out. People who fit that description may be experiencing the same changes during the night if they sleep without their CPAP machine, he said.
Glucose and fatty acids rose in the overall group without the CPAP machines, but participants with diabetes may be more vulnerable to the glucose elevation, Jun warned.
He said the study can't say what would happen to people with milder sleep apnea.
Because obesity has been tied to an increased risk of sleep apnea, it's been difficult to know if it's the sleep apnea or the obesity itself that's causing those problems, Jun noted.
The new study, he said, "advances that idea that other conditions and not obesity itself are driver of those levels."
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2sXLJaU The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism, online June 8, 2017.
LONDON: Brighton and Hove Albion were promoted to the Premier League after Huddersfield Town were held to a 1-1 draw by Derby County in the Championship on Monday.
Brighton earlier beat Wigan Athletic 2-1 to move seven points clear at the top and Huddersfield's failure to defeat Derby confirmed that the south-coast club will return to the top flight after a 34-year absence.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
NEW YORK: United Continental reported sharply lower first-quarter earnings on Monday (Apr 17) but they still bested analyst expectations, and the airline vowed to remake its customer service after its rough treatment of a passenger stoked global outrage.
Net income for the period ending Mar 31 fell to US$96 million, a 69.3 per cent plunge from the year-ago levels due to higher fuel and labor costs. Revenues were up 2.7 per cent to US$8.4 billion.
United, which has been under fire since ordering a customer to be forcibly removed from an overbooked Chicago flight last week, projected passenger revenue per seat mile would post its first positive growth in two years in the second quarter. The closely-watched benchmark was flat in the first quarter.
"We saw positive trends in the revenue environment in the quarter and are optimistic about the year ahead," United president Scott Kirby said in a statement.
Still, chief executive Oscar Munoz acknowledged much work remains to be done after the company's violent removal of passenger David Dao from an overbooked flight prompted widespread public condemnation after a video of the battered Dao went viral.
"The incident that took place aboard Flight 3411 has been a humbling experience, and I take full responsibility," Munoz said in a press release.
"This will prove to be a watershed moment for our company, and we are more determined than ever to put our customers at the centre of everything we do."
Dao suffered a broken nose and concussion and is planning to sue the airline, his attorney said last week.
Munoz himself came in for heavy criticism for his response early in the crisis in which he appeared to put partial blame for the incident on the passenger, saying in a note to employees that he had "defied" authorities and "compounded" the incident.
But the United chief later shifted tone, telling a television interviewer last Thursday that he felt "shame" for the incident and hoped to speak personally with Dao.
United has also vowed to stop the practice of using police to remove passengers and will likely undertake further changes after a full audit of the incident.
Earnings translated into 41 cents per share, excluding one-time costs, three cents better than analyst expectations.
Shares of United parent United Continental rose 1.0 per cent to US$71.50 in after-hours trading.
Aatish Taseer - A lynching is much more than just a murder. A murder may occur in private. A lynching is a public spectacle; it demands an audience.
The lynching of Pehlu Khan, a 55-year-old dairy farmer, in the western Indian state of Rajasthan at the beginning of this month attracted a live audience of dozens and a virtual one in the millions. Mr. Khan, a Muslim, stood accused of smuggling cows, which are sacred to Hindus. A whole nation watched the scene on its smartphones and televisions: Mr. Khan, a lone hunted figure in white, lurches and stumbles along the edge of a dusty highway. He is pursued by “cow vigilantes,” young men in striped T-shirts and jeans, armed with belts and sticks. Eventually they gain on Mr. Khan, who falls to the ground, clutching his stomach. A crowd with cameras and smartphones circles. In screen within screen, we see Mr. Khan brutally beaten by the vigilantes in broad view of everybody. He died three days later, the sixth fatality since 2015 of a Muslim man subjected to vigilante justice of this kind.
A lynching, unlike, say, a terrorist attack, does not depend on maximizing the loss of life. What matters - whether in the American South a century ago or in India today - are not numbers, but the public, almost orgiastic character of the violence. The crowd surrounding Mr. Khan was baying for him to be doused in gas and set alight. A lynching is a majority's way of telling a minority population that the law cannot protect it. That is why in the American South so many African-American men were dragged from jails or hanged outside courthouses - unmistakable symbolism of the law's paralysis.
In Mr. Khan's case, the law was not merely paralyzed; it actively served the killers. In the first hours after Mr. Khan was attacked, 11 people were rounded up and arrested for cow smuggling - but not one for murder. Three people were arrested for Mr. Khan's lynching, but only days later, after he died. But the effect of the arrests was minimized by the role played by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party.
The home minister of Rajasthan, the official in charge of the state's law enforcement, went on national television a few hours after Mr. Khan died to make clear where his sympathies lay. First, he played down the incident, describing it as “manhandling,” then he seemed to urge the public to show understanding to the killers' motives: “There are two sides to this,” he said.
Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Mr. Modi's minister of state for parliamentary affairs, went even further: He said the incident never took place at all. Mr. Modi and Vasundhara Raje, the chief minister of Rajasthan, have yet to offer one word of either condemnation or condolence.
The active ingredient in a lynching is silence. Like all forms of theater, a lynching depends on what is left unsaid; it creates a mood, an atmosphere. The silence that settles in after the euphoric act of violence, which all have witnessed, tells a minority group that it has been forsaken. It is this element of a suggestive and creeping threat, in which the state apparatus and a silent majority are complicit, that has the power to demoralize a community as much as the physical acts of violence.
The hysteria that now surrounds the cow in India has been engineered. It was Mr. Modi who, during his election campaign in 2014, whipped crowds into frenzy over “a pink revolution,” an alleged conspiracy by his political opponents to promote cow slaughter and beef export. “We've heard of the Green Revolution,” he thundered, “we've heard of the White Revolution, but today's Delhi government wants neither; they've taken up arms for a Pink Revolution,” he said, presumably evoking the pink color of beef. “Do you want to support people who want to bring about a Pink Revolution?”
It took Mr. Modi almost a year after the first lynching, in September 2015, to clearly and firmly denounce the cow vigilantes. But the prime minister is a master at looking both ways when it comes to mob violence. Last month, after a landslide electoral victory in the northeastern state of Uttar Pradesh - where almost a quarter of India's roughly 170 million Muslims live - he appointed a vicious priest, in full saffron robes, to be the state's chief minister.
That man, Yogi Adityanath, has called for the family of the first lynching victim to be tried for illegally storing beef in their home. He has exhorted his followers to kill 10 Muslims for every Hindu killed. No sooner did he become chief minister than Mr. Adityanath led a crackdown against unlicensed butchers and abattoirs. Uttar Pradesh abounds in unlicensed businesses, but in singling out the meat industry - invariably run by Muslims - the politician-priest knew that he was in effect leading an attack on Muslim business with shades of Kristallnacht.
BJP chief ministers across India are now falling over themselves in a quest to outdo one another in showing their love of the Indian cow, which, as Mr. Khan's killing demonstrates, is animated partly by a hatred of Muslims. Last month, in Mr. Modi's home state of Gujarat, cow slaughter was made punishable with life in jail; and in Chattisgarh, another BJP-run state, the chief minister announced, “We will hang those who kill cows.”
Almost 60 percent of India now lives in BJP-controlled states; there is no opposition left to speak of. What voices of moderation and reason there used to be within the BJP are either too cowed to speak or feel that it is politically inexpedient to do so.
Vasundhara Raje, the chief minister of Rajasthan, is someone I grew up around in Delhi and have known all my life. She is aristocratic and is educated. She had many Muslim friends and even a Muslim boyfriend. She was a single mother, like mine. She smoked, she drank; she is well read and widely traveled. She certainly seemed the beneficiary of liberal values. That someone like her would now refuse to speak up for a poor Muslim farmer with small children who was lynched in her state is an indication of how poisoned the air has become in three short years since the BJP came to power.
India is slipping beyond the pale. It is unfathomable that the ancient Hindu horror at the taking of life, any life - the very same doctrine of ahimsa, or nonviolence, that governed the beliefs of men like Mahatma Gandhi and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. - should in our time be used as a justification for murder. And not merely a murder in which one man is implicated, but rather a great televised spectacle in which a whole nation, through its silence, is complicit. –NY Times
Renault announced plans on Wednesday to launch in September a ride-hailing and car-sharing scheme covering the French capital and its surrounding areas.
PARIS: Renault announced plans on Wednesday to launch in September a ride-hailing and car-sharing scheme covering the French capital and its surrounding areas.
Renault and Peugeot-maker PSA are vying to offer a car sharing scheme in Paris to replace Autolib, the electric car sharing service run by French tycoon Vincent Bollore's group that was recently ditched by local authorities after a dispute.
Advertisement
Renault already offers a car sharing service in France called "Renault Mobility" and operates 500 Zoe electric cars in "free floating" in Madrid. Renault said it hoped to have eventually more than 2,000 vehicles available for the Paris car-sharing and ride-hailing service.
Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo also told a news conference on Wednesday that other companies had expressed an interest in plans to get involved in a car-sharing project for the city.
PSA will launch during the last quarter of 2018 a "free floating" car-sharing scheme in Paris, allowing drivers to pick up an electric vehicle at one location and leave it elsewhere in the city, PSA said earlier this week.
Launched in 2011, Autolib has 150,000 active users and its silver-coloured small cars have become a familiar sight on Paris streets.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But issues with cleanliness, problems with parking and booking and competition from other modes of transport such as Uber have pushed the service into the red, with cumulated losses of 293 million euros (US$341 million) expected by 2023.
(US$1 = 0.8588 euros)
(Reporting by Gilles Guillaume; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
Eastenders Episode Guide - Thursday 24th August.
​SPOILER ALERT!
Ben arrives and demands answers about what's going on. As the full truth comes to light, Jay tells a stunned Ben that they're no longer brothers, he's not a Mitchell. When Jay touches a nerve with Ben, a fight soon erupts between the two.
Feeling ever distant from Linda, Mick does his best to make things up to her but she is left far from impressed by his efforts.
It's the day of the GCSE results and despite getting good grades; Bex is upset by her result in music. Sonia seeks help from Mr Pryce who agrees to tutor Bex privately. Meanwhile, Denise gets her exam results.
​
Elsewhere, Jack and Ingrid continue the camping trip. Tom arrives in the Square and pleads with Michelle to give him another chance. Karen pushes Keanu to apply for Universal Credit but he desperately wants to work for a living but his mind turns elsewhere when he secretly helps an oblivious Jane with Walford in Bloom.
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hit the Hamptons' hottest party of the summer, Saturday's Apollo in the Hamptons benefit, and canoodled through performances by Justin Timberlake and Mavis Staples, among others.
J.Lo, looking stunning in a short, glittering Zuhair Murad romper, cozied up to A-Rod, dancing and sharing regular kisses, as a host of stars took to the stage at the benefit for Harlem's legendary Apollo Theater.
J-Rod hung out with Chris Rock, Alicia Keys — who showed off colorful rainbow braids — and Jamie Foxx at the bash at Ronald Perelman's estate the Creeks in East Hampton.
Rodriguez told us as they left together around midnight, “We are really happy. Jennifer is a wonderful person.” She added that they'd enjoyed the event, but the highlight for her had been gospel singer Staples, who brought down the house with “I'll Take You There” and “Let's Do It Again.” The couple has been dating since February and has become inseparable.
Others at the Apollo party included Pharrell Williams — who performed with Timberlake — as well as Gary Clark, Jr. and Alice Smith. Also there were Robert Downey Jr., Howard Stern and wife Beth Ostrosky Stern, Rashida Jones and her boyfriend, Vampire Weekend lead singer Ezra Koenig. They were joined by Charlie Rose, Matt Lauer, John McEnroe — whose wife, Patty Smyth, performed — and Apollo Theater CEO Jonelle Procope.
Also there were power brokers such as Patriots owner Bob Kraft, Harvey Weinstein, Discovery Communications' David Zaslav, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, Blackstone's Stephen Schwarzman, LionTree's Aryeh Bourkoff, former Viacom boss Tom Freston, who was seen huddling with Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes.
Tickets for the exclusive bash cost up to $15,000, raising more than $5 million for the famed venue's educational programs for kids.
Related Video 0:30 J.Lo and A-Rod live large in the Dominican Republic
Adonis Stevenson says Toronto is the place to be for sports in Canada.
The World Boxing Council light heavyweight champion from Blainville, Que., is to make his ninth title defence at the Air Canada Centre on May 19 in a bout his promoter Yvon Michel had hoped to stage in Montreal.
Stevenson said it was not his decision where the fight would take place and that his manager Al Haymon insisted it be in Toronto.
“I'm happy to fight in Toronto,” Stevenson said Tuesday in a telephone interview. “It's a big city and it's big for sports.
“You have the Raptors, soccer, hockey. All the sports there are successful. It's the place to be. But they don't have a lot of boxing. There are a lot of boxing shows in Montreal. This is an opportunity to show them boxing. (U.S. specialty channel) Showtime is coming. It's good for Toronto too.”
However, the boxers arrived for the fight announcement to find the city in mourning for the victims of an incident that saw a driver ram his van into pedestrians on a city sidewalk — not the ideal time to be promoting a sports event.
“It's very sad,” Stevenson said. “I don't believe it happened in Canada. My condolences to all the families.”
Stevenson (29-1) already made a title defence at Ricoh Coliseum in Toronto in 2015 against unheralded Tommy Karpency, but this one promises to be a bigger fight against a respected opponent in Jack (22-1-2), a Swedish former two-time world champion who fights for Mayweather Promotions out of Las Vegas.
Jack is the former WBC super-middleweight champion who moved up one weight class to become World Boxing Association light-heavyweight champ with a win over Briton Nathan Cleverly in August. However, he vacated that title rather than face mandatory challenger Dmitry Bivol and turned his attention to Stevenson.
The power-punching Stevenson will be seeking a 25th career knockout. The 40-year-old's weapon of choice is a devastating left hand, which he used to knock out Chad Dawson in only 76 seconds to win the WBC belt in 2013.
Since then he has been criticized for ducking tough opponents in favour of easier competition like in his last bout, a third-round stoppage of Poland's Andrzej Fonfara in Montreal in June. He was once famously called Adonis “Chickenson” by former three-belt champion Sergey (Krusher) Kovalev in a bid to goad him into a showdown.
Stevenson insists that it is his manager who picks his opponents and that he is willing to take on anyone, anywhere.
But he has also managed to avoid making mandatory defences against the WBC's top-ranked contender, which are supposed to happen once a year. Stevenson's last mandatory was against Tony Bellew in 2013.
Since 2015, his mandatory challenger was Eleider Alvarez, a Colombian based in Montreal who is also promoted by Michel. Alvarez repeatedly agreed to step aside so the champion could face other opponents, but threatened to put his foot down when the Jack fight was announced, saying he has waited long enough for a chance to win a world title and the big money that goes with it.
That problem was solved last week when 34-year-old Alvarez (23-0) surrendered his WBC status in order to take on Kovalev (32-2-1) this summer. The Russian now holds only the World Boxing Organization belt.
Meanwhile, Michel has been under pressure dealing with the Stevenson clan. When he announced the January the fight would be in Montreal, Stevenson called it “fake news” on Twitter. The two sides looked to be in a standoff.
This week, a compromise deal was struck — the bout is to be in Toronto, but with the same undercard fighters from Michel's stable including talented light middleweight Mikael Zewski (30-1) of Trois-Rivieres, Que.
Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment and Toronto promoter Lee Baxter are also involved in staging the fight card.
“It is the first title fight that the venue will host,” MLSE senior vice-president Wayne Zronik said in a statement. “We've worked with this group before to bring world-class boxing to the city and are excited about the return of championship boxing to Toronto.”
The All Blacks juggernaut hit a road bump in the British and Irish Lions series but it should be back to business as usual for the world champions when they take on South Africa, Australia and Argentina in the Rugby Championship.
SYDNEY: The All Blacks juggernaut hit a road bump in the British and Irish Lions series but it should be back to business as usual for the world champions when they take on South Africa, Australia and Argentina in the Rugby Championship.
New Zealand reduced their rivals to roadkill when they took the title last year, winning all six matches with try-scoring bonus points and bookending their campaign with crushing wins in Australia (42-8) and South Africa (57-15).
The sustained pressure the Lions were able to put the All Blacks under in their drawn series in June and July would normally offer hope to the Wallabies and Springboks were not both proud rugby nations at such a low ebb.
Argentina look even less likely to beat the All Blacks for the first time and it is against the other two nations they will be targeting the two wins they want in their sixth crack at the southern hemisphere championship.
The Pumas take their quest initially to Port Elizabeth to face South Africa on Saturday after reigning champions New Zealand and Australia have opened the tournament in Sydney, the first of three Bledisloe Cups tests this season.
The Wallabies once again have the unenviable task of taking on the All Blacks in back-to-back tests at the start of their campaign and only the most optimistic of Australians are expecting a first win in six matches against their neighbours.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A wretched Super Rugby campaign when none of the five Australian teams managed a single victory over New Zealand opposition in 26 attempts sandwiched a disappointing June test window when the Wallabies were humbled at home by Scotland.
Michael Cheika remains confident the re-building process he embarked upon after reaching the final of the 2015 World Cup is on course and that his team have a genuine chance of taking possession of the Bledisloe Cup for the first time since 2003.
Australia have won just eight of their 18 tests since the World Cup final, however, and coach Cheika was not exactly spoiled for choice when he named flanker Michael Hooper his new captain last month.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen has, by contrast, been able to maintain New Zealand's extraordinary winning rate despite rebuilding his team in the wake of the departure of a handful of greats after the successful defence of the Webb Ellis Cup.
IMPRESSIVE SPINE
Beauden Barrett will lead the line from flyhalf, Kieran Read captains the side from the back of the scrum and a third World Rugby Player of the Year, lock Brodie Retallick, completes an impressive spine.
Dane Coles has the talent to join that trio in claiming rugby's highest individual prize and the hooker should play some part in the championship despite missing the opener because of a head knock.
South Africa restored some pride to the Springboks shirt in June with a 3-0 home sweep of France and some of their players have at least enjoyed some success at provincial level after the Lions reached a second consecutive Super Rugby final.
The exciting Lions outfit now provides the spine of Allister Coetzee's Springboks team even if the inspirational captain of both sides, Warren Whiteley, will miss the Rugby Championship because of a groin injury.
Coetzee still has to convince many that he is the right man to lead South Africa to the next World Cup and will be looking to harness the spirit Johan Ackermann built with the Lions in Johannesburg.
While South Africa are languishing at fifth in the world rankings, Argentina is a lowly ninth after two home defeats to a second string England side in June.
Daniel Hourcade's side are in danger of plateauing after taking a single win each of his first three seasons in charge and have yet to reap the expected dividend of having most of the squad also playing for the Jaguares in Super Rugby.
It is now 10 years since Argentina's breakthrough third place at the World Cup and, with the future alignment of southern hemisphere rugby by no means certain, the Pumas could do with making a statement or two in this Rugby Championship.
(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
0 Road crews prepare for wintry mix, snow to hit the region
Pennsylvania Department of Transportation crews are getting the roads ready for thousands of drivers.
A meeting Monday afternoon helped them finalize plans for a snow storm heading this way Tuesday and Wednesday.
Related Headlines Timeline of snow's return Tuesday into Wednesday
RELATED STORY: Timeline of snow's return Tuesday into Wednesday
Now they're urging drivers to prepare as well by giving themselves extra time during this latest round of winter weather.
"We are looking at several inches of snow potentially, we are still tracking the storm," said Steve Cowan, with PennDOT.
TRENDING NOW:
With the forecast still uncertain, crews are preparing for all possibilities.
Channel 11 checked in on Fayette, Greene, Washington, Westmoreland and Allegheny counties, which will have 265 trucks on the roads in all.
Gotta love this Pennsylvania weather! pic.twitter.com/cx8pyCVih8 — Cara Sapida (@WPXICara) March 19, 2018
"We want to make sure we are prepared for it -- the manpower, equipment, enough salt supply to do the job," Cowan said. "We take the opportunity to plan in advance."
Crews also suggest drivers:
Stay at least six car lengths back
Be patient
Be visible
Turn on headlights
"This could be a significant snow storm, so we ask motorists to please slow down when you're driving," Cowan said.
There will be 65 trucks in Allegheny County alone, plus some extra rental trucks to help out.
Crews there will not know how many of those they'll need until the storm gets closer.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Newly Appointed Attorney General Steve Marshall Takes Oath of Office, Addresses Public
MONTGOMERY – Governor Robert J. Bentley appointed Marshall County District Attorney, Steve Marshall, to serve as the 48th Attorney General of Alabama. Former Attorney General Luther Strange was appointed to the United States Senate following Senator Jeff Sessions nomination and confirmation as Attorney General of the United States.
Following his appointment, Attorney General Marshall said, “I am deeply humbled to have this opportunity. Thank you to Governor Bentley for this appointment, and I promise the people of Alabama that I will serve them with honor and integrity.”
“The same principles that have guided me in Marshall County will now guide me as I represent all the people of Alabama,” Marshall said. “I will enforce the law fairly, I will stand up for victims, and I will do the hard work of attacking the underlying problems that threaten the safety of our communities.”
“As Attorney General, a top priority will be to maintain an effective working relationship with our local law enforcement. Sheriffs, district attorneys, police, and investigators are the front lines of public safety and we will support them in every way possible.”
Attorney General Marshall, 52, is a native of Atmore, Alabama. He attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he graduated with honors, and the University of Alabama School of Law, where he graduated in the top 10 percent of his class.
Following a vacancy in the office, Steve Marshall was appointed as the Marshall County District Attorney at the age of 36 by Governor Don Siegleman. He was elected in 2004, 2010 and 2016 without opposition.
As District Attorney, Steve Marshall was a hands-on prosecutor, trying defendants for crimes ranging from DUIs to murder. He has prosecuted people with stature, including those who have committed ethics violations, cop killers and molesters who prey on children.
He also led efforts to fight crime through partnerships and policies at the community and the state level.
In Marshall County, he created a major crimes unit, a computer forensics lab and a crystal meth task force. He also was instrumental in state legislation that established a system to track purchases of ephedrine and pseudoephedrine products, which are ingredients of meth. This system is credited with a 90 percent reduction in the number of meth labs in Marshall County over the past five years.
Attorney General Marshall also established a reputation for standing up for the victims of violent crimes.
He played a major role in passage of the Brody Act, which allows criminals to be prosecuted with two crimes if they kill or injure an unborn baby in an attack on the mother. The law was named for the unborn son of Brandi Parker of Marshall County, who was murdered while sitting in her car. Marshall was one of the first district attorneys to apply the Brody Act by prosecuting and securing a death sentence for a Marshall County man who murdered his pregnant wife.
Mr. Marshall is a past President of the Alabama District Attorney's Association and has served as Commission Chairman of the Alabama Criminal Justice Information Center, a member of the Alabama Sentencing Commission, board member of the National District Attorney's Association and Kids to Love Foundation, and a Member of the United States Attorney's Law Enforcement Coordinating Committee for the Northern District of Alabama.
Steve currently resides in Albertville with his wife, Bridgette, and daughter, Faith. He is active with the United Way of Marshall County and an elder at Lifepoint Church.
2nd Annual Greens Festival at Virginia Avenue Park in Santa Monica, California
Apr 17
The second annual Greens Festival took place at Virginia Avenue Park in Santa Monica California. Ecology education, hands on exhibits as well as crafts for yout
The second annual Greens Festival took place at Virginia Avenue Park in Santa Monica California. Ecology education, hands on exhibits as well as crafts for yout
0
Reviewed byonRating:
“Manchester by the Sea” star Casey Affleck is filming his next project in the wilds of Canada — and barely made it to London in time to win a BAFTA award for best actor.
He's directing and starring in “Light of My Life,” about a man and his daughter trapped in the wilderness.
Traveling to the black-tie awards, “he landed, went to his hotel for 20 minutes, changed and missed the show's opening,” before he was the night's big winner.
The next morning the Oscar nominee headed back to his set.
APRIL 17 UPDATE: Action tentpole scores third biggest April debut in history.
While all eyes will be on the spectacular international and global performance at the weekend, The Fate And The Furious demolished the competition in North America with the third biggest April debut on a confirmed $98.8m.
Universal's eighth instalment in the action franchise delivered a robust launch over three days to propel the worldwide debut to a stunning confirmed $532m that will overtake Star Wars: The Force Awakens on $529m if the studio confirms that number this week.
The Fate Of The Furious opened in 4,310 theatres and ranks as the second biggest opening in the franchise behind Furious 7 on $147.2m back in April 2015.
Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Tyrese Gibson, Michelle Rodriguez, Jason Statham, Ludacris and Charlize Theron star and F. Gary Gray directed.
Last weekend's champion The Boss Baby ranks second and has crossed $100m after three weekends to stand at $116.3m.
Disney's $1bn global behemoth Beauty And The Beast ranks third on $454.7m after five.
There were not such good news for Paramount's sci-fi action release Ghost In The Shell, which plummeted 66% and six places to number 11 in its third session on $2.5m for $37.1m after three weekends.
Fox Searchlight's Gifted was the best of the leading releases in their second weekends, climbing 10 places to number six as box office soared 590% following an expansion from 56 to 1,146 sites. The drama added $3.1m for $4.4m.
Smurfs: The Lost Village dropped 49% and fell one place to number four through Sony on $6.7m for $24.9m, while Warner Bros' grey dollar crime heist Going In Style added $6.3m for $23.3m and also fell one place to number five.
Pure Flix's The Case For Christ dropped a mere 31% and climbed one place to number nine on $2.8m for $8.5m.
James Gray's adventure The Lost City Of Z starring Charlie Hunnam opened at number 28 through Bleecker Street on $112,633 from four sites. SPC opened Richard Gere drama Norman at number 30 on $99,211 from five.
Roadside Attractions opened Tommy's Honour at number 23 on $208,766 in 167 theatres, and Open Road opened Spark: A Space Tail at number 27 on $116,873 in 365.
The top 12 combined for $160.3m, marking a 44% gain on last weekend and a 4.5% drop on the comparable session in 2016 when The Jungle Book opened top.
This week's wide releases are: the Warner Bros thriller Unforgettable starring Katherine Heigl and Rosario Dawson; Terry George's drama The Promise through Open Road; Disneynature's Born In China; A24's Ben Wheatley thriller Free Fire with Brie Larson, Cillian Murphy and Armie Hammer; and sci-fi Phoenix Forgotten through Cinelou Films.
Confirmed top 10 North America April 14-16, 2017
Film (Dist) / Conf wkd gross / Conf total to date
1 (-) The Fate Of The Furious (Universal) Universal Pictures International $98.8m –
2 (1) The Boss Baby (Fox) Fox International $16m $116.8m
3 (2) Beauty And The Beast (Buena Vista) Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures International $13.7m $454.7m
4 (3) Smurfs: The Lost Village (Sony) Sony Pictures Releasing International $6.7m $24.9m
5 (4) Going In Style (Warner Bros) Warner Bros Pictures International $6.3m $23.3m
6 (16) Gifted (Fox Searchlight) $3.1m $4.4m
7 (8) Get Out (Universal) Universal Pictures International $2.9m $167.6m
8 (6) Power Rangers (Lionsgate) Lionsgate international $2.8m $80.5m
9 (10) The Case For Christ (Pure Flix) Pure Flix International $2.76m $8.5m
10 (7) Kong: Skull Island (Warner Bros) Warner Bros Pictures International $2.7m $161.3m
NEW YORK: Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway has sold off its stake in General Electric, according to US regulatory papers filed on Monday (Aug 14).
Berkshire had previously held 10.4 million shares in the US industrial giant, according to earlier securities filings.
But GE was no longer listed among the 20 or so Berkshire stakes, according to the company's filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Shares of General Electric are down nearly 20 per cent thus far in 2017, a stark under-performance compared with the index, which has risen more than 11 per cent.
GE has been hurt by weakness in its oil and gas business.
The company in June announced that longtime chief executive Jeff Immelt was retiring and would be replaced by GE veteran John Flannery. But a disappointing outlook during the company's July earnings conference call further pressured shares.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As Berkshire Hathaway exited GE, it added a 17.5 million share stake in Synchrony Financial, a credit card company spun out of GE in 2015.
Shares in GE dipped 0.4 per cent in after-hours trading to US$25.27, while Synchrony rose 4.4 per cent to US$30.95.
LONDON: Chinese teenager Yan Bingtao's superb comeback against former world champion Shaun Murphy fell just short on Monday (Apr 17) as he lost 10-8 in the first round of this year's World Championships.
The 17-year-old, whose display illustrated the strength in depth in the country's playing resources inspired largely by last year's finalist Ding Junhui, threatened at one point to become the youngest player to win a match at the championships at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
The record is held by seven-time champion Stephen Hendry, who was 18 when he beat Willie Thorne in the first round in 1987.
Yan trailed 7-3 and then was one frame away from defeat at the hands of the 34-year-old English cueman at 9-5 down, but the world number 63 rattled off three successive frames.
Despite this ominous run Murphy, the 2005 champion, benefited from the luck he needed with a red to get him over the line in the 19th frame and set up a second-round meeting with compatriot and five-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan.
"I played well but at 9-5 up he opened his shoulders and I was bang up against it at the end," said Murphy, who had lost twice to Yan in their three previous matches.
"This place does funny things to you and I had a bit of Lady Luck. But I can't praise him enough. He has a bit of swagger about him."
Ding, who lost to Mark Selby last year after becoming the first Asian to reach the final, showed sparkling form in his opening match, firing off three century breaks including the biggest so far of the tournament, 136.
His onslaught knocked the stuffing out of compatriot Zhou Yuelong, who trails 7-2 overnight with Ding looking to finish him off in Tuesday's afternoon session.
Hong Kong veteran and two-time semi-finalist Marco Fu pulled off a stunning comeback in his first-round match by coming from 7-2 down against Belgian Luca Brecel to win 10-9.
In a battle of two English former world champions a brief comeback by Peter Ebdon was extinguished by 2015 champion Stuart Bingham.
The world number three ran out a 10-5 winner over the 2004 world champion, who had to qualify for the tournament this year.
Following plans by the Edo State Chapter of the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), to embark on strike, Governor of Edo State, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has said that the state government is making arrangement for private health care providers to offer essential services to patients in state government hospitals, as the demands by the NMA are unrealistic.
Obaseki said this when he received the newly inaugurated members of the Governing Board of the University Of Benin Teaching Hospital (UBTH) at the Government House, in Benin City on Monday.
He said the state government will write to the national body of NMA as the Edo State chapter of the association “has threatened to shut down the health system in the state following their unrealistic demands.”
Obaseki said: “We believe that the doctors' demands are unrealistic, having been part of the steps taken so far to improve the conditions of service of medical doctors in the state. They see what we are doing and yet have threatened to go on strike because I cannot afford to fulfil 100 per cent of their demands.”
He noted that the doctors are not fair to the state as “we agree with their demands but cannot afford all the demands now, rather we will spread them across four years of this administration, but the Edo NMA rejected the offer and insists on embarking on strike.
“We are looking at various ways to execute our health reforms but will not allow anyone to blackmail us. We have been open, honest and have carried NMA along in all our activities till date. We will be talking to private health practitioners to help us and I have told them that I cannot afford all their requests at once. We are already making backup plans to take care of our people, if we are constrained to.”
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
What would you buy if you had £100 to spend online at Amazon.co.uk?
To celebrate the launch of its new Amazon Prime tariff, E.ON is offering our readers the chance to win one of three Amazon.co.uk Gift Cards, worth £100.
These can be spent on a range of eligible products on Amazon's website.
As well as fixing gas and electricity prices for a year, the new energy tariff comes with 12 months of Amazon Prime membership included.
Amazon Prime gives members unlimited access to one-day delivery on millions of eligible items, as well as access to a wide range of movies and TV shows, music, e-books and much more.
For your chance to win a £100 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card, and to find out more about E.ON's new "movies, music and energy" tariff, visit their website here.
Terms and Conditions apply.
RIYADH: Two assailants stabbed to death a traffic policeman in the western Saudi Arabian city of Taif and then exchanged gunfire with security forces at a nearby National Guard facility, a local newspaper reported on Thursday (May 31).
The attackers stole the policeman's vehicle and service weapon before entering the military site, according to online news site Sabq, which is seen as close to the authorities. One attacker was wounded and detained while the other one fled, the report said.
Advertisement
Sabq reported additional injuries among the security forces without providing details.
The Interior Ministry did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Taif is perched in the mountains just east of Mecca, the holiest site in Islam.
Finding stocks with the potential to deliver market-beating growth over long periods isn't easy. But gems like these are worth hunting out, as they can help to transform your portfolio into a serious winner. Today I'm looking at two stocks which could fit the bill. Picture-perfect results Sales at “instant service equipment group” Photo-Me International (LSE: PHTM) rose by 10.5% to £122.2m during the six months to 31 October. This company is best known for providing automated photo kiosks for passport photos and picture printing, but it is also expanding into the self-service laundry business. Such facilities are far more popular and…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Already a subscriber to our paid services (e.g. Share Advisor, Pro, Hidden Winners)? Please login here .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
Finding stocks with the potential to deliver market-beating growth over long periods isn't easy.
But gems like these are worth hunting out, as they can help to transform your portfolio into a serious winner. Today I'm looking at two stocks which could fit the bill.
Picture-perfect results
Sales at “instant service equipment group” Photo-Me International (LSE: PHTM) rose by 10.5% to £122.2m during the six months to 31 October.
This company is best known for providing automated photo kiosks for passport photos and picture printing, but it is also expanding into the self-service laundry business. Such facilities are far more popular and widespread in continental Europe than they are in the UK.
Profits from these three lines of business helped lift the group's pre-tax profits by 6.1% to £32.9m during the first half. Earnings rose by 9.6% to 6.4p per share for the period. Most of the growth came from laundry, where sales rose by 75% during the period.
Although the rate of profit growth may not seem all that impressive, it's worth remembering that Photo-Me's earnings per share have risen by an average of 19% per year since 2012. The group's dividend has risen by an average of 23% per year over the same period.
The group ended the first half with net cash of £47.1m, maintaining an unbroken record of net cash stretching back to at least 2012. Despite spending £68.6m on dividends and growth investments over the last year, net cash has only fallen by £21m during that time.
Quality worth paying for
In my view, this FTSE 250 company's high profit margins and strong cash generation are worth paying for. Although the group's shares trade on a 2017/18 forecast of 19, they still offer an attractive prospective yield of 4.5%.
I believe this stock continues to deserve a buy rating. It's certainly a share I'd consider owning.
This firm is cleaning up
Biffa (LSE: BIFF) describes itself as an integrated waste management company. Collecting and handling a wide range of waste helped it generate revenue of £481.6m during the first half of the group's financial year. That's a 7.8% increase on the same period last year.
Underlying operating profits from the business rose by 9.3% to £43.4m over the same period. Yet although these figures seem strong, shares in the firm have actually fallen slightly since these results were published.
One reason for this might be that the group's debt levels are now quite high, in my view. Biffa reported net debt of £272.2m at the end of the first half. Although this was broadly unchanged from the same time last year, it represents a multiple of 1.9 times times the group's underlying earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA).
However, much of the firm's debt has been accumulated through a series of acquisitions. Excluding these, the firm's cash flow does appear strong enough to support its dividend, interest and lease payments.
Long-term opportunity?
Waste management is a sector where there are still a number of smaller firms which might be suitable for consolidation. As one of the larger players in this area, Biffa could grow steadily by acting as a consolidator.
Given this, I think that the group's forecast P/E of 13 and 2.9% yield could be a good starting point for a long-term position.
Olly Murs is in hot water after a recent footie match!
It's fair to say our Olly Murs is quite the cheeky chappy.
And, when he's not doing his lil' dancing thing or accidentally revealing x Factor results before he's supposed to, it turns out Ol likes to indulge in a good ol' kick-about.
However, it would appear that Mr Murs' love of football has actually landed him in a bit of hot water this week- after a recent argy-bargy at a footie match he attended. Eek!
33-year-old Manchester United supporter Olly had recently attended a Super Cup final in Spain, supporting his team against Real Madrid.
However, after his team's s 2-1 defeat, the ‘fella had found himself in a slight altercation with the opposing Real Madrid supporters- and has now been forced to apologise!
See: ‘Theres still a love between us': Olly Murs makes emotional plea to estranged twin brother Ben
In footage reportedly obtained by The Sun, Ol allegedly launches a foul-mouthed brigade on Real Madrid supporters- with the publication alleging that Olly ‘can be seen standing in his seat as he hurls abuse at someone close by'.
An onlooker of the event has also told the publication: ‘He repeated, ‘F**k off you c**t' and the F-word at least 40 times in the first half'.
Yup, that's about fifty quid into the swear jar right there Ol!
See: Olly you Wally! Fans in stitches after spotting Olly Murs' social media blunder
The onlooker then added, ‘Another man also told him to calm down but Olly kept telling him to f**k off and leave him alone…The man stayed really cool. I'm a fan of Olly Murs but he was hardly a celebrity ambassador for his club here'.
The day after the match, Ol had taken to social media to share the Instagram that he was slightly worse for wear following the defeat.
Finally feel normal after the hangover from hell A post shared by Olly Murs (@ollymurs) on Aug 9, 2017 at 9:30am PDT
However, since the allegations came to press, Ol has reached out to fans over the claims- telling The Sun that he is sorry for the events.
Olly shares, ‘I was away with a group of lads and got carried away. It was out of character. I apologise to anyone I offended'.
Yikes, maybe it's time to hang up the footie boots till next season- eh, Ol?!
Alice Perry
WASHINGTON (The Washington Post) -
Friday, February 2, 2018 at 12:31 pm |
A copy of the formerly classified memo (Reuters/Jim Bourg)
A GOP memo alleging surveillance abuses by the FBI has been released, intensifying a fight between the White House and Republican lawmakers, on one side, and the nation's top law-enforcement agency over whether the origins of a probe into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election were tainted by political bias.
President Donald Trump approved release of the memo without redactions Friday morning.
President Donald Trump speaks with reporters about his decision to allowing the memo's release, during a meeting with North Korean defectors in the Oval Office, Friday. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
The four-page, newly declassified memo written by the Republican staffers for the House Intelligence Committee said the findings “raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain (Justice Department) and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC),” calling it “a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses related to the FISA process.”
The memo accuses former officials who approved the surveillance applications – a group that includes former FBI Director James Comey, his former deputy Andrew McCabe, former deputy attorney general Sally Yates and current Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein – of signing off on court surveillance requests that omitted key facts about the political motivations of the person supplying some of the information, Christopher Steele, a former intelligence officer in Britain.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein stands for the pledge of allegiance at a summit about combating human trafficking, at the Department of Justice in Washington, Friday. (Reuters/Aaron P. Bernstein)
The memo says that Steele “was suspended and then terminated as an FBI source for what the FBI defines as the most serious of violations – an unauthorized disclosure to the media of his relationship with the FBI.”
The memo is not an intelligence document and reflects information the committee has gathered, which Democrats, the FBI and Justice Department have criticized as incomplete and misleading.
Current and former law-enforcement officials said a major concern inside the FBI is that the rules governing classified information will impede their ability to respond to the memo's accusations.
The president told reporters in the Oval Office, “I think it's a disgrace what's happening in our country … A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that.”
The FBI and the Justice Department had lobbied strenuously against the memo's release. In a statement Wednesday, the FBI had said it was “gravely concerned” that key facts were missing from the memo, which, it said, left an inaccurate impression of how the agency conducted surveillance under the authority of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
On Friday morning, in anticipation of the memo's release, Trump tweeted, “The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago.” He added: “Rank & File are great people!”
California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, tweeted in response, “No, Mr. President it's worse than that. The country's top elected leader has agreed to selectively and misleadingly release classified info to attack the FBI – that's what would have been unthinkable a short time ago.”
Rep. Adam Schiff, D- Calif., ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, speaking at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Thursday. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
The memo has been the subject of intense debate in Congress, but the fight ratcheted up this week when the House Intelligence Committee voted along party lines to make the document public under a process that gives the president up to five days to block its release. The committee Republicans also voted not to release a Democratic rebuttal memo, saying they would allow that document to be made public in the future.
It is highly unusual for the White House and the FBI to be publicly at odds over a matter of national security, and it is unclear what impact the disagreement might have on the standing of FBI Director Christopher Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, two Trump appointees who went to the White House on Monday in an unsuccessful bid to urge that the memo not be released.
Law-enforcement officials have expressed fear that Trump may try to use the memo's release as justification to fire Rosenstein, who is overseeing Special Counsel Robert Mueller and the Russia interference probe.
The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., has accused the FBI of stonewalling lawmakers on matters related to the Russia probe for nearly a year.
“It's clear that top officials used unverified information in a court document to fuel a counter-intelligence investigation during an American political campaign,” he said. “Once the truth gets out, we can begin taking steps to ensure our intelligence agencies and courts are never misused like this again.”
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif. (Reuters/Carlos Barria/)
The memo describes some of the details of how information from Steele, who compiled a controversial dossier of allegations against then-candidate Donald Trump, was used as part of an application to the FISA court to conduct surreptitious surveillance on Carter Page, a former Trump campaign adviser, according to people familiar with the matter.
The FBI statement said federal agents carefully adhere to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which provides a legal framework for national-security investigations.
“The FBI takes seriously its obligations to the FISA Court and its compliance with procedures overseen by career professionals in the Department of Justice and the FBI,” the statement said. “We are committed to working with the appropriate oversight entities to ensure the continuing integrity of the FISA process.”
Marco Island police chief looks to hire 3 more officers to patrol schools
“Whenever these school tragedies occur, the entire nation finds itself standing in the reactive line waiting for the political window to turn,” said Denis Morales.
Morales lives on Marco Island and doesn't want to wait any longer for better protection for children in schools. He and other parents want full-time resource officers at Marco schools.
“I have a six-year-old who goes to the elementary school and I have my wife as a school teacher. Soon enough he will be attending the middle school and later on the high school so this is an issue that is very important to me,” Morales said.
The Marco Island Police Department says it needs to hire three new officers to patrol schools at a cost of $300,000.
“Traditionally in school resource officers throughout the country, the officer would stop in some schools, spend some time and move onto the next schools,” said Al Schettino, police chief in Marco Island.
After Parkland, Schettino reassigned officers for full-time coverage at schools, versus the part-time they had. That cost about $18,000 in overtime through the end of the school year.
“It's not just Chief Al Schiettino and the police department; it's the community coming together to say, ‘hey, we need to protect our most valuable treasures—our children',” Schettino said.
Some people say they don't agree with paying that to add officer to schools, but many other says you can't put a price tag on safety.
Reporter: Hannah Vogel
Writer: Erica Brown
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate's No. 2 Republican, John Cornyn, said on Monday that he agreed with colleagues who have said it would be a mistake for President Donald Trump to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is overseeing a probe into Russian meddling in the U.S. election.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX) speaks to reporters outside the Senate chamber on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S. February 7, 2018. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
Speaking to reporters outside the Senate, Cornyn said that for Trump to fire Mueller “would produce all sorts of unintended consequences,” which the senator declined to identify. He added he did not believe it would happen and that he did not therefore believe legislation to protect the special counsel was necessary.
Millions of families who are "just about managing" are on the tipping point of falling into poverty, a new report warns.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation said the number of people living below an adequate standard of living had increased by four million to 19 million over the past six years.
The increase has been driven by rising living costs, while incomes have stagnated, research found.
The price of a minimum "basket of goods" has jumped by up to 30% since 2008, but average earnings have only gone up by half that amount, said the report.
Record employment is not enough to help families reach a so-called minimum income standard - calculated by the Centre for Research in Social Policy on what households need to have an acceptable standard of living.
Campbell Robb, chief executive of the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, said: "These stark figures show just how precarious life can be for many families.
"Government focus on people on modest incomes is welcome, but it cannot be at the expense of those at the poorest end of the income scale. It must remember just about managing today can become poverty tomorrow.
"This could be a very difficult time for just managing families as rising inflation begins to bite into finely balanced budgets.
"The high cost of living has already helped push four million more people below an adequate income, and if the cost of essentials such as food, energy and housing rise further, we need to take action to ease the strain.
"The Government can help in next month's Budget by allowing families to keep more of their earnings and ensuring benefits and tax credits keep up with the rising cost of living."
Matt Padley, of Loughborough University's Centre for Research in Social Policy, one of the report's authors, added: "Our report has shown a steady growth in the numbers of people with too little income.
"Unfortunately, the conditions to the end of the decade still look unfavourable for these groups.
"With forecasts of rising inflation, slowing wage growth combined with cuts to tax credits, the outlook is set to be highly challenging for families whose low incomes mean they are, at best, only just managing to make ends meet."
TUC general secretary Frances O'Grady said: "This will come as no surprise to working people.
"They can see in their pay cheques that wages haven't fully recovered since the financial crisis.
"There's a problem here and the Government needs to do something about it.
"The Prime Minister needs to tell us what her plan is to get wages rising faster."
Debbie Abrahams, shadow work and pensions secretary, said: " This report makes clear millions more people are struggling to make ends meet as a result of this Government's seven wasted years of austerity.
"If the Tories were serious about supporting families on low incomes, they would start by reversing cuts to in-work support that will see some working families worse off by £2,600 a year."
A Government spokesman: "A million workers have had a pay rise thanks to our national living wage, and we have delivered the fastest wage growth for the lowest paid in 20 years, taken millions of people out of tax altogether and frozen fuel duty for seven years in a row."
A UC Berkeley student died Sunday after she fell from a fourth-floor balcony at an apartment building near campus, police said.
The Alameda County Coroner's Office identified the victim as Kimberly Tze, a 21-year-old Elk Grove resident.
The fall was reported just after midnight in the 2700 block of Dwight Way, across the street from student housing, according to the Berkeley Police Department. Tze had landed on the sidewalk below.
She was taken to a county hospital, where she later died.
Detectives are investigating the circumstances surrounding her death, police said Monday.
Tze was a junior at UC Berkeley, where she was studying computer science.
In a statement issued Monday, UC Berkeley said the campus community was “deeply saddened by the tragic death.”
“Our thoughts and prayers go out to Kimberly's family and friends during this difficult time,” the university said.
Counseling services were available for students, staff and faculty. UC Berkeley officials said they also planned to reach out to Tze's family and offer their continued support.
In June 2015, six people were killed and seven others were injured when a fifth-floor balcony at the Library Gardens apartments near UC Berkeley buckled and fell 40 feet to the concrete below. Among the six killed were five college students from Ireland.
veronica.rocha@latimes.com
Twitter: VeronicaRochaLA
Laura Bush hit the Hamptons over the weekend and was spotted having lunch Saturday at the ­ultra-WASPy Bathing Corporation of Southampton on Gin Lane.
The exclusive members-only beach club for the privileged set is famously hard to get into.
But those who were lucky enough to be there, along with the former first lady, got an amazing view of five whales swimming by.
Bush also visited the 2017 Hampton Designer Showhouse in Southampton, the second year she has visited the location.
Meanwhile, also spotted out and about in the Hamptons this past weekend was Monica Lewinsky.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB)- Grades are in, and the Buffalo River is no where near the top of the class. In fact, it's closer to failing.
Numbers from the DEC show the Buffalo River ranks as the fifth unhealthiest waterway in the state.
“This river was functionally declared dead in 1967. So any improvement from a dead river is a good thing,” explained Jill Jedlicka, Executive Director of the Buffalo Niagara Waterkeeper.
The data used in the report is between four and six years old, but the report is new. Jedlicka said despite the numbers, the Buffalo River has come a long way.
The report looks at ecosystems and pollution among many others things.
While experts say the Buffalo River is comparable to other urban rivers, it's struggling a lot more in one area.
“I think the Buffalo River has one issue though that's different, in that it has a high degree of combined sewer overflows that are entering it,” said Jim Howe of the Nature Conservancy.
Still, those who compiled the data believe we are on the right track.
Howe noted there's noticeably more green infrastructure in Buffalo and Erie County. Meaning, people are starting to care more.
“We still have a lot more work to do, I think that's what this study tells us,” he said.
Another troubling waterway, the Scajaquada Creek, isn't specifically mentioned in the report, but it was included.
The Scajaquada Creek was included with the ranking for Two Mile Creek sub basin in Tonawanda, which was ranked as at the 11th most unhealthy waterway in the state.
Click here to view the report
Click here to learn how you can assist the Buffalo Niagara Waterkeeper in restoration efforts
Has there ever been a president as humorless as Donald Trump? Doubtful. Trump traffics in bombast, braggadocio and bluntness. He is a master of insults, self-praise, and mangled syntax. But he is no John F. Kennedy or Ronald Reagan — both presidents who were masters of the well-aimed witticism. The current occupant of the Oval Office is only funny unintentionally. He is a joke, but he doesn't make jokes.
Recall his remarks at the Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation Dinner in New York on Oct. 20, 2016. These events are supposed to be a time for political leaders to be light-hearted and to poke fun at themselves. Trump barely managed to get off a couple of ghostwritten one-liners before veering into a cringe-inducing denunciation of his opponent, Hillary Clinton, who was sitting right behind him. He went on to accuse Clinton (inaccurately) of being “so corrupt, she got kicked off the Watergate Commission,” of being hypocritical (“Hillary believes that it's vital to deceive the people by having one public policy and a totally different policy in private”) and, finally, of “pretending not to hate Catholics.” The audience reacted with boos rather than the more typical laughs.
Yet if you listen to Trump defenders, you would think that he is the Marx Brothers, Mel Brooks, Chris Rock, Amy Schumer and Aziz Ansari, all wrapped up into one rolling-on-the-floor package of hilarity.
Last week, Trump thanked Vladimir Putin for expelling 755 personnel from the U.S. Embassy in Moscow — “I'm very thankful that he let go of a large number of people because now we have a smaller payroll,” the president said. Most observers interpreted this as further evidence of Trump's toadying to the Russian dictator, who helped him win the presidency. But Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-Fla.) claimed to detect wit of a high order. Trump, he said, was speaking “tongue-in-cheek.”
This brand of lame excuse has actually become the go-to explanation for Trump's outrageous remarks. As noted by CNN and the Huffington Post, among others, the president's apologists often detect unsuspected humor in his offensive and inane comments.
This “kidding/not kidding” routine is a way for Trump to preserve a shred of plausible deniability.
In July, for example, Trump endorsed police brutality, telling a convention of cops “please don't be too nice” when throwing suspects “into the back of a paddy wagon.” There was not a trace of a smile on his face as he spoke, nor did anyone laugh (although, disturbingly, a lot of the audience applauded). The next day, as police departments across the country condemned the president's remarks, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders offered this defense: “I believe he was making a joke.”
A year earlier, in July 2016, Trump told the press he hoped Russia would hack and release private emails from Hillary Clinton's private server: "Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing," Trump said. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer later claimed, “He was joking at the time. We all know that.” We do?
Trump's humor apparently extended to telling then-FBI Director James Comey to stop investigating fired National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. Comey testified to Congress under oath that the president told him: “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He's a good guy. I hope you can let this go.” Rep. James Comer (R-Ky.), a member of the House Oversight Committee, tried to excuse what looks very much like obstruction of justice by claiming that Trump was just kidding — “it looks different on paper.” The punchline, of course, was that Trump fired Comey for ignoring his instructions.
Trump himself has embraced the “I was joshing” defense. In August 2016 he claimed that President Obama was “the founder of ISIS,” and refused to back down when questioned about that ludicrous claim by radio host Hugh Hewitt. But later Trump explained that he had been kidding. So, too, in January 2016 he claimed was just kidding when he said that global warming was a Chinese hoax — a claim he had first made in 2012 and repeated many times without a hint of levity.
Trump also hides behind the cloak of humor when demeaning those around him. At a lunch with the Security Council, Trump solicited views of his U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley: “Does everybody like Nikki? Otherwise she can easily be replaced.” Ha ha, from a man notorious for actually firing aides right and left.
This “kidding/not kidding” routine is a way for Trump to preserve a shred of plausible deniability and for his spokesmen to walk away from his crazier comments. But if you think Trump isn't being serious, the joke's on you. Trump would actually be a little easier to take if he had a modicum of wit. But he doesn't. He's about as funny as that notorious cutup Calvin Coolidge.
Max Boot is a contributing writer to Opinion and a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations.
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook
BEIJING/SHANGHAI: China's top court has overturned a decade-old ruling that sent a major retail magnate to jail for bribery and fraud, a rare high-profile reversal that comes as other executives battle corruption charges.
Zhang Wenzhong, founder of major retailer Wumart, was innocent, the People's Supreme Court said in a statement on Thursday, quashing a guilty verdict for which he received an 18-year jail term ten years ago.
Advertisement
The decision demonstrates the ruling Communist Party's resolve to strengthen protection of property and entrepreneurs' lawful rights and interests, the court added on its microblog.
The reversal is one of the most notable in China, where conviction rates historically are close to 100 percent, and follows a lengthy appeals battle since Zhang was released early in 2013.
It comes amid a fierce crackdown on corruption and corporate bad behaviour under Chinese President Xi Jinping that toppled a string of key executives and government officials.
In one of the most high-profile of those, Wu Xiaohui, the former chairman of Chinese insurance giant Anbang Insurance Group Co , is appealing a conviction for fraud and embezzlement that brought him a sentence of 18 years in prison, his lawyers told Reuters on Thursday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Also swept up in the crackdown on the corporate sector is the chairman of CEFC China Energy, a private firm that had been chasing a US$9.1-billion stake in Russian oil major Rosneft.
In its statement, the supreme court said there was no evidence Zhang had appropriated funds for his own benefit, adding that earlier rulings had "made errors".
It cleared Zhang of forging documents to swindle subsidies related to government bonds. A payment of 300,000 yuan (US$46,864) to someone who helped Wumart in an acquisition was remuneration for services, rather than bribery, it added.
In 2008, a court in the northern province of Hebei sentenced Zhang to 18 years in prison, which was later reduced to 13 years. A higher-level Hebei court rejected an appeal in 2013 after Zhang's early release.
(US$1=6.4015 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Pei Li and Adam Jourdan; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
The landmark Nevis Freedom of Information Bill, 2018, and the Tax Administration and Procedures (Amendment) Bill, 2018, after receiving their second and third readings, were passed at a sitting at the Nevis Island Assembly on July 03, 2018.
The Nevis Freedom of Information Bill, 2018, which was presented by Hon. Eric Evelyn, Minister of Information and Information Services, was passed unanimously. It will give members of the public a general right to access information, held by pubic authorities upon written request with some stated exemptions.
The Tax Administration and Procedures (Amendment) Bill, 2018, which was presented by Hon. Mark Brantley, Premier of Nevis and Minister of Finance, is an amendment to the Tax Administration and Procedures Ordinance, Chapter 6.11 (N).
Two Resolutions were also passed at the Parliamentary sitting. One will formalise the completion of the Land for Debt exercise with the St. Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla National Bank Limited. It will formalise the existing EC$142 million debt already on the books.
The other dealt with an overdraft facility at the St. Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla National Bank Limited.
It allows the NIA to borrow up to EC$5million for the period not exceeding January 1 to December 31, 2018 and will provide bridging funds for the administration's day-to-day operations.
(Reuters) - Walkie-talkie maker Motorola Solutions Inc (MSI.N) said on Thursday it would buy Canadian security camera maker Avigilon Corp (AVO.TO) for C$1.2 billion ($978 million) cash.
Motorola's offer of C$27 per Avigilon share represents a premium of 18.3 percent to Avigilon's Thursday closing price on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
The acquisition would help expand Motorola's portfolio with new products for commercial customers, as more cameras feed into public safety workflows, Motorola Chief Executive Greg Brown said.
Motorola also said it had sufficient resources, including cash and commercial credit facilities, to buy the Vancouver-based video surveillance and analytics company.
Motorola shares were up about 1 percent at $100.49 after the bell.
Motorola said the deal was valued at $1 billion including debt. The value of C$1.2 billion is based on Reuters calculations.
($1 = 1.2269 Canadian dollars)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Western Digital Corp said it has sought a court injunction that would prevent Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business until its arbitration case against the Japanese conglomerate has been decided.
TOKYO: Western Digital Corp said it has sought a court injunction that would prevent Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business until its arbitration case against the Japanese conglomerate has been decided.
Western Digital, which jointly operates Toshiba's main chip plant, wants to buy the highly prized semiconductor unit and has been at loggerheads with the Japanese firm over an auction that could see the unit end up with a rival company.
In May, the California-based firm sought international arbitration arguing that Toshiba needs its consent for any sale and that Toshiba has breached their joint venture contracts by entertaining outside bids.
Toshiba's "attempts to circumvent our contractual rights have left us with no choice but to take this action, Western Digital's Chief Executive Steve Milligan said in a statement.
"Left unchecked, Toshiba would pursue a course that clearly violates these rights," he added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The injunction is being sought in the Superior Court of California.
Toshiba declined to make immediate comment.
Toshiba wants at least US$18 billion for the chip business and hopes to complete the deal as quickly as possible to help cover billions of dollars in cost overruns at its now-bankrupt Westinghouse nuclear unit.
It had been aiming to pick a preferred bidder for the business by Thursday but is now unlikely to come to a decision just yet due to last minute jockeying by suitors, a source familiar with the matter has said.
(Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank's 2017 bonus pool includes an investment to secure the bank's business and its position, its chief executive said on Friday, adding that 2018 bonuses would be linked to the bank's performance.
“Does that mean we will not be paying our staff as much next year? I don't expect so. I see 2018 as being a successful year for the bank,” John Cryan said.
Cryan cited further steps in cost-cutting and an expected resumption in market volatility as reasons for optimism.
In 2018, “we aim for a profit, not only before, but of course also after income taxes,” Cryan said. (Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
It was battle of the rock stars! This week's episode of Us Weekly's Famous Feud tonight at 9PM ET on Reelz covers the public trash talking between Guns N' Roses lead vocalist Axl Rose and Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain.
While promoting Nirvana's 1992 album Nevermind, Cobain went on record to Seconds proclaiming, “We're not your typical Guns N' Roses type of band that has absolutely nothing to say.” This immediately created a fringe between the two bands, because Axl had been a fan of the group.
The battle continued to boil when Kurt refused to join Axl on tour with his band. Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl recalled Kurt getting frustrated at the nonstop calls from Axl.
Later in 1992, Kurt seemed to have had enough of Kurt's negativity towards him, and he made it in a very public way. On stage, he calls Kurt and his wife Courtney Love “a f*ckin' junkie with a junkie wife.” He also referenced the widespread rumor that Kurt and Courtney's son Frances Bean Cobain was born with birth defects due to their drug use. “If the baby's born deformed, I think they both oughta go to prison – that's my feeling.”
Relive how the entire feud unfolds tonight by watching Us Weekly's Famous Feuds on Reelz. The 10-episode series explores the superstar showdowns like this one between Axl Rose and Kurt Cobain, plus Brad Pitt vs. Angelina Jolie, Demi Lovato vs. Selena Gomez and more! Get behind-the-scenes tidbits from industry insiders and entertainment journalists.
Watch the full episode on Friday, October 6 at 9PM ET on REELZ.
Audi is recalling about 1.2 million cars and SUVs worldwide because the electric coolant pumps can overheat and possibly cause a fire.
The recall covers the 2013 to 2016 A4, the 2013 to 2017 A5, the 2012 to 2015 A6, and the Q5 SUV from 2013 to 2017. All have 2-Liter turbocharged engines.
The Volkswagen luxury brand says in U.S. government documents that the pumps can become blocked with cooling system debris, or moisture in the pump can cause an electrical short. An Audi spokesman in the U.S. said there have been reports of fires but he had no details.
Dealers will replace the pumps at no cost to owners. The spokesman said Tuesday that redesigned parts won't be ready until November, but dealers will install a new version of the current pump until the redesigned ones are available.
Audi recalled the same vehicles last year and dealers did a software update. But the company says in documents posted Tuesday by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that pump problems continued.
Audi will send out recall letters on or before June 11.
Defending champion Kidambi Srikanth's campaign ended with a narrow opening-round loss but Olympic silver medallist P V Sindhu eked out a thrilling win to progress to the women's singles pre-quarterfinals of the USD 1,250,000 Indonesia Open BWF World Tour Super 1000 tournament here on Wednesday.Former World No 1 Srikanth suffered his second successive loss to in-form Japanese Kento Momota, ranked 11th, in two weeks. The Indian lost 21-12 14-21 15-21 in the opening match that lasted exactly an hour at the Istora Gelora Bung Karno.Momota had ended Srikanth's campaign at Malaysia Open last week and even though the Indian failed to avenge the loss, it was a far superior performance by the 25-year-old fourth seed.Overall, it was Srikanth's seventh loss to the former world no 2 Momota, who has been in impressive form since coming back from a one-year ban due to illegal gambling.However, Sindhu brought some smiles back in the Indian camp after seeing off Thailand's Pornpawee Chochuwong 21-15 19-21 21-13, setting up a clash with Japan's Aya Ohori on the eve of her 23rd birthday on Thursday.Earlier, young Vaishnavi Reddy Jakka went down 12-21 10-21 to Denmark's Line Hojmark Kjaersfeldt.The men's doubles a pair of Manu Attri and B Sumeeth Reddy stretched the world no 2 Chinese pair of Liu Cheng and Zhang Nan to three games before surrendering 21-15 15-21 17-21 to the third seeded combo.In mixed doubles, Pranaav Jerry Chopra and N Sikki Reddy lost 12-21 14-21 to fourth seeded pair of Zheng Siwei and Huang Yaqiong of China.In the women's singles match, Sindhu was asked some serious questions by the 20-year-old Pornpawee, as she grabbed a slender 11-10 lead at the first interval.The Indian seemed to struggle with her timing initially but two cross court smash and a misjudgement at backline by her opponent helped Sindhu to lead 14-13.Sindhu showed great defence and seemed to have stepped up her pace as she soon moved to 19-14 and brought up five game point chances after attacking her opponent's backhand. A disguised shot ended the opening game in Sindhu's favour.Sindhu seemed to struggle with the length of her strokes as she hit long and short to allow Pornpawee control the second game early on. The Thai girl moved to a 7-2 lead but Sindhu recovered well to first claw back at 10-10 with six straight points and then entered the interval with a one-point advantage when the Thai hit the net.Pornpawee turned the table by making it 15-13 before moving to 19-16 when Sindhu found the net. But the Thai blew the advantage as the Indian gained three straight points, including a good-looking smash, to claw back at 19-19.A superb rally ensued next, which left Sindhu sprawled on the court as it was game point advantage for Pornpawee. The Indian then hit the net and the Thai shuttler was back in the contest.The duo split the initial 10 points in the decider before Sindhu managed to open up a 8-5 lead. The Indian held a four-point advantage after he unleashed a straight smash to enter the breather.Sindhu continued to use her experience to outwit the Thai shuttler and won a net duel to make it 18-11. Two wide shots and it was the eight match points for Sindhu. Pornpawee saved one before Sindhu unleashed another smash to seal the contest.Earlier, Srikanth, who was beaten in straight games by Momota in Kuala Lumpur last week, came out with all guns blazing and moved to a 19-10 lead and then grabbed 10 game points with a smash. Momota saved two game points before hitting the net as Srikanth earned the bragging rights.In the second game, Momota moved to a 3-0 lead early on before a patient Srikanth clawed back at 5-5 with a superb stroke at the net. Despite some stiff resistance from the Indian, the left-handed Japanese managed to enter the break with a slender 11-9 lead after producing a powerful smash on his opponent's backhand.A few mistimed strokes from Srikanth and the game slipped away as he lagged 11-17 before Momota held seven game points and roared back into the contest when Srikanth again found the net.In the decider, Momota produced some razor-sharp returns to move to a 8-5 lead. A brilliant adjustment at the net gave Momota another point as he moved to a 11-6 lead.After the breather, Srikanth cut down the deficit to 10-12 and then 14-16. But Momota was unstoppable as he soon grabbed five match points and converted it without further ado.
click to enlarge
To answer your questions: We regularly have teletownhall's and we will be having one tomorrow. People can dial in, and I am happy to provide you with that information. I will get it to you tomorrow AM.
Jo Ann Campbell reports thatoffice has told her he will have a "town hall" meeting Wednesday with constituents who've clamored to ask him to do his job on Obamacare and other issues.I use the term town hall in quotes because Campbell quotes the office as expecting such a meeting at 8 p.m.At this moment, I can find no mention of the meeting on his Twitter account or his Facebook page or his web page.I called the Little Rock office and was told there is no television town hall scheduled tomorrow evening or any time. A "teletownhall" is scheduled in the afternoon: that is, the congressman will call phone numbers and ask if they'd like to listen in to a Q&A and be given an opportunity to ask questions.I've submitted questions about the event:Is there a way to dial in?How are participants to receive calls chosen?Will the congressman ever hold a public event open to all comers?I'll update should his staff answer the questions, submitted by e-mail at their request after a call to the D.C. office.I've joined some of these teletownhalls by various politicians over the years. It's often hard to clear the call screeners with tough questions.UPDATE: Michael Siegel of Hill's staff responded this way to the listed questions:
'Nobody at the wheel': Why we're in for a changeable winter
Winter's going to be a mixed bag for New Zealand - expect southerly cold snaps and snow balanced by northeasterly patterns bringing heavy rain.
The changeable climate outlook is a result of El Nino-neutral conditions and near average sea surface temperatures, according to Niwa's winter climate outlook.
Niwa forecaster Ben Noll said it was a case of no climate pattern driving what was happening.
"There's kind of a grab bag of things going on. Basically, predictability both on a weather and a climate timescale becomes a lot more difficult when you're lacking these climate drivers."
READ MORE:
* Rain, gales move in for long weekend
* Cold snap to cap off nationwide warm Autumn
* It was officially New Zealand's hottest summer
NIWA principal scientist Chris Brandolino said it was "like having nobody at the wheel. The way the car goes can be a bit more unpredictable."
There was always variation within a season - but the difference was made by how the variation occurred, he said.
ANDY JACKSON/STUFF Mt Taranaki with its first coat of snow for 2018.
GENERAL TRENDS
Temperatures in the North Island look like they'll be average to warmer than usual, while much of the South Island is expected to be average through to colder than average.
The first half of winter could see periodic northeasterly winds bring mild weather to the north.
But during the second half, westerly winds may lead to colder weather in the south and west of the country.
Rainfall is expected to be normal or above normal in the north and east of the North Island and east of the South Island.
Normal or below normal rainfall is forecast in the west of both islands with near normal rainfall expected in the north of the South Island.
Heavy rain events in the north and east of the North Island and perhaps east of the South Island. may be caused by lower than normal air pressure.
📆 June: after a relatively cool start to the month, milder temperatures are possible during the middle & latter part.
Overall, temperatures for the month as a whole are expected to be near average - though some parts could end up slightly above or below. pic.twitter.com/MXPFKmoJid — NIWA Weather (@NiwaWeather) May 30, 2018
Despite the average outlook, the Niwa team still expected that by the end of winter, there could be some records broken.
"It's distribution. Even if you have near normal rainfall, if it falls in one or two days, obviously that means a lot more than if it comes over a few weeks."
However, that was more weather forecasting than climate.
Noll said the average winter pattern in New Zealand favoured a southwesterly airflow.
"When you have airflows that are coming from different directions that is what we would consider an airflow anomaly.
🇱ow pressure over & south of NZ led to a chilly end to the autumn season.
🇭ow's the start of winter looking? June may have higher pressure to the south of NZ, which would spell drier weather in the west/south & somewhat milder temps.
Full winter outlook ➡️ tomorrow! pic.twitter.com/Yjeyb77pq6 — NIWA Weather (@NiwaWeather) May 30, 2018
"So in June, we actually expect less southwesterly and westerly airflows - these are the airflows we've seen a lot of in April and May - we're expecting less in June.
"As we go into the second half of winter there is some signal that we may go back towards that southwesterly flow pattern. That type of pattern opens the door to the Southern Ocean.
June was likely to be unusual compared to a regular winter, he said.
SEA SURFACE TEMPERATURE
Noll said when the ocean temperatures returned to average, it reduced the likelihood of big rain events.
The past summer saw record sea surface temperatures.
"Undoubtably there will be downpours and significant rain events - we'll get one this weekend - but it basically may reduce the intensity or likelihood."
MetService MetService National Forecast Video
SKI FIELDS
Noll said the ski industry had good luck in the past week or two with the cold snap.
"We think June ... could be more of a struggle so, those who have a good base - if they can endure June, may come out pretty good because in July perhaps and August has a better chance of being favourable in terms of being colder and more southwesterlies to get them snow."
Brandolino said the mixed bag for the climate might not make for headline weather stories, but it kept his job interesting.​
- Stuff
In Bradley Cooper's upcoming movie A Star is Born, Hollywood gives an age-old tale a millennial spin
As we get ready for a fourth coming of the classic Hollywood saga A Star is Born, there might not be anything that comes close to A Star is Born when it comes to stories that Hollywood repeats many times over. The previous accounts include a 1937 Fredric March-Janet Gaynor version, the 1954 George Cukor musical version featuring Judy Garland and James Mason, and finally the Barbra Streisand-Kris Kristofferson front lined one in 1976. Although it's rare for a template as oft-repeated as A Star is Born to throw up something new, this time there's not one but two first-times associated with the film; this version marks the directing debut of Bradley Cooper, who also plays the male lead, and the big screen acting debut of a certain Stefani Germanotta, better known as Lady Gaga, who plays the titular ‘star.'
Among things associated with A Star is Born, the one that stands apart is how, almost like clockwork, the template gets ready to be re-imagined ever so often. In fact there is a popular adage in Hollywood that forms the film's basic kernel - a young woman is noticed by a top star who mentors her and they fall in love, but she becomes more popular and he can't take this so he dies or walks away, and she carries on but somewhere loses her identity and becomes a flag bearer of his talent – is just the thing that could probably best define Hollywood. This is the reason that makes this romantic tragedy a go-to project. Such is the fascination for this tale of fame, success, love, and loss that even before the first A Star is Born there was What Price Hollywood? (1932) where the theme was first explored but from a slightly different perspective – a rising actress had to choose between an alcoholic filmmaker and a puritanical husband.
The universal appeal of the basic premise of A Star is Born has been most famously interpreted by Hindi cinema in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Abhimaan (1973) where a much-established singer Subir Kumar (Amitabh Bachchan) marries Uma (Jaya Bhaduri), the daughter of a classical singer (AK Hangal), and when they sing at their wedding reception everyone notices that the wife is a diamond in the dust. She gets offers to sing, and although she is reluctant, Subir is gung-ho about the prospect and pushes her to take the plunge. Her soaring popularity sees Subir lose interest in work, take up drinking, and the two become distant. When Uma offers to quit, Subir is enraged and things only get worse. While Abhimaan was reminiscent of A Star is Born, there was a notion that it was actually inspired by the real-life marriage of Kishore Kumar (noticed the protagonist's name ‘Subir') and his first actress-singer wife, Ruma Ghosh.
The film was initially titled called Raag-Raagini, and one urban legend also suggests that Pandit Ravi Shankar and Annapurna Devi's rocky marriage, where Pandit ji didn't allow Annapurna Devi to perform in public as she was far more gifted, could be the inspiration for Abhimaan. Somewhere the audiences also drew parallels between the films and the onscreen couple's off-screen life – Bachchan was just starting his ascent to stardom while Bhaduri was a well-established star and her leaving films post-marriage only fueled the speculation.
When it comes to influencing Hindi cinema, What Price Hollywood? seems to be an equally enticing inspiration. One can see the traces of A Star is Born in Mahesh Bhatt's Awaargi (1990) where Azad (Anil Kapoor) is small-time goon who not only saves a prostitute Meena (Meenakshi Sheshadri) but also helps her fulfill her dream of being a famous singer. Azad urges a music director, Dhiren (Govinda), to aid Meena and sacrifices his love for her. Later Meena has to choose between Azad and Dhiren. A few years after Awaargi, Ram Gopal Varma's Rangeela (1995), too, followed the same structure, but instead of a singer made the female lead an actress.
While talking about the enduring appeal of A Star is Born, Barbra Streisand said that the hook “seems to work every 20 years.” The 2018 version has been in the reckoning for a while with stars such as Will Smith and Whitney Houston being approached in 1998. Later Houston was dropped in favor of Jenifer Lopez post-Out of Sight. Then Smith briefly made way for Jamie Foxx, and by end of 2010s Russell Crowe and Beyoncé became frontrunners. Finally when Clint Eastwood was attached to direct, Leonardo DiCaprio entered the picture, and after a while Tom Cruise showed interest.
It wouldn't be incorrect to say that Hollywood is always thinking of A Star is Born! Another reason for the appeal could be the prospect of an Oscar for either of the roles, and in that aspect both Crowe and Cruise seem to be the perfect options to play the immensely challenging chauvinistic male superstar desperate enough to try and control his ticket back to glory days. It's also a film that becomes about the leading lady with each passing moment, and in an industry where parts for young women were rarely so well etched, A Star is Born is also a dream role for younger actresses. The industry is abuzz with Lady Gaga packing in an Oscar-worthy performance and the studio shifting its release to May 2018 reveals that Hollywood is more than confident that “one of the grandest heartbreak dramas that has drenched the screen in years” is now ready for the millennials.
Published Date: Feb 04, 2018 11:58 AM | Updated Date: Feb 04, 2018 11:58 AM
Television actor Karanvir Bohra says he enjoys tapping the dark side and the elements of being "anti" is exciting for him.Asked what attracts him to dark content, Karanvir said "I think the elements of being anti anything is exciting for not only me but everybody. I think nobody likes (being) goodie two shoes. Goodie two shoe days are over actually."The 34-year-old actor says it's not just about playing a baddie on the small screen."It's about saying and exploring different facets of human character and emotion. I really enjoy tapping that side of as I call it 'my wild side' or 'dark side'," Karanvir added.But he does keep dabbling between different genres."Right now I am playing this host on India's Best Judwaa and that is totally me. No baddie, evil or being wicked. It is just fun, cute and even children can watch this show," he said.
SINGAPORE: A 32-year-old man was arrested on Friday (Oct 6) for the suspected thefts of batteries from fire alarm panels, police said in a new release.
Police had received several reports between March and October of the thefts of batteries from panels located at multi-storey carparks of various housing estates.
By inserting a capacitor into the alarm panels, the suspect was able to deactivate the alarm trigger, allowing him to steal the batteries.
With the aid of police cameras, the suspect's identity was established and the man was arrested along Punggol Way on Friday. Police also seized a bag of capacitors, universal keys to fire alarm panels and some tools.
The suspect will be charged on Saturday for theft. He faces up to three years' jail, a fine, or both.
"Removing the battery from a fire alarm panel will affect the operations of the fire alarm, and jeopardise safety of the public in the event of a fire," police said, adding that action will be taken against "anyone who displays such blatant disregard to the safety and wellbeing of the public."
Advertisement
Win a pair of tickets to UCLA Bruins vs. Texas A&M on September 3rd at the Rose Bowl!
Join the Bruins at the Rose Bowl for the best in college football and tailgating. Arrive early. Wear blue. Cheer loud. EVERY game.
Call (310) UCLA-WIN or go to UCLABruins.com to purchase your ticket. Tickets start ONLY at $5 each!
Go to UCLABruins.com and get your season pass!
WASHINGTON -
Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice-president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice-President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
And Trump lashed out at the news media Wednesday morning, sending out a tweet berating some news organizations for focusing on “This Russian connection non-sense.” In a post on his verified Twitter account, Trump said, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” He added that the news reporting was “merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
Trump also asserted in a tweet: “Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia.”
At the White House Tuesday, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters: “The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for his resignation.”
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday “there were no lines crossed” in his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day he was fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counsellor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “full confidence” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit his letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
Flynn's firing heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether he had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, he and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, he also expressed anger with other aides for “losing control” of the story and making his young administration look bad.
Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that he had received “incomplete information” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in his talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what he told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Before resigning Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news non-profit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that he and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
“It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “It was basically: 'Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, 'We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
———
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
U.S. stock index futures rose on Tuesday as bond yields eased, while strong earnings from industrial heavyweights Caterpillar and United Technologies helped reinforce optimism about a first-quarter earnings season now in full swing.
NEW YORK: U.S. stocks slid on Tuesday as 10-year Treasury yields hit 3 percent for the first time in four years, stoking concerns over higher borrowing rates for companies already facing rising costs, and as quarterly results failed to deliver positive outlooks.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 423.32 points, or 1.73 percent, to 24,025.37, the S&P 500 lost 35.74 points, or 1.34 percent, to 2,634.55 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35.
(Reporting by Stephen Culp; Editing by Chris Reese)
FORESTVILLE -
Norfolk staff has been told to go easy on an elderly Forestville couple who've been tripped up by a potentially expensive bit of red tape.
Earl “Sandy” Gee and his wife Wendy have been living in a granny flat on the West Quarter Line in Forestville for nearly 20 years.
Under provincial law, individuals and families that have been living in a granny flat for 20 years must re-apply to the municipality for certification. This is like starting over again with a new application. In Norfolk, the cost of doing so is $2,235.
“As senior citizens, we would like to stay in our home,” the couple said last month in a letter to the county. “We are not ready for a nursing home and we cannot afford the application fee.”
Norfolk council has never encountered a situation like this. Granny flat residents rarely live in one for 20 years.
Council does not want to be associated with any action that could be construed as harassing an elderly couple on a fixed income.
At Tuesday's meeting, Port Rowan Coun. Noel Haydt referenced the example of a Waterford senior who spent six months in jail in 2014 for defying Norfolk County on building code and fire code issues at an Alice Street apartment building.
“What are we going to do if they can't pay the fee?” Haydt asked. “Send over bylaw officers and give them the boot? Send them to jail for six months?”
The situation poses a dilemma because the provisions of the Planning Act are clear and council cannot give people preferential treatment.
“We don't want to throw anybody out but we want to be fair to everybody,” Windham Coun. Jim Oliver said.
The Gees applied to the Township of Delhi for their granny flat in 1996. The couple took up residence there in 1999. The Gees had to renew their permit in 2004 and then every three years after that. Each renewal cost in the range of $400.
In their letter, the Gees said their deadline for renewal is Dec. 31 of this year. Norfolk has already relieved some of the pressure by pointing out that the deadline is actually Dec. 31, 2018.
With nearly two years to resolve the matter, Mayor Charlie Luke suggested that Norfolk write a provision into its user fee schedule specifically for individuals and couples who live in their granny flats for more than 20 years. That could take place early in 2018, providing ample time to resolve the Gees' predicament without adding to their stress levels.
“The granny flat is one way we keep seniors out of seniors homes at great cost to the taxpayer,” Luke said. “Let's wait and see what staff can do to help these people.”
Sandy Gee, 86, was the proprietor of Gee's Lumber & Logging in Forestville prior to his retirement. The granny flat he and his wife occupy was built on a hill beside the old saw mill.
From 1985 to 1999, Wendy Gee was the proprietor of the Country Store in Forestville.
“This is a better house than we've ever lived in,” she said of the flat on Thursday.
Whatever the county decides, Sandy Gee is willing to do what it takes to defend the household. If the county slaps him with a hefty bill, Gee will respond.
“I'd have to get a job, I guess,” he said. “Although the old mill has been closed for a while.”
A “granny flat” is a residential unit on a lot with an existing residential structure. They are allowed in instances where seniors wish to live in close proximity to their children or other caregivers.
The home next door that the Gees used to live in is occupied by their son Andrew.
MSonnenberg@postmedia.com
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Penalties plague UMass hockey in Mariucci Classic championship game
Posted by Nick Souza on January 2, 2017 · Leave a Comment
The Massachusetts hockey team was looking to rein in the New Year with some hardware on Saturday in the championship game of the Mariucci Classic against host Minnesota.
However, the Minutemen's (5-13-2, 2-7-1 Hockey East Association) struggles with special teams would haunt them early and often as the Golden Gophers scored a medley of special goals (two power-play goals, a short-handed goal and an empty net goal) on route to a 4-1 victory.
UMass put itself behind the eight ball early with a crosschecking penalty on freshman defenseman Shane Bear just 26 seconds into the first period. Minnesota (11-5-2, 3-1-0 Big Ten) capitalized quickly on the opportunity when forward Tyler Sheehy scored on the ensuing power play to take a 1-0 lead.
“It's not how we wanted to start the game taking a penalty,” Minutemen coach Greg Carvel told WHMP following the game. “Then they capitalize right away, and I felt like they spent a good portion of the game on the power play through the first two periods, which is tough to do against a skilled team.”
The second period presented UMass its first power-play opportunity, but just over five minutes into the stanza Golden Gopher senior Justin Kloos buried a short-handed goal on a break away coming from a turnover high in the offensive zone by the Minutemen expanding the lead to 2-0.
Despite forward Jonny Lazarus bringing UMass back within a goal courtesy of an odd man rush later in the second, a tripping penalty on freshman Griff Jeszka opening the door for Minnesota to extend its lead again.
Just two minutes after the Lazarus goal, the Golden Gophers regained their two goal lead with a second power play goal by junior Mike Szmatula. Minnesota would take the 3-1 lead into the intermission.
The Minutemen had a opportunity in the third with a five-minute major coming with just over six minutes to go in regulation, but UMass failed to capitalize as it finished the night 0-for-6 on power-play opportunities – and 0-for-9 for both games in the tournament.
An empty net goal forward Vinni Lettieri would ice the 4-1 victory for the Golden Gophers with 37 seconds to go.
Minutemen advance past Alabama Huntsville in OT
UMass opened the Mariucci Classic on Friday with a 2-1 win against Alabama Huntsville in overtime.
Just over two minutes into the overtime period, Jeszka tapped home a pass from defenseman William Lagesson right in front of the net to give the Minutemen the 2-1 victory.
For Jeszka, this goal came after taking two penalties in the third period with the game tied 1-1.
“It's not a good feeling to take two penalties like that in the third period,” Carvel told WHMP following Friday's game. “That's a long two minutes in the penalty box when the game is tied. So I'm happy for Griff that he was able to redeem himself, and he'll be able to sleep tonight.”
Defenseman and Minnesota native Jake Horton's goal late in the first period gave UMass the 1-0 period heading into the first intermission.
The Chargers (7-13-2, 7-7-2 Western Collegiate Hockey Association) tied the game with goal from Max McHugh 3:35 into the second period.
While the Minutemen still suffer from power-play woes, at even strength UMass outscored their opponents over the weekend by a combined 3-1 (the empty net goal not included).
The Minutemen can also hang their hat on the improving play of Freshman goaltender Ryan Wischow moving forward, as he finished the tournament with 29 saves in the first gave against UAH and 35 against Minnesota – giving him a .941 save percentage for the tournament.
UMass will open 2017 against American International Tuesday with puck drop scheduled for 7 p.m. at the Mullins Center.
Nick Souza can be reached at njsouza@umass.edu and followed on Twitter @nicksouza27.
Advertisement
No fewer than 30 Boko Haram terrorists have killed an Islamic scholar and injured a teenage boy in Mifa village, Chibok Local Council of Borno State, a resident said yesterday in Maiduguri.
He said the attack occurred at 9.30 p.m. on Monday before soldiers were deployed to the village yesterday morning.
Confirming the incident in Maiduguri, a military source said the insurgents entered the village through the south flank of Sambisa Forest, shooting sporadically to scare away the villagers before killing the Islamic scholar.
“Soldiers stationed in Chibok were quickly drafted and we were able to repel the attack and killed one of the terrorists,” the source said.
Residents of Chibok, who spoke yesterday on telephone, expressed fears that the community may be attacked again despite military's presence in the area.
“You know this is getting too much. Chibok is surrounded by bush and the borders are not well patrolled. We cannot sleep well because of fear and that is why we want the soldiers to resume their mobile patrol,” another Mifa resident said.
Meanwhile, the Presidential Committee on North-East Initiatives (PCNI) has said that the N45 billion budgeted by Federal Government to feed over 2.6 million Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in the North-East was grossly inadequate.
Advertisement
The PCNI pointed out that this was especially so when compared to what the international community spends on humanitarian services.According to the PCNI, the country requires N108 billion to effectively and efficiently intervene and feed IDPs in camps and liberated communities of the affected states in the northeastern part of the country.
Senator Mohammed Ali Ndume, who led members of the panel to the Deputy Governor of Borno State, Usman Durkwa, on the humanitarian crisis to feed displaced persons, stated this yesterday in Maiduguri, the Borno State capital.
He noted that the Federal Government budgeted N12 billion last year and N45 billion in 2017.
The contributions of the international community to the humanitarian crisis in the region, he noted, was more than that of the Federal Government.
In another development, victims of the Boko Haram insurgency from seven local councils of Adamawa State yesterday decried the discrimination against Christians in the sharing of relief materials meant for them.
They called for the intervention of the state and federal governments to help alleviate their sufferings.
The victims, who are from Mubi North, Mubi South, Madagali, Maiha, Hong, Michaka and Gombi council areas, urged the government to review efforts made so far towards restoring the North-East to check its effectiveness.
Leader of the group, Rev. Paul Alhamadu, faulted government's claim that it has defeated Boko Haram. He said that there were still silent attacks in some of the villages with no effective intervention from the government in terms of relief, compensation or rehabilitation since the insurgency.
Its never too early to plan ahead, especially when you are expecting guests in your home. Your family and friends know and might love your style, but it can be important to spice things up now and again to impress your visitors. Factors such as lights, music and food can affect your guests experience in your home.
To remain stylish and keep your party going, consider these tips for fun and festive home entertaining.
Back to basics
Staying organized is key while entertaining guests in your home. Try to plan out every detail before the big event, which can allow things to go more smoothly on the big day. As you think out your plan ahead of time, making lists can be a helpful way to stay organized and ensure you get everything done. List out your guests, what needs to be picked up from the store and possible decorations you might need to buy or craft yourself. The possibilities can seem endless, but its important to have a plan in place before you start putting things together.
Think about theme
There are numerous ways your style can be shown while entertaining. One way is to pick a theme or theme-related food dishes. One way to show your theme is through decorations. Placing them throughout your home can give the party some life and help guests get into the overall theme of the party.
Advertisement
Light up the party
Transforming your home can be made simpler by changing the lighting. Its typical for lights to be dimmed for parties to set a more relaxed mood. Other ideas include using candles, lamps or even hanging lanterns if you are entertaining outside. Make sure its bright enough so everyone can see, but dimmed enough to set the mood for the evenings events.
Set the mood with music
Pick music that matches your theme and inspires that same feel throughout the house. If youre going for a fun, energetic atmosphere, try something with a quick tempo, such as pop. If youre wanting to relax, go for subtler, soothing tones. Try making your playlist before you entertain and listen to it a few times through, that way you can know what to expect and how guests will react to your music selections.
Enjoy it.
Through all the anxiety and stress of entertainment planning, make sure you take time to enjoy yourself during the time guests are in your home. Some guests will notice if youre not having a good time. Smile and remember to be present in the moment.
 MetroCreativeConnection
0
The Americans has completed its six season run, and it is truly the end of an era, comrades. The series was always among, if not the, top TV series every year, as its wonderfully nuanced portrait of a marriage was encapsulated in 80s Cold War spycraft that felt increasingly relevant to our news cycle. FX's The Americans will be remembered for many things, but chief among them was the joy of Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys' performances as Elizabeth and Philip Jennings, two Soviet spies playing at being Americans to try and bring down a democracy, and yet we loved them. It's always been complicated being an Americans fan — it feels lightly treasonous to feel so emotionally invested in spies who want to destroy our country. But that's what made the show so great; among all of the wigs and the amazing soundtrack choices and the fashion nods were stories and characters who felt incredibly real.
Last week, we were able to speak with stars Russell and Rhys, as well as showrunners Joe Weisberg and Joel Fields via a series of conferences calls, to dive into the events of that stunning The Americans ending. Series finales are notoriously difficult to pull off, but Weisberg and Fields had the rare luxury of planning for the end in advance, having been renewed for two seasons at the end of Season 4. That afforded them the chance to complete this tale exactly as they envisioned it, and they did so by finding the right balance between what felt right for the story while also satisfying fans. It was a deeply emotional conclusion, one that cements the show's legacy as one of TV's best.
Below are some excerpts from our conversations with the stars and showrunners on this final episode, including what made the series so unique, what that dream sequence was all about, the chances of Philip running into Martha in a Moscow grocery store, and so much more. (The interview has been edited for length and clarity).
1:47
Obama gave this man a second chance, here's how it's going
1:44
How destructive is the ‘Mother of All Bombs'?
0:08
Shortly after Cardi B confirmed her pregnancy on Saturday Night Live in early April, she assured fans her career would stay on track. Although Cardi B is under no obligation to deliver hits while pregnant (everyone has a right to self-care), it's obvious the rapper intends to stay true to her word. Want proof? Look no further than Cardi B's new music video for her hit single, "I Like It." What's especially impressive about the video is that Cardi B was five months pregnant during filming — a feat that isn't going unnoticed by parents. And in a not-so-surprising twist, many fans are taking to Twitter to congratulate Cardi B on her new accomplishment.
If you Google Cardi B and "I Like It," you'll find a ton of articles about how the song is the unofficial anthem of the summer. But the song — featuring Bad Bunny & J Balvin — represents more than just catchy lyrics. Most of all, the song is about Cardi B cementing her status as a successful working parent. And when you throw the song's music video into the mix, it's clear Cardi B will have no problem juggling motherhood with her career — especially when you consider she was five months pregnant (7 months in some scenes) during the shoot. Making matters even more amazing is that the music video was filmed in Miami, meaning that Cardi B endured hot temperatures and an overwhelming amount of humidity to get the job done. Get that girl a Video Music Award, stat.
"On the 'I like it' music video for the [sic] yellow skirt and the group scene i was 5 and a half month pregnant," Cardi B wrote to her Twitter followers on Tuesday, the day of "I Like It's" premiere. "The red dress scene 7 month pregnant. Bro when i tell you i was so uncomfortable and hot in Miami omg I'll talk about it later."
Talk about an achievement. I can't even begin to imagine how uncomfortable Cardi B felt dancing around in the Miami heat with a growing human inside of her. Not all heroes wear capes.
As it turns out, a lot of parents share my appreciation for Cardi B's work.
"I love how cardi b got soo much done while pregnant," one fan gushed, according to Twitter. "Her whole album, all dese videos. working mom's."
Someone else added:
I love how cardi b has been doing all these music videos pregnant bc not only does it prove women can do anything/that u can have a baby and a career but also that you don't need to be society's idea of in shape or whatever to look hot as f**k in a music video. She is amazing.
"Between 5 and 7 months pregnant, @iamcardib filmed a music video in the blazing heat of Miami," one person penned. "I'm 6 months pregnant and can't even bend down properly."
Don't @ me but IMO no woman has broken more ground in normalizing motherhood + career ambition and representing pregnant bodies in pop culture than @iamcardib. From her SNL debut to rocking that 5-7 month baby bump in her music video for I Like It she is killing it. #GetItGirl.
Of course, Cardi B isn't the only parent out there who has worked while pregnant. One fan said as much, writing on Twitter: "Why is Cardi B getting praise for shooting a music video while pregnant, the majority of pregnant women still work there normal job until they give birth, but you don't see them getting any extra praise."
Although society should champion all moms — whether they work or not — Cardi B is receiving additional attention because she's defying the unfair expectations set for celebrity mothers. When a celebrity announces they're pregnant, for instance, their identity gets snatched by the media. From the #bumpwatch phenomenon (how awful, right?) to magazines' obsession with maternity style, pregnant celebrities often struggle to control their own narrative. As for Cardi B, however, she's fighting against society's need to put women into boxes. Cardi B wants the world to know that she's an artist and a soon-to-be parent.
Cardi B on YouTube
The best part about Cardi B's continued success is that her daughter will get to witness it. And Cardi B touched on that in an Instagram video about the shoot. "Let me tell you, I was so overwhelmed because it was so hot… I was really cranky," Cardi B admitted, according to Instagram. "But the outcome is beautiful. And I know one day I'm going to be like to my baby: 'Yass, girl. You are inside of me when I did all of that sh*t.'"
On that note, here's to Cardi B's successes and her daughter's impending arrival. Cardi B has so many things to celebrate these days, and parents are thrilled to share in her happiness.
The Step Up Oklahoma coalition has ended talks with The Wind Coalition, citing concerns that wind lobbyists were undermining efforts to solve the state's budget crisis, according to a letter published Friday evening.
A letter sent to Jeffrey Clark, president of The Wind Coalition, by Oklahoma City attorney and Step Up Oklahoma member Glenn Coffee detailed the group's concerns:
A multi-million pound scheme to conserve monuments and heritage sites, celebrate the industrial heritage of a national park and improve the natural environment could be expanded.
Leaders of the £3.9m project in the North York Moors National Park said following a successful first year, it was hoped to secure further funds to extend the project, which had initially been constrained by red tape.
The four-year scheme is focusing on an area from Goathland in the east, following George Stephenson's original rail route north to Grosmont, before turning west along the Esk Valley to Kildale, and over the moors south eastwards to Rosedale.
A meeting of the North York Moors National Park Authority heard work to record and conserve a range of monuments and heritage sites has started on Rail Trail Bridges and at sites such as the Esk Valley Mine and Warren Moor mine, the latter being the only Victorian ironstone mine chimney still standing in the UK.
Next year will see action to tackle the crumbling kilns at Rosedale, where huge kilns were installed to carry out the initial calcining process before the iron ore – up to 250,000 tonnes in the 1860s – was transported to Teesside.
Teesside University is supporting a graduate intern programme for computer games designers to build virtual 3D models of heritage sites, such as the Rosedale kilns, when they were operational. These will be displayed to the public at a new exhibition centre at the Moors Centre in Danby next year.
Environmental work has included creating mine water discharge remediation ponds at Sil Howe and Clitherbeck, which have proved successful in
reducing iron ochre pollution in watercourses.
Members were told a feasibility study was underway on water voles, looking at their distribution across the Land of Iron area over recent years, and the potential for a landscape-scale mink control and water vole reintroduction programme.
Tom Mutton, Land of Iron programme manager, said the scheme had also awarded grants of between £300 to £12,000 to an array of groups for projects ranging from supporting public transport to a community textiles project using iron to dye fabrics.
He said: “There's no upper or lower limit, so if someone comes along with a cracking idea with a £30,000 project there's the opportunity to go for it.”
Members questioned why the scheme had not covered a wider area, given the array of nearby iron industry-related heritage sites.
Councillor Heather Moorhouse said: “I appreciate there has got to be a boundary and it's more than a little bit upsetting for the people of Great Ayton that they weren't included because there is all the mine workings and tower there.”
Mr Mutton said the scheme had been limited to a 77 square mile area of the national park to fit in with Heritage Lottery Fund criteria, but with other sources of funding, such as the Sirius Minerals polyhalite mine, the area in which work is undertaken could be extended.
He added: “The Cleveland Ironstone story is so massive compared with ours, it's the same seam of ironstone, but a different side of the hill.
“There's a much bigger story to tell and the visitor doesn't see that boundary line, they see the mine or piece of industry in the Cleveland and North York Moors area.”
Facing severe criticism over the implementation of Goods and Services Tax, the government on Friday announced a slew of measures to ease the concerns of traders, exporters and small business while slashing the rates on 27 items of common consumption, including roti, khakra, namkeens, stationery, man-made yarn — with most of them brought to 5% category.The tax rate on services, including government contracts involving large labour, job work services in relation to imitation jewellery, some food and food products has been reduced from 12 per cent to 5 per cent.Tax rate on man made yarn was reduced to 12 per cent from the current 18 per cent, which is expected to provide relief to the textile industry. Moreover, tax rate on unbranded namkeen, unbranded ayurvedic medicine, e-waste, paper waste, rubber waste, plastic waste was reduced to 5 per cent.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
COURTESY OF WYOMING POLICE
WYOMING — Borough police are searching for a man who they say was involved in a retail theft at Gerrity's Market on Tuesday morning.
The theft happened at about 8:15 a.m. Tuesday at the market on Wyoming Avenue, police said in a news release.
The suspect fled the area in a white or light-colored sport utility vehicle, possibly a Subaru, police said.
Police on Tuesday released video surveillance footage of the alleged thief.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Wyoming borough police at 570-693-0291, ext. 105 or Mflanagan@Wyomingpa.org.
Jose Mourinho has confirmed Marouane Fellaini has had surgery after sustaining a knee injury but does not believe the midfielder will miss the rest of the season.
The Belgian midfielder picked up the injury in the 2-0 midweek loss to Tottenham.
Mourinho had not detailed the exact nature of the injury, but had previously suggested it was not a season-ending one.
And the manager confirmed that Saturday, while also acknowledging Fellaini had to undergo surgery to correct the problem in his post-match news conference following United's 2-0 win over Huddersfield Town.
“He had surgery this morning,” Mourinho told reporters. “I don't want to be very specific, I would prefer the doctor to give some information officially that we can put on our website. But it's not the end of the season, not at all.
“It's a small intervention in his external meniscus and I would believe that by the end of March he can be back, and if he's back by the end of March I hope we have a big April and big May still to play in more than one competition.”
The victory over Huddersfield left United in second place on 56 points, 13 behind league leaders Manchester City. The club remain in the FA Cup and the Champions League.
Fellaini, who has played in 15 games for the Red Devils this season across the Premier League, FA Cup and Champions League and scored four goals, is out of contract at the end of the season.
On Friday, Mourinho joked with reporters that he told Fellaini he should sign the deal Manchester United had placed in front of him prior to learning the extent of the injury.
As of the pre dawn hours on Saturday morning, four Palestinians had been declared dead in the besieged Gaza Strip, according to Palestinian medical sources. The Palestinian Ministry of Health released a statement saying that between Friday afternoon — when large clashes erupted along the border areas with Israel — and early Saturday morning — when Israeli airstrikes targeted alleged Hamas military posts — two Palestinian civilians, and two fighters had been killed.
In the southern Gaza Strip district of Khan Younis, 30-year-old Mahmoud al-Masri was shot and killed by Israeli forces during clashes along the border.
Hundreds of Palestinians had taken to the “buffer zone” near the border with Israel on the so-called “Day of Rage,” following calls by Hamas and other Palestinian factions to protest against and clash with Israeli forces in response to US President Donald Trump's Wednesday announcement that he was recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Meanwhile, 54-year-old Maher Atallah succumbed to his wounds on Friday evening, after he was shot by Israeli forces near protests in northern Gaza.
Early Saturday morning, before dawn, two Palestinian fighters of Hamas' military wing, the Izz al-Din al-Qassam Brigades, were killed in Israeli strikes targeting an al-Qassam military site.
Spokesperson of the Ministry of Health said that ambulance crews were able to find the bodies at the Badr al-Qassam site in Gaza City, in the northern Gaza Strip.
Locals identified the two as Mahmoud al-Attal, 28, from the Sheikh Radwan neighborhood and Muhammad al-Safadi, 30, from the al-Daraj neighborhood in Gaza City.
Israeli warplanes had targeted three al-Qassam sites in Khan Younis, southern Gaza City and eastern Jabaliya. A six-month-old child was also seriously injured in the airstrike.
[Source: Maan news]
Comments
comments
KIEV/MOSCOW: A dissident Russian journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a briefing about his own killing by the Ukrainian state security service.
Ukrainian authorities had said on Tuesday that Babchenko, a 41-year-old critic of President Vladimir Putin and of Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria, had been shot dead at his flat and that his wife had found him in a pool of blood.
Advertisement
His reported murder had triggered a war of words between Ukraine and Russia and sent shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries.
But on Wednesday, an emotional Babchenko appeared before reporters saying he had been part of a special Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on his life and said he was fine.
"I would like to apologise for what you have all had to go through," Babchenko, who looked on the verge of tears at times, told reporters.
"I'm sorry, but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologise to my wife for the Hell that she has been through."
Advertisement
Advertisement
He went on to thank the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, for saving his life and said the most important thing was that what he called other big acts of terror had been thwarted. He did not specify what those planned acts were.
The SBU said it had received information about the plot and had managed to prevent it.
Babchenko, a Putin critic, lived in the Ukrainian capital after receiving threats at home for saying he did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said in a social media posting late on Tuesday he was convinced what he called "the Russian totalitarian machine" had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called his honesty.
The Kremlin described such allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign.
"This is the height of cynicism against the backdrop of such a brutal murder. It is anti-Russian bluster instead of talking about the need to conduct a thorough, objective investigation," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters before it was revealed that Babchenko was alive and well.
Babchenko sparked a backlash in Russia for his comments in a 2016 Facebook post on a Russian military plane crash. He said his comments had resulted in thousands of threats, his home address being published online and calls for him to be deported.
The plane, carrying 92 people, including dozens of Red Army Choir singers, dancers and orchestra members, crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria in December 2016, killing everyone on board.
(Additional reporting by Tom Balmforth and Maria Kiselyova in Moscow, Olena Vasina and Natalia Zinets in Kiev; Editing by Christian Lowe)
When tour operator Monarch collapsed into administration earlier this week, managers at budget airline easyJet (LSE: EZJ) immediately jumped into action. Not only is the carrier set to benefit from the wave of tourists that now need to rebook their flights, but it is also reportedly bidding on Monarch's coveted Gatwick landing slots. Winning these would enable the firm to increase its capacity from the UK's second largest airport. And it's not just the collapse of Monarch that will help easyJet grow. Italy?s Alitalia SpA and Air Berlin Plc of Germany also filed for insolvency over the summer, taking a chunk of capacity…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
When tour operator Monarch collapsed into administration earlier this week, managers at budget airline easyJet (LSE: EZJ) immediately jumped into action.
Not only is the carrier set to benefit from the wave of tourists that now need to rebook their flights, but it is also reportedly bidding on Monarch's coveted Gatwick landing slots. Winning these would enable the firm to increase its capacity from the UK's second largest airport.
And it's not just the collapse of Monarch that will help easyJet grow. Italy's Alitalia SpA and Air Berlin Plc of Germany also filed for insolvency over the summer, taking a chunk of capacity out of the crowded European short-haul market.
Making the most of a crowded market
The demise of the company's weak peers is excellent news for easyJet's outlook. Indeed, in a trading statement published today, CEO Carolyn McCall said: “The current turmoil in the sector provides EasyJet with opportunities to capitalise on its strong customer proposition and grow and strengthen our positions in Europe's leading airports still further.”
For the full-year to the end of September, the company now expects to report a pre-tax profit for the year of between £405m and £410m. That's at the high end of previous guidance but is a decline of at least 17% from fiscal 2016's £495m. However, these figures include a £100m hit from the fall in the value of sterling, which is expected to ease to £20m for fiscal 2018. Advantageous fuel hedging should pare the kerosene bill by as much as £145m for the year ending 30 September 2018.
As short-term headwinds abate, City analysts believe easyJet's earnings per share will rebound by 18% next year to 99.4p as pre-tax profit recovers to £478m. Considering these figures, it looks as if at 1,250p, shares in the company are fully valued as they trade at a forward P/E of 12.3, in line with the five-year average.
With this being the case, I believe that the company's smaller, domestic peer Flybe (LSE: FLYB) might be a better buy for growth and value hunters.
Making the most of a dangerous situation
Since 2011, Flybe has struggled to take off. After an ill-advised expansion drive, the company had a near-death experience, and it has taken years for management to sort out the mess. Nonetheless, now capacity has been cut and the group has a strong balance sheet, the airline is well-positioned for growth.
Passengers have responded well to the changes. For the company's first fiscal quarter, revenue was up 11.7% year-on-year as passenger numbers rose 7.1% and the yield per seat increased 7.9% to £51.73.
One of the most attractive qualities about Flybe is that the company has no competition on more than two-thirds of its domestic routes. What's more, the airline is a more attractive proposition than rail. For example, a flight from Cardiff to Aberdeen costs £110 and takes three hours. A similar train journey on the same day (22 November) costs over £200 and takes nine hours.
As the turnaround starts to yield results, for the fiscal year ending 31 March 2019, analysts expect the company to earn 7.2p per share. Based on this estimate, the shares could be worth as much as 87.3p, 120% above today's price if they command the same valuation (12.3 times forward earnings) as easyJet.
Namibia's 'severe poverty rate' has been contained by almost a quarter.
A joint report issued by the World Bank and the Namibia Statistics Agency, described the reduction, as a result of the country's fiscal policy.
Conflict brings out both the best and worst in us, and the current state budget battle is no exception. Most of us are already battle-weary from months of debate at the national level around the Affordable Care Act, debt ceiling and tax reform. However, the Republican budget currently in front of Gov. Malloy just spit on public school teachers.
I've always respected spirited debate, trusting it allows for our better angels to emerge and find solutions from both sides of the aisle. Constellating figures come forward from the cauldron of contention, framing the argument in ways that clarify the choices in front of us.
This has been the case since our country's inception. At the start of the Revolutionary War on this very day (Sept. 21) in 1776, Capt. Nathan Hale of the 19th Regiment of the Continental Army was captured by the British and sentenced to death as a spy. Asked if he had any final words, he famously replied, “I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country.” He instantly became our burgeoning country's most famous martyr.
Four years later on this exact same day, Continental Army Gen. Benedict Arnold gave British Maj. John Andre the plans to West Point, effectively switching sides and cementing his status as America's most famous traitor. (Henry Dunnack wrote that Arnold once asked a Continental prisoner what the Americans would do if Arnold was ever caught; the prisoner replied, “They will cut off the leg which was wounded when you were fighting so gloriously for the cause of liberty, and bury it with the honors of war, and hang the rest of your body on a gibbet.”)
Just as these two incidents helped frame what we were fighting for at the time, we're now starting to see some some of these constellating figures materialize out of the budget haze. The Republican budget passed 21-15 in the Senate and 77-73 in the House with three Democratic senators (including Sen. Gayle S. Slossberg) and five House Democrats (including Rep. Kim Rose of Milford) siding with Republicans. Like some Bizarro-World Robin Hood, they're chosen to steal from the poor to give to the rich.
According to Ed Leavy, president of the State Vocational Federation of Teachers, “Section 152 of the Republican budget increases mandatory teacher contributions to 7% for January 1, 2018, while Section 153 increases it to 8% for July 1, 2018. Both section specify the extra money goes into the general fund, not the teacher pension fund.”
The Republican budget seeks to penalize public school teachers for … being public school teachers! They're calling it a 2% “increased contribution,” but it's not going toward the underfunded pensions at all. This teacher tax goes instead to the general fund to cover up years of mismanagement that teachers had nothing to do with. This proposed budget literally steals money from public school teachers by calling it a “contribution.” That's like robbing a bank and calling it a dividend.
Middletown Mayor and Connecticut Gubernatorial candidate Dan Drew wrote of the proposal, “They refuse to tax the wealthy more than 6.99% but they'll hit public school teachers with special taxes at 8%. This is disgusting. Endorsing it is a betrayal of decency. The people who voted for this budget have literally voted to tax teachers because they're teachers.”
There's more of course. The 700-page Republican budget also ends collective bargaining on state employee pensions, allows towns to override arbitration decisions, and reopens collective bargaining decisions while keeping most of Malloy's ECS (Education Cost Sharing) cuts and major reductions in higher education.
Teachers trusted Mr. Malloy when he said he respected the importance of educators. Now, 237 years to the day after Benedict Arnold betrayed those loyal to him, this is our Governor's moment. His constituents aren't asking him to sacrifice himself as did Nathan Hale; they're just asking that he not betray them as did Benedict Arnold.
If you agree it's wrong to force teachers to donate their salary to fix what they never broke, contact your representatives. I still believe our better angels will emerge.
You can read more at RobertFWalsh.com, contact him at [email protected] or follow him on Twitter @RobertFWalsh.
REUTERS: Theranos Inc said on Monday it would stay out of the blood-testing business for at least two years in exchange for reduced penalties from federal health authorities.
The settlement resolves all outstanding legal and regulatory proceedings between Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and the company, Theranos said.
Under the terms of the agreement, CMS has withdrawn the revocation of the Theranos' CLIA operating certificates and reduced its civil monetary penalty against the company to US$30,000, Theranos said.
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) mandates that virtually all laboratories, including physician office laboratories, meet applicable federal requirements and have a CLIA certificate to operate.
Theranos, which exited the clinical lab and retail business last year, said it also would withdraw its September 2015 appeal of the sanctions imposed by CMS on its Newark clinical laboratory.
CMS could not be immediately reached for comment outside regular business hours.
Theranos ran into trouble after the Wall Street Journal published a series of articles beginning last October suggesting its blood-testing devices were flawed and inaccurate.
The company, once valued at US$9 billion, was founded by Elizabeth Holmes in 2003 to develop an innovative blood testing device that would give quicker results using just one drop of blood. In 2016 Holmes was barred by a U.S. regulator from owning or operating a lab for at least two years.
(Reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Bill Trott)
Photo of chat piles in the area around Tar Creek left behind from mining operations.
The City of Miami is repairing a faulty drainage line that leaked compost liquid into Tar Creek.
State inspectors say the spill turned the creek dark for about two miles, killing thousands of fish.
Tar Creek is a superfund site that is still in the recovery process after decades of contamination from zinc and lead mining.
The drainage line leak is unrelated, but inspectors are calling it a setback.
To understand why the United States and China stand on the brink of a trade war, consider the near-death experience of American Superconductor Corp.
The company, known as AMSC and based in Massachusetts, was reeling after a Chinese partner stole its technology — the electronic brains that run wind turbines. The loss was devastating: AMSC's stock shed $1 billion in value, and the company cut 700 jobs, more than half its workforce.
“Attempted corporate homicide” is what CEO Daniel McGahn called it. In January, its Chinese partner, Sinovel Wind Group, was convicted in a US court of stealing AMSC's trade secrets.
To the Trump administration, Sinovel's predatory practices are hardly isolated. Beijing, it charges, is orchestrating a brass-knuckles campaign to supplant US technological dominance and over the next few decades make Chinese companies global leaders in such fields as robotics and electric vehicles.
According to a report by the Office of the US Trade Representative, Beijing's tactics include coercing American companies to hand over trade secrets in return for access to the Chinese market; forcing US businesses to license technology in China on unfavorable terms; using state funds to buy up American technology; and sometimes outright theft.
Critics have long asserted that China runs roughshod over intellectual property rights. But President Donald Trump, who ran for the White House on a vow to force China to reform its trade policies, is the first US leader to risk a trade war between the world's two biggest economies.
“We've been in a trade war for a long time, but we weren't participating,” said Richard Ellings, president of the National Bureau of Asian Research. “We've awakened. ... This is a fundamental change. It's a historic moment.”
Critics argue, though, that while Trump has picked the right fight, he has chosen the wrong weapon. They predict China will defy an array of US tariffs set to take effect Friday and will retaliate immediately. And they warn that the escalating trade war will slow global growth and jeopardize the second-longest economic expansion in US history.
Many analysts say the United States should have enlisted key allies like Japan and the European Union — which share US complaints about Chinese trade policies — to impose unified pressure on Beijing. Instead, the US is engaging in trade disputes with its friends over imported steel, aluminum and autos.
“There is no way to meaningfully influence Chinese behavior on intellectual property without coordination among like-minded advanced nations, and presently there is almost none,” said Daniel Rosen of the economic research firm Rhodium Group.
Barring a last-minute breakthrough, the Trump administration will impose tariffs this week on $34 billion in Chinese products that have benefited from China's strong-arm policies.
Once Beijing responds with retaliatory tariffs, as it has said it will, the combat could escalate. Trump has said he is prepared to slap taxes on up to $450 billion in Chinese imports, or nearly 90 percent of the goods China shipped to the United States last year.
Peter Navarro, the White House trade adviser, has said the United States needs to protect its high-tech “crown jewels” from predatory Chinese practices.
The stakes go beyond the economy. Many of today's advanced technologies — the ability to collect and analyze vast amounts of data, for instance — have military uses.
“Today, the acquisition of a Silicon Valley startup or even a health care provider may raise just as serious concerns from a national security perspective as the acquisition of a defense or aerospace company,” Assistant US Treasury Secretary Heath Tarbert told Congress in April.
That's why the United States in January effectively blocked the acquisition of the money transfer service MoneyGram by China's Ant Financial. Concerns were raised that the deal would give China access to the financial records of millions of Americans, including members of the military.
The US says the Chinese government blurs the lines between state and private companies by bankrolling deals like Geely's 2010 purchase of Volvo Cars and appliance manufacturer Media's 2016 acquisition of German robotics maker Kuka.
In 2017, Trump vetoed the sale of a US semiconductor manufacturer to a Chinese investor as a threat to national security after Washington concluded the financing came from China's government.
US officials see a threat in Beijing's long-range development plan, called Made in China 2025. The plan calls for creating powerful Chinese players in such areas as information technology, robotics, aerospace equipment, electric vehicles and biopharmaceuticals. Foreign business groups argue that Made in China 2025 is unfairly forcing them to the sidelines in those industries.
Whatever the reasons, China has been gaining traction. Stephen Ezell, director of global innovation policy at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation think tank, said China has raised its share of global output in 18 high-tech manufacturing industries from 8 percent in 2003 to 27 percent now. It is now the world's largest exporter of high-tech products.
Tim Tangredi, CEO of Dais Analytic in Odessa, Florida, supports Trump's aggressive moves, likening the US tariff threat to America's “shock and awe” military campaign against Iraq in 2003.
About four years ago, Dais had lined up a Chinese company to help develop its business in nanotechnology that helps produce clean water. But the partnership imploded. Tangredi said the Chinese company persuaded a long-time Dais employee to defect with trade secrets.
“They just stole it, and they are using it against us,” he said.
Tangredi said he hopes the threat of a trade war will force China to rethink its practices: “You've got to do something to get their attention.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - TIETO OYJ:
* ILMARINEN HAS SELECTED TIETO AS PARTNER Source text: bit.ly/2s1pmoy Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Make the lunches. Find the missing soccer uniform sock. Glue the toy's head back on. Drive the carpool. Make it to work on time.
There's nothing quite like a parent's exhaustive to-do list. After reading bedtime stories and overseeing school reading log entries, why add “reading books for my own pleasure” to your bursting schedule? Here are some compelling, science-backed reasons:
A book a day (or week, or month…)
Book reading is a well-documented brain boosting exercise. One study even suggested that regular book readers live longer. Someone recently pointed out to me that our time in the parenting trenches span fewer years than those we hope to enjoy in a relationship with our adult children. I'm up for anything that protects my brain from debilitating diseases like Alzheimer's and dementia so I can enjoy my family – without doing their laundry – for decades to come.
Add an extra “r” for reading
Parents need rest and relaxation as much as anyone. Pick up a book! One British study recorded significantly lower stress levels after participants read for as little as six minutes. You can't even drive to a yoga studio that fast. Is there something specific dragging down your emotional wellbeing? Bibliotherapy is a growing field that uses book recommendations to help you conquer what ails you.
Break out of your parenting bubble
Brain imaging research shows that reading about an experience sparks remarkably similar brain activity as living it does. Reading can also improve empathy, which we could all use as much of as possible these days. I recently read “The Twelve Lives of Samuel Hawley,” by Hannah Tinti, which tells the story of a father's life through the bullet wounds from his bouts of crime – talk about suspending judgment long enough to take a walk in the shoes of a different kind of parent.
Show your kids that reading is worth your time
Most parents want their kids to be good readers. Even though your habit might be to collapse in front of the TV at the end of a long day, keep in mind that your kids learn to do as you do. Research shows that more time spent reading is correlated with academic success. You probably aren't able to devote 80 percent of your day to reading like Warren Buffett, but even allotting 10 extra minutes per day for family reading time can make a big difference over time in children's reading development. It's clear parental reading is good, but so are exercise, nurturing your marriage, chocolate, and many other competitors for your limited free time. So how do you make it happen?
Find a book to hook you
I always read more when I become engrossed in a great book. One of my favorite family anecdotes is about my great grandmother's tendency to become so absorbed in a book that her children would find her after school sitting right where they'd left her: at the table reading. She wasn't known for her housekeeping but she lived a long and full life, so perhaps there's something to be learned there. And for goodness sake, don't waste your time trying to finish a book you hate. Gretchen Rubin, happiness and habit guru, urges those who want to read more to get comfortable quitting books they don't like and moving on to ones they do.
Find the right time for reading and make it a habit
The stress-relieving powers of book reading make it a helpful bedtime habit – much more effective than screen time. Personally, I don't need any help falling asleep, but enjoy waking up early to write or read during what I think of as my “Drinking Coffee Alone Time.”
You might work reading into pockets of time during your day. Keeping a book in your bag encourages you to read during wait time when you'd otherwise probably just look at your phone. While the benefits of traditional book reading don't all apply to audio books, they can be a way to continue with a book you're enjoying during your commute or while doing housework.
Find your accountability strategy
This year my sister and I formed a book group with some local friends. Not everyone finishes the book every month. After a little while, our conversations tend to turn to school bus drama, nap schedules and other parenting minutiae. Still, having the date on the calendar has motivated many of us to read when we might otherwise not have.
Your book-reading friends don't even have to live nearby. Sites like Goodreads connect you to other readers in your social networks. You can get the satisfaction of adding a finished book to your list (and can even brag about it on Facebook, if that motivates you.)
One friend simply made a resolution to read one book a month for a year. She did it, and logged some great titles.
If all else fails, tell your kids you've given yourself reading homework. Chances are, they'll be happy to hold you to it.
The European Parliament backed curbs on EU nations' emissions on Wednesday to spread the burden of the bloc's Paris climate goals, resolved to forge ahead despite President Donald Trump's decision to pull the United States out of the 195-nation pact.
STRASBOURG: The European Parliament backed curbs on EU states' emissions on Wednesday to share the burden of the bloc's Paris climate goals and forge ahead despite President Donald Trump's decision to pull the United States out of the 195-nation pact.
It voted 534 to 88 in favour of binding national targets for slashing greenhouse gas emissions in sectors including transport, agriculture and waste management to achieve the bloc's overall goal of emissions at least 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030.
Taking the floor ahead of the vote, EU politicians reiterated disappointment over Trump's decision and rejected his call to renegotiate what he called the "draconian" economic costs of a deal they pledged to implement without Washington.
"The refusal of the US to commit to the Paris agreement will push the rest of the world to be even more united against climate change," European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker told the parliament.
In months of tough talks, deputies sought a compromise between ambitious climate measures and concerns among the bloc's 28-member states over the economic strain of the requisite shift to low-carbon technology in big employment sectors.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Environment campaigners hailed the draft law's call for a more ambitious baseline for calculating emission-reduction targets than that proposed by the European Commission, the EU executive.
However, the parliament voted against a proposal to decrease the amount of credits from well-managed forests, which absorb carbon dioxide, that may be used to offset emissions. It also included measures to support lower-income EU member states.
"Today's vote gives a crystal clear signal to Donald Trump: Europe acts on its commitments under the Paris agreement and seizes the opportunities of green growth, with or without you," said Gerben-Jan Gerbrandy, a Dutch deputy who shepherded the draft law through the chamber.
The legislation still needs the support of EU governments before becoming law in a lengthy process of up to two year.
The EU, the world's third-largest emitter, has pledged to team up with China, world's largest polluter, to defend the Paris climate pact's goal of limit global warming to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels.
But the bloc still faces hurdles implementing its climate goals that include truculent member states like pro-coal Poland and Britain's plans to exit from the bloc.
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald in Strasbourg and Alissa de Carbonnel, Charlotte Steenackers and Philip Blenkinsop in Brussels; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
The Secretary General of the Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), Mr. Anthony N. Sani, has described the emergence of the Coalition for Nigeria under the leadership of Chief Olusegun Obasanjo as democracy in action.
Sani is of the opinion that the coalition will bring about the needed cultural renaissance into the polity.
The ACF scribe in a statement observed that, “While there may be national consensus on problems of a nation, there is often no similar national consensus on methods of solution.
“And that is why multiparty democracy allows political parties to present distinct methods of solving the national problems as contained in the party manifestos which are used to canvass for the needed mandate for implementation.
“Those who disagree with the approaches and style of sitting governments are at liberty to join a party of their choice or form a party of their choice and campaign for electoral mandate instead of resorting to violence or ways to split the country.
“We have seen the feats by some young men in France and Australia who worked hard by mobilizing the citizens and won the elections to become presidents. They never allowed frustrations from the challenges of living to becloud their judgements and resorted to violence.
“If the Coalition for Nigeria would provide a viable alternative platform, so be it. That is democracy in action. After all, democracy without a viable opposition is a sham.
“If the Coalition for Nigeria will bring about the needed cultural renaissance into the polity, it will be a welcome idea. But whether the former president has what it takes to bring about such cultural renaissance in the polity is yet to be seen.”
The Berom ethnic nationality in Plateau State has accused Fulani herdsmen of raping and killing women in various communities in Riyom, Jos South and Barkin-Ladi Local Government Areas of the state.
Vice President, Berom Educational and Cultural Organisation (BECO), Da. Iliya Choji Kim, disclosed this on Wednesday during a press conference on bloody attacks in Berom land, held at the BECO Secretariat, Jos, Plateau State.
Da. Kim said 16 persons were killed in cold blood in the month of May 2018 including a woman who was raped and killed on her way to visit the victims in hospital who were attack the previous day.
“The month of May has been a bloody one for the Berom, particularly in Barkin-Ladi Local Government Areas. Our women are being tortured, raped and in some instance killed. Reports of these incidences have been lodged with the relevant security agencies for action and no arrest have been made while victims are being rated as the accused.”
He explained that over 33,000 persons, mostly women, children and the aged have been displaced from 54 villages where the herdsmen are forcefully building houses without clearance.
Da. Kim alleged that since these people were displaced since 2001, they have not received relief materials from National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and Plateau State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA).
He said the Berom ethnic nationality would not condone criminality, adding that they are ready flush out criminal elements among them if there is any.
“The killings in Barkin-Ladi, Bokkos, Bassa and Riyom Local Government Areas be properly investigated to fish out those responsible for sanction. Both Federal and State Governments may wish to act accordingly.
“The State Government should not allow the commendable effort they made over two years ago to waste way. The white paper on the Berom-Fulani peace and reconciliation committee be released immediately for implementation. The native villages that are under occupation be vacated for the people to get back to their ancestral homes to carry on their livelihood just like any other law abiding citizens of Nigeria.”
Worried over the incessant attacks, Governor Simon Lalong has directed the state Security outfit “Operation Rainbow” to embarked on recruitment of 810 security personnel, three each from the 270 electoral wards in the state.
Lalong discled this during the lauch of early warning system at the Operations Rainbow headquarters in Jos.
“Development of an Early Warning System is one of the most important platforms in conflict management, because it enables stakeholders to come up with various ways to identify potential conflict, before it erupts. At least three citizens from every ward of the state will be recruited to broaden the intelligence capability of “Operation Rainbow”.
Lalong stressed that other categories of criminals such as cattle rustlers and those burning farm lands will soon be thrown out of business, and pleaded with stakeholders to desist from defending them when they are brought to face justice.
Gubernatorial front-runner Gavin Newsom on Tuesday predicted a bruising, divisive general-election campaign with $100 million spent against him if he and fellow Democrat Antonio Villaraigosa emerge as the top two winners in the June 5 primary.
“You want a race that's a just knock-out, drag-down [between] Democrats driving down turnout? I think that's guaranteed to do that,” Newsom told reporters on his campaign bus.
He was pushing back at a narrative among pundits that his campaign's efforts to boost the candidacy of Republican John Cox could ultimately hurt Democratic efforts to retake the House in the fall. The conventional wisdom is that having a Republican at the top of the ticket on the November ballot would increase GOP voter turnout, which could help vulnerable Republican members of Congress hold on to their seats.
BOSTON, MA - APRIL 6: Boston Bruins head coach Bruce Cassidy speaks with his team during a timeout during the third period against the Ottawa Senators at TD Garden on April 6, 2017 in Boston, Massachusetts. (Photo by Maddie Meyer/Getty Images)
The Boston Bruins plan on giving back to their supporters here in Connecticut, as well the other five New England states, this summer. The team is taking its first ”Summer Fan Fest Tour” and will make a stop at Bushnell Park in Hartford on Wednesday, Aug. 30.
From 2 p.m. to 7 p.m., fans will be able to participate in various events alongside Bruins players, coaches, executives, and broadcasters for free, including Q&A sessions, taking photos and more.
This initiative is in conjunction with the Bruins Academy's “Learn to Play” program, which gives new equipment to youth players from local communities, as the organization expects to provide more than 4,000 children between 4 and 9 with gear prior to the season.
Youth hockey players will also be able to participate in drills and kid-friendly fitness activities.
In addition, sponsors will be giving away tickets to various home games for the 2017-18 season.
More information regarding the tour can be found on the Bruins' website.
Additional information about the Bruins Academy Learn to Play program can be found here.
Following is the full tour schedule:
Saturday, Aug. 26: Portland, Maine at Monument Square, noon to 6 p.m., 456 Congress St., Portland
Sunday, Aug. 27: Manchester, New Hampshire at Arms Park, noon to 6 p.m. at 0 Arms St., Manchester
Monday, Aug. 28: Burlington, Vermont at Burlington International Airport, 2 p.m. to 7 p.m., 1200 Airport Dr, South Burlington
Tuesday, Aug. 29: Springfield, Massachusetts at Forest Park, 2 p.m. to 7 p.m., 200 Trafton Road.
Wednesday, Aug. 30: Hartford, Connecticut at Bushnell Park, 2 p.m. to 7 p.m., 60 Elm St.
Thursday, Aug. 31: Providence, RI at ALEX AND ANI City Center, 2 p.m. to 7 p.m., 2 Kennedy Plaza.
Super Eagles players and officials would be paid their camping allowances upfront for the Russia 2018 FIFA World Cup, Minister of Youth and Sports Development Solomon Dalung has said.
Dalung told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Correspondent in New York, that the Federal Government had mobilised for the football tournament holding from Jun. 14 to Jul. 15, 2018.
The 2018 FIFA World Cup would be the 21st FIFA World Cup, a quadrennial international football tournament contested by the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA.
“The Federal Government of Nigeria has mobilised and has overcome some of the common obstacles that usually characterised our preparation.
“Our team would have their camping allowances even paid upfront so that we eliminate the crisis of allowances in camps.
“Bonuses are progressive with performance, that one we are also sure that they will do well in it.
“We have also kept the team together and the leadership, and maintain harmony in their football family to be able to give Nigeria victory.
“One thing remains very sure, with the qualification of Nigeria, the country has made a statement that she is not going to Russia as a mere spectator.
“We are contenders that the world should watch out for,'' Dalung said.
Nigeria qualified for 2018 soccer World Cup after the Super Eagles beat Zambia 1-0 at the Akwa Ibom International Stadium in Uyo in October 2017.
A 73rd minute goal from Alex Iwobi ensured that the Super Eagles became the first African country to qualify for the 2018 World Cup and would be at their record sixth appearance.
Nigeria would be facing former World Champions, Argentina, Croatia and Iceland in Group D, but Dalung said there was no cause for alarm as Nigeria was prepared to face the challenge.
“In 2018 in Russia, we are preparing very hard but I've always declined comments when I'm asked to try to explain the level of our preparation.
“Football is like going for war and no general would invite its opponent to inspect his armory before he would attack him the following day,'' he said.
The police in Enugu have arrested the leader and 20 members of the Biafran Zionists Movement.
Benjamin Onwuka and his followers were arrested on Wednesday in Enugu metropolis.
It was gathered that members on Wednesday morning marched towards the Enugu Government House, allegedly to hoist Biafran flags.
Led by Mr Onwuka, who refers to himself as the president, the group which marched from the Bissala Road toward the Government House.
But upon their arrival at the Government House gate, they were rounded up by security operatives, a security source said. A combined team of security operatives including the SSS and the police carried out the arrest.
Confirming the arrest, the Enugu police spokesperson, Ebere Amaraizu, said the 20 other members of the group were also arrested.
“The Enugu State command of the Nigeria Police Force through its operatives today nabbed the leader of Biafran Zionist Movement identified as one Benjamin Onwuka alongside with some of his members numbering about twenty one.
“Onwuka has been standing trial in the court of competent court of jurisdiction over his alleged role of murder, armed robbery and unlawful possession of firearms before he resurfaced today but fell into the hands of the eagle-eyed security operatives of the command.
“He was nabbed within the Enugu metropolis alongside his members based on the intelligence information. Suspects are helping the operatives in their investigations.”
Mr Amaraizu said the sit-at-home called by pro-Biafra movements failed in the state.
“There were movement of vehicles, commuters and traders within and outside the metropolis contrary to the early threat and order of sit-at-home.
“Security operatives were seen at strategic places just as shops, media houses, markets and banks were open to the members of the public,” he said.
Two pro-Biafra movements, IPOB and MASSOB, called for the sit-at-home to mark the Biafra Declaration by late Odimegwu Ojukwu in 1967.
It was earlier reported how the directive was complied with in some South-east states and ignored in others.
The 0.8% fall in orders for heavy machinery was seen by some as a sign that perhaps tariffs on steel and other goods had hurt demand.
Overall orders for durable goods dropped 1.7% in the U.S. in April, according to data released Friday by the Commerce Department.
But new orders for key capital goods made in the U.S. increased 1.0% last month, exceeding expectations. The latter category, which includes non-defense capital goods excluding aircraft, is considered an important proxy for business spending plans.
Business spending has been buttressed, analysts say, by the Trump administration's $1.5 trillion tax cut, which reduced the corporate rate to 21%.
Spending on equipment by businesses, which had grown by double digits in the second half of 2017, slowed in the first quarter of this year.
Stephen Stanley, chief economist at Amherst Pierpont Securities, said core capital-goods shipments this year have been “far softer than I would have imagined” given the corporate tax cuts, but he continues to expect a “strong year for capital spending.”
JPMorgan Chase economist Daniel Silver wrote that the key capital-goods orders and shipments figures “appear to be continuing to trend higher over time,” though inflation-adjusted equipment spending may be “pretty soft” during the second quarter, according to a report from Bloomberg.
The 0.8% fall in orders for heavy machinery was seen by some as a sign perhaps that tariffs on steel and other goods announced by the Trump administration had hurt demand.
Orders in machinery and civilian aircraft fell, while orders in computers, electrical equipment, and metals, gained.
MarketWatch said the drop in durable goods was largely due to a drop in orders for Boeing, which saw 78 orders for aircraft in April, compared with 197 in March. Orders for commercial jets had risen 61% in March, but fell 29% last month and often swing from month to month.
Durable goods are items meant to last at least three years.
Economists had forecast an increase of core capital goods orders of 0.7%.
On the afternoon of June 27 while most of Canada was at work or watching the World Cup matches, a major funding announcement was made with little fanfare and in front of no more than a couple of dozen, mostly Muslim audience of Pakistani Canadians.
Mississauga-Erindale MP Iqra Khalid who has been the mouthpiece of the divisive Motion M103 on ‘Islamophobia' stood in her constituency office to announce that the Trudeau government was investing an additional $23 Million into its multiculturalism program.
With no mainstream media in attendance to ask any questions, Khalid boasted that her “hard work has resulted into tangible action.” She listed the following two groups as being among the recipients of the new funding:
The National Council of Canadian Muslims (NCCM), a former branch of the U.S. based Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR) that was named in 2008 as an unindicted co-conspirator connected to the “largest terror-funding trial in U.S. history. NCCM has denied links to CAIR. Islamic Relief, a worldwide charity accused of links to Islamist extremism by Middle East Forum, Israel and the United Arab Emirates among others.
There is no solid record that the Canadian arms of these two organizations have contributed to current problematic behaviour. Nonetheless, for over a year many Muslim Canadians, including yours truly, my Sun colleague Farzana Hassan as well as other Muslim critics of Islamism had warned that the M103 initiative was much more than the victimhood culture of guilt being forced onto ordinary Canadians.
On Wednesday, we saw our fears come true. While Islamists will receive millions to conduct their Sharia agenda in Canada, Muslim critics of jihad, polygamy, FGM and Sharia have been left on their own to fight global Islamofascism.
In a message to MP Khalid, I asked her to clarify if any part of the $23M will be used to counter the daily denigration of Christians and Jews that takes place in mosques across Canada, from dawn to dusk.
I reminded her that “most Friday sermons at mosque congregations end with a call to Allah to grant Muslims victory over non-Muslims, referred to as ‘Qawm al Kafiroon'.”
“Will the $23M be used to de-radicalize mosque clerics and educate them to end hateful sermons from the pulpits,” I asked.
Despite reaching out to her office twice, I did not get a response, nor any press release or statement issued by any ministry of the Trudeau cabinet.
In making the announcement, the Pakistan-born Liberal MP told her scant audience, her M103 initiative was about “systemic racism and religious discrimination” and that “my goal was to study it and understand why does it happen and to find solutions.”
Most Canadians would have told her, ‘physician, heal thyself,' but of course, ordinary Canadians are too scared to be labelled as ‘racist' by privileged Islamists riding the waves of victimhood.
In recommending Islamic Relief as one of the recipients of the $23 million fund, Khalid covered up the fact that even Bangladesh, a Muslim-majority country has banned Islamic Relief from providing either relief or aid to some 500,000 Rohingya refugees who have taken refuge in the country.
Khalid also shrugged off allegations that Islamic Relief has long been accused of funding terror. The United Arab Emirates has designated Islamic Relief as a terror-financing organization while in Russian authorities have accused Islamic Relief of supporting terrorism in Chechnya.
My question to ordinary Canadians is this: Who will stand up to the Islamist agenda in our country if it's the government itself that funds their agenda?
Two men have been arrested in connection with a rash of break ins all across Winnipeg over the past eight months.
Starting Apr. 25, one or more suspects forced their way into single-family homes and made off with gold and jewellery.
Police were able to catch the suspects following a Glenwood break in Dec. 6.
A home in the first 100 block of Blenheim Avenue was broken into around 2:30 p.m. Wednesday. Jewellery and wrapped Christmas presents were stolen. A neighbour saw the suspects take off in a vehicle.
Jason Kenneth Lundberg, 42, has been charged with:
break, enter and theft x 71
possess weapon x 63
fail to comply with recognizance
firearms related offences
Jamie Leonard Brenner, 40, has been charged with break, enter and theft x 2.
The estimated value of stolen goods totals $180,000. Damage caused to property during the break ins is thought to be around $60,000.
The locations and date of break ins, starting with the most recent:
- Advertisement -
Paris Saint-Germain are hoping Neymar will return from Brazil in three or four days after he travelled home for personal reasons, coach Unai Emery said on Monday.
“We gave him permission to make this journey. I hope he will come back in three or four days' time,” Emery said.
The coach said Neymar approached him as the PSG squad was preparing for Saturday's Ligue 1 match against Lille.
“He told me he had a family matter and that if the club and I gave him the chance to go to Brazil to take care of this problem, it was important to him.
“The person comes first, the player comes second,” Emery said.
Neymar, the world's most expensive player following his 222 million euros ($261.5 million) move from Barcelona this year, went to Brazil on Saturday “for personal matters”, a source from his management company NN Consultaria told AFP.
- Advertisement -
French radio station RMC Sport reported that the 25-year-old flew home after receiving “bad news involving his family”.
Neymar tweeted on Monday but gave no reasons for his trip to Brazil.
He was suspended for the 3-1 victory over Lille and he looks likely to miss Wednesday's League Cup match against Strasbourg, the team that inflicted PSG's only league defeat of the season.
Emery refused to be drawn on whether Neymar would be considered for selection for the Ligue 1 match against Rennes on Saturday.
“We're going to wait and see if he is ready to come,” the Spaniard said. “First of all he has to be at peace with his problem.”
The French league begins a three-week winter break on December 20.
PSG were drawn against reigning European champions Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League on Monday.
Heavy snowfall, followed by freezing temperatures, has led to the cancellation of outpatient clinics and routine procedures at Shropshire's two acute hospitals.
Staff at the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital (RSH) and the Princess Royal Hospital (PRH) came into work yesterday to inform patients who were due to attend clinics today that the decision had been taken to cancel them.
The decision was taken due to a combination of factors including advice from emergency services for people not to travel unless absolutely necessary.
Officials at The Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust (SaTH), which runs RSH and PRH, wanted to limit traffic coming onto the hospital sites and ensure non-emergency patient transport was available for people ready to be discharged from hospital.
The hospitals have also been affected by some members of staff struggling to get into work.
Debbie Kadum, chief operating officer at SaTH, said: “This is not a decision we have taken lightly, but due to the severe weather over the weekend, and the forecast of freezing temperatures today, it was a decision we felt we had to take in the best interests of our patients and our staff.
“We apologise for any inconvenience this may have caused. We will continue to assess the situation and will be making a decision about tomorrow's routine appointments this afternoon. Should we have to cancel any appointments, we will let affected patients know as soon as possible.
“I would urge people only to travel to our hospitals if it is absolutely necessary and remind people that our A&E Departments are only for people with serious illness or injury. There are alternatives out there for less serious conditions, which could mean you avoid what could be a lengthy wait in A&E.”
Alternative sources of care for non-critical ailments are:
• Local pharmacy – they can provide advice and treat a range of minor illnesses and conditions.
• NHS 111 – Call 111 for free from any phone 24 hours a day seven days a week, and you can quickly access appropriate health information and advice
• Minor Injuries Units around the county can treat a range of minor conditions without the need to travel to an A&E department
• You can also book urgent appointments at GP practices, often for the same day or if you are poorly out of normal working hours, you can call Shropdoc the GP Out-of-Hours service on 0333 222 66 55.
Debbie said: “I would like to thank all of our staff who worked throughout the weekend, and have done everything in their powers to get into work today for all their hard work in ensuring our patients receive the best care possible.”
NEW YORK — The Star Wars spinoff Rogue One has led the box office for the third straight week, taking in an estimated US$64.3 million over the four-day New Year's weekend.
The success of Rogue One has only further cemented a record year for the Walt Disney Co., which ran up more than $2.7 billion in domestic ticket sales in 2016 and accounted for more than 25% of the market. Rogue One has grossed about $440 million in North America and nearly $800 million globally.
It ended 2016 with a domestic gross of more than $400 million, according to WENN.com, making it the year's second highest-grossing domestic release behind Finding Dory.
In its second week of release, the animated Sing, from Universal Pictures, again trailed in second with $56.4 million
Some Oscar contenders are also packing theatres. The Los Angeles musical La La Land grossed $12.3 million. And Denzel Washington's August Wilson adaption, Fences, made $12.7 million.
- With Files from WENN.com
WASHINGTON -
Thousands of children are heading to the White House for its biggest social event of the year: the annual Easter Egg Roll.
There had been some hand-wringing over whether President Donald Trump and his wife, Melania, would be able to pull off a successful “egg-stravaganza.” Both the president and first lady have been slow to fill White House staff jobs.
But a downsized version of the 139-year-old event is kicking off early Monday on the South Lawn.
The White House is expecting more than 21,000 children and adults to attend the festivities. That's down from the 35,000 people who attended last year.
The first lady tweeted over the weekend that she's looking forward to hosting the Easter Egg Roll. The event was first held in 1878.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang marked his Arsenal debut with a goal as the club's record signing netted in the first half of their Premier League clash against Everton on Saturday.
Aubameyang joined Arsenal from Borussia Dortmund in a £56 million ($79 million, 63 million euros) switch on Wednesday.
And the Gabon striker, who shook off an illness to start at the Emirates Stadium, needed only 37 minutes to showcase the predatory instincts that made him such a hit in the Bundesliga.
With Arsenal already leading 3-0, Aubameyang raced onto Henrikh Mkhitaryan's pass and clipped a deft finish over Everton goalkeeper Jordan Pickford before soaking up the acclaim of his new fans.
The B.C. government is ending grizzly bear trophy hunting effective Nov. 30.
“This action is supported by the vast majority of people across our province,” Forests Minister Doug Donaldson announced from Hazelton on Monday. “We believe the action we're taking goes beyond the commitment to Coastal First Nations made as part of the 2016 Great Bear Rainforest agreements.”
Donaldson said it will take one or more hunting seasons to see how many fewer bears are killed once trophy hunters opt out of a system that allows them to take the meat but not the head, paws or hide of the bear.
The current grizzly season begins this week in northern B.C., and hunting season in general ends at the end of November, so one more open season for grizzlies will be conducted before the ban takes effect.
The ministry estimates that 250 grizzlies are killed by hunters each year, with 80 of those shot by non-resident hunters participating in a lottery draw for grizzly hunting tags.
Revenue to the province from the grizzly bear hunt is estimated at $540,000 a year, with communities in hunting areas also benefiting from the spending of hunters, particularly from the out-of-province hunters.
Nechako Lakes MLA John Rustad, the former forests and aboriginal relations minister in the B.C. Liberal government, questioned why Donaldson would announce the policy and the deadline without consulting resident hunters, guide-outfitters or aboriginal communities.
B.C. Green Party leader Andrew Weaver campaigned for years for an end to trophy hunting, but he also objected. Banning possession of the hide, paws and head leaves open the possibility that hunters could shoot a grizzly bear and leave the entire carcass behind, he said.
“It appears to me that the NDP were trying to play to environmental voters in the election campaign without thinking through their policies,” Weaver said.
Premier John Horgan committed to ban the trophy hunting of grizzly bears in November 2016, and made it part of the NDP platform in the spring election.
“The Coastal First Nations banned the grizzly trophy hunt in the Great Bear Rainforest four years ago,” said Doug Neasloss, Chief Councillor of the Kitasoo-Xai'Xais First Nation on the B.C. coast, endorsing the NDP position last year. “A provincial ban is long overdue to stop the needless killing of grizzly bears for sport. Bear claws, hides and teeth are not trophies.”
After the Great Bear Rainforest land use plan was adopted, the former B.C. Liberal government began to retire guide-outfitter licenses in the region as territories were sold to bear-watching companies.
About a third of the province is off limits to grizzly hunting for wildlife management reasons. The rest is subject to a managed hunt for resident and non-resident guided hunters that has been validated by independent experts. Former forests minister Steve Thomson defended it a significant contribution to the provincial economy.
In a report released in October 2016, wildlife biologists from the University of Alberta and the University of Minnesota gave high marks to B.C.'s grizzly bear management, including the grizzly bear hunt lottery that attracts foreign hunters each year.
The Oklahoma Highway Patrol says a crop-dusting airplane clipped a support wire to a radio transmitting tower and crashed in central Oklahoma, killing the pilot.
Trooper Matt Conway says the single-engine small plane crashed and burned about 5 p.m. Wednesday about 24 miles northwest of Oklahoma City.
Conway says the aircraft was making a turn while spreading weed killer on a field when it clipped the wire and crashed. With its support wire snapped, the 1,000-foot FM transmitting tower toppled.
The name of the pilot has not been released.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
SINGAPORE: The Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) said it was investigating a case of "white smoke" at the Toa Payoh MRT station on Saturday (Oct 7) morning.
In a Facebook post, SCDF said it was alerted to the incident at about 9.20am.
"The white smoke has dissipated," it said later, adding that no injuries were reported.
"MRT and bus services are not affected by the incident. Investigation by SCDF ongoing," the post stated.
Advertisement
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to address a massive Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) rally in Bengaluru on Sunday to mark the conclusion of the saffron party's 90-day Nava Nirman Parivarthan Yatra across poll-bound Karnataka, said a party official on Saturday.
Modi will land at the HAL airport in the heart of the city at 3.30 pm in the afternoon, take a chopper to the venue and address the rally around 4 pm, reported Deccan Herald.
In the run-up to the state election, due in late April and early May this year, BJP conducted the yatra, crisscrossing nearly all the 224 constituencies of the Assembly across the state after its national president, Amit Shah, flagged it off in November 2017.
The yatra, held with a view to bring BJP back to power in the southern state on the plank of transforming Karnataka through development, was led by its state unit president and former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa and party's other state leaders.
Besides Modi, party's central ministers Prakash Javadekar and Piyush Goyal who are in-charge of the BJP poll campaign in Karnataka, Ananth Kumar, DV Sadananda Gowda and Ananthkumar Hegde who hail from the state and the party's all-state leaders will also participate in the rally and address the public.
No stone left unturned
Elaborate arrangements have been made for Modi's visit to the IT hub. According to The News Minute, 20 LED screens, three helipads and a mini healthcare unit are being set up at the venue, where the prime minister will address the rally.
The report also stated that 40 departments have been created within BJP to make necessary arrangements for the rally. Over four cooking halls with 600 cooks are being set up to prepare food in 250 counters for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Auto-tippers and compactors have also been hired to remove garbage from the venue after the event is over.
All roads leading to the palace grounds have been covered in saffron with a huge 40 x 80 feet stage set up at a height of 20 feet from the ground to accommodate 22 leaders, reported Deccan Herald.
With a focus on attracting young voters and supporters, the BJP had decided to create a separate seating space for techies who wish to attend the event.
"We have invited thousands of youth, especially techies and executives of IT and biotech companies in the city to personally listen to Modi's speech though it will also be telecast live on news channels and available on YouTube," asserted a party official.
The party's state unit has opened an online registration and is using the social media, including Facebook, Twitter, and WhatsApp to personally invite the youth, techies, educated class and prominent citizens to the venue, assuring them of seating arrangements.
"About 30,000 people from across the city have responded, expressing interest in attending the rally and listen to Modi's speech. We hope most of them will turn up as elaborate parking facility has been made for their vehicles at the venue," added the official.
"Even if we take conservative estimates, a minimum of 10,000 to 15,000 of these techies and urban voters will attend the rally on 4 February," a Times of India report quoted a party member as saying. Apart from this, party volunteers will hand-deliver special passes to the registered techies and ply a special bus service to ferry their supporters to the venue from across the city, the report added.
Several workers and supporters from across Karnataka are also expected to attend the rally. According to The Hindu, more than 25,000 supporters from Chitradurga will be transported in 400 buses to the city to attend Modi's rally.
Meticulous security arrangements have also been made for the rally at the sprawling venue in the city centre where the party is expecting at least one lakh people to attend and listen to Modi's speech.
Though Modi was scheduled to address the rally on 28 January, on the conclusion of the three-month yatra that began in Bengaluru on 1 November, it was put off to 4 February, owing to his pre-occupation with other engagements.
"As the Budget Session of the Parliament was beginning on 29 January and the Union Budget was to be presented on 1 February, Modi could not attend the rally on last Sunday as he was busy then," a party functionary told IANS.
Bandh called off, protesters to observe 'black day'
Pro-Kannada organisations called off the bandh in Bengaluru on Sunday, which was meant to coincide with Modi's election rally in the city, after the Karnataka High Court on Friday termed it "unconstitutional".
The high court stayed the bandh, called by pro-Kannada farmers' groups in the city, on Sunday on the Mahadayi water dispute issue. Passing an interim order, a division bench of acting Chief Justice HG Ramesh and Justice PS Dinesh Kumar asked the Siddaramaiah government to take appropriate steps to prevent a breakdown of law and order on that date.
The same pro-Kannada organisations had called for a shutdown on 25 January during Shah's visit to the state. The protesters will instead observe a "black day" on Sunday.
The bandh was called to protest the "inaction" by the central and state governments to resolve the Mahadayi river water sharing row.
The high court bench observed that the bandh calls given by Kannada Chalavali Vatal Paksha on 25 January and 4 February "violate(s) the democratic rights of citizens".
Meanwhile, the Congress-led state government in Karnataka dismissed allegations of batting for the bandh during the prime minister's visit. "I am not so cheap to back a bandh opposing prime minister's visit," News18 quoted Chief Minister Siddaramaiah as saying.
With inputs from agencies
The partnership "provides the scale, infrastructure and credit expertise necessary to succeed as an investor in the private credit markets."
Alternative investment manager FS Investments is partnering with KKR to create a super-sized business development company with $18 billion in assets.
BDCs typically are closed-end investment companies that invest primarily in debt and equity of private companies but the product has fallen off its peak in 2014, when brokers sold $5.5 billion of nontraded BDCs.
Nontraded BDCs raised just $624 million over the first nine months of the year, compared with last year's 12-month sales total of $1.5 billion, according to Robert A. Stanger & Co. Inc.
FS, which launched its first nontraded BDC in 2009, said Monday it will no longer work with longtime sub-advisers to its funds, GSO Blackstone, partnering instead with KKR Credit and Markets. GSO Blackstone currently sub-advises four BDCs in the FS Investments funds family, one of which is listed and three of which are not.
“As the market has evolved, we've recognized the need to also evolve our approach to the business and we believe this partnership with KKR provides the scale, infrastructure and credit expertise necessary to succeed as an investor in the private credit markets,” Michael Forman, CEO of FS Investments, said in a news release.
The four BDCs sub-advised by GSO Blackstone have roughly $14 billion in assets. When combined with KKR's Corporate Capital Trust, they will have $18 billion in assets and be the largest BDC on the market.
Forman told Investment News that the combination will provide liquidity to investors in the three non-traded BDCs with the FSIC brand and the scale of the new company would enable the BDCs to borrow money at more favorable terms and reduce expenses.
“The change at FS Investments comes at a time when sales of BDCs are on track to decline for a third consecutive year and are on the way to posting their worst year for equity raising since 2010, when the product was just beginning to be widely sold by independent broker-dealers,” Investment News said.
KKR Credit and Markets CEO Todd Builione said the partnership would increase KKR Credit's assets under management by 33% to $55 billion.
Costco Wholesale Corp has rolled out two new grocery delivery services this week, a new step in its efforts to fight growing competition from Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores Inc .
REUTERS: Costco Wholesale Corp has rolled out two new grocery delivery services this week, a new step in its efforts to fight growing competition from Amazon.com and Wal-Mart Stores Inc .
Costco Chief Financial Officer Richard Galanti said in the company's post-results call that the membership-based chain had started offering two-day delivery of dry groceries as well as a same-day delivery service for groceries including fresh foods.
The two-day delivery service would be free for online orders over US$75 across the United States, while the same-day service - offered through its partner Instacart - is available at 376 U.S. stores.
Competition among U.S. grocery retailers has been tightening, particularly since Amazon bought Whole Foods and reduced prices at the upmarket grocer in August.
Wal-Mart and Kroger Co , the leading U.S. grocery retailers, have lost the most customers to Whole Foods due to the price cuts, a study conducted by a data analytics firm showed this week.
Galanti said that Costco had not seen any impact from Whole Foods' price cuts.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"(Costco's) new online delivery initiatives improve its competitive offering and could drive increased engagement with millennials," Jefferies analyst Daniel Binder wrote in a note.
"Provided they don't simply cannibalize store sales, the stronger omni-channel effort could prove accretive to sales and EBIT dollars," he added.
Costco shares were down 2.7 percent at US$162.55 in premarket trading on Friday, as a fall in its fourth-quarter gross margins fueled concerns of an intensifying grocery price war.
(Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; editing by Patrick Graham)
- Advertisement -
The Enugu State Police Command said, on Monday, that it had put measures in place to ensure crime-free Christmas celebration in the state.
The Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Mohammed Danmallam, gave the assurance in an interview, in Enugu.
Danmallam said that various “overt and covert measures'' had been put in place to ensure effective policing in the state during this yuletide.”
He said that the command was effectively partnering with members of the public and sister security agencies in the state to ensure a hitch-free yuletide.
- Advertisement -
“There is a need for all hands to be on deck for a hitch-free yuletide in Enugu State,'' the commissioner said.
Danmallam, however, urged the residents to report to the command, any misconduct by any police personnel in the state during the season, for immediate action.
“Officers and men should desist from any act of incivility to members of the public.
“We have zero tolerance for any form of misconduct by officers and men of the command,'' he warned.
ADVERTISEMENT
Ohio's Stephanie Brauns found herself feeling ill – day-in, day-out – for six long months, beginning in late 2016. Eventually, the 53-year-old realized that the onset of her sickness bouts seemed to coincide with the first coffee of the day. So the resourceful woman opened her coffeemaker up, and what she found inside gave her grievous grounds for complaint.
For many caffeine fans, starting the day without a cup of coffee is simply unimaginable. And it was the same for Brauns, who lives in Withamsville, outside Cincinnati in Ohio. However, towards the end of 2016, the human resources manager began experiencing worrying symptoms every morning after her habitual cup of joe.
ADVERTISEMENT
Apparently, Brauns had owned her trusty coffeemaker for years and relied on it to fix her a brew before she left for work each day. She has not reported any previous problems with the machine. So her sudden instances of illness following her morning drink percolated no little confusion.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a mass shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police in Las Ve...
The Latest: Video of Vegas mass shooting has few new details
The Latest: Video of Vegas mass shooting has few new details
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed Ambien for her offensive tweet, but the drug's odd side effects don't include racism.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed Ambien for her offensive tweet, but the drug's odd side effects don't include racism.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A man believed to be an occupant in a home where a crane collapsed on homes in Lauderhill, Fla., is transported to the hospital by Broward County Fire Rescue Wednesday, May 30, 2018. A crane boom crashe...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
By DAVID FISCHER
Associated Press
A crane toppled on two houses in a Florida neighborhood, smashing through the roof of one of the homes and injuring at least two people Wednesday, authorities said.
The crane was being used to put up Florida Power & Light electric poles when it fell on the houses, Lauderhill Fire Rescue Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Levy said at a news conference at the scene.
"There's significant roof and structural damage to the one house and some roof damage to the second house," Levy said.
Power also was knocked out in the surrounding area.
No fatalities or serious injuries were reported. The crane's operator was treated for minor injuries at the scene, Levy said, while a man who had been inside the home with the collapsed roof was taken to a nearby hospital. The resident had been alert and walking around before his trip to the hospital.
"He's lucky to be alive," Levy said.
A Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue dog searched area homes for other victims, but none were found, Levy added.
It wasn't immediately clear what caused the collapse, Levy said. It remained under investigation.
FPL spokesman Richard Beltran confirmed the crane was being operated by a contractor when it tipped over, but he couldn't provide additional information.
Lauderhill is located northwest of Fort Lauderdale in South Florida. The Lauderhill Fire Rescue Department tweeted photos showing its emergency crews on the scene amid views of the crane toppled atop a house and a fence.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SINGAPORE: Woodleigh MRT station was closed for about three hours on Tuesday (Apr 18) afternoon, after a suspicious substance - which turned out to be baking flour - sparked a security incident.
In an update on Facebook at 4.24pm, police said: “SCDF has established that the substance is baking flour. Woodleigh MRT Station has resumed services at 4.20pm."
Police earlier on Tuesday said they were "managing a security incident" at Woodleigh MRT station after a suspicious substance was found.
The Singapore Police Force (SPF) issued alerts on social media stating that the MRT station is temporarily closed, and they are at the scene with the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF).
SCDF officers in protective clothing were seen at the station entrance.
Assistant station manager Mailyn B Carriaga told Channel NewsAsia that white powder (pictured below) had been found in three to four places at the station's concourse area. She added that it was a cleaner who first spotted the substance. The station manager then informed the police, according to Ms Carriaga.
This was the second incident to have caused a MRT station to be temporarily closed in recent weeks. A 39-year-old man was arrested on Apr 2 after investigations showed he intentionally left left his bag inside Hougang MRT station while running an errand.
Member of Parliament for Potong Pasir Sitoh Yih Pin was seen at Woodleigh MRT station telling people not to be alarmed.
SBS Transit, which runs the North East Line, said in a tweet at 1.49pm that the station was closed and free bus rides were available at bus stops between Serangoon and Potong Pasir MRT stations.
- Advertisement -
The Chairman of Plateau chapter of Peoples Democratic Party and former Sports Minister, Damishi Sango, who was kidnapped last Wednesday on his way to Abuja for the party's national convention has regained his freedom.
The former minister was abducted alongside four others that included his son, were abducted on Wednesday along Jere-Garkawa road in Kaduna State, on their way to Abuja for the PDP National Convention.
Details of the release was still sketchy.
- Advertisement -
“They regained their freedom this (Sunday) evening; they are all at home in Abuja. No ransom was paid; they were unconditionally released because Plateau State PDP doesn't have money to pay ransom,” the Publicity Secretary of PDP in Plateau State, John Akans, said while confirmed the release of the five
It will be recalled that family members have confirmed that the abductors of Sango demanded for N100 million ransom.
“The abductors have contacted the family. Sango was also allowed to speak with the family. His kidnappers want N100 million,” Mr Jonathan Mapis, a family member, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Jos.
Mapis quoted Sango as telling family members that the five of them were safe.
Guelph police dog, General, is getting credit for his part in the arrest of a suspect following a break-in and assault.
On Saturday, officers were called to a home on Downey Road at 4:30 a.m.
Police allege a 27-year-old Kitchener man had broken into a residence and assaulted the victim before he fled on foot.
READ MORE: Young Elora woman fighting for her life following early morning collision
The K9 unit was called and General tracked the suspect, who was hiding in a stream under an overpass on Downey Road.
Police said the victim and suspect know each other.
The suspect has not been named by police, but he has been charged with break and enter, robbery, assault and mischief.
He was scheduled to appear in court on Monday.
Recently, a brand-new gameplay trailer for Star Wars Battlefront 2 arrived online. Outside of getting fans genuinely excited about a project involving the prequels, which is something that hasn't been done in quite a while, there were some other significant reveals. Or, what we thought were reveals. A screenshot seemed to show Rey holding a new lightsaber hilt, which had many thinking we might be seeing her rock a new lightsaber not only in the game, but possibly in Star Wars: The Last Jedi. That has more or less been debunked now by one of the game's designers.
Guillaume Mroz, one of the hero designers for Star Wars Battlefront 2, was replying to fans on Twitter about several things relating to the game. A fan addressed the screenshot of Rey, asking specifically about the different lightsaber and what was going on with that. Here's what Mroz had to say about it.
"Just a bug, don't worry."
There you have it. That lightsaber hilt is reportedly just a bug and will probably be fixed by the time that Star Wars Battlefront II comes out on November 17. That said, it wasn't all that crazy to think something like this could show up in the game. Not only is it coming out just a month before the release of Star Wars: The Last Jedi, but the new Star Wars Battlefront is going to affect the actual Star Wars canon. So, if Rey gets a new lightsaber in the movie, it stands to reason it would show up in the game.
As for the game itself, in addition to the seemingly much-improved multiplayer mode, Star Wars Battlefront 2 will feature a single player campaign, which was missing from the first game and something that fans voiced their distaste over. The campaign will actually be a canon Star Wars story, which is the first time a Star Wars game will be telling a canon story. The story of the campaign takes place after the events of Star Wars: Return of the Jedi. The story will revolve around an Imperial soldier named Iden Versio, voiced by Janina Gavankar, who is part of an elite Stormtrooper group named Inferno Squadron. Following the destruction of the second Death Star, she is trying to navigate her way through the mess and help the Empire rally after a crushing defeat.
Now, we can't definitely say that Rey won't have a new lightsaber in Star Wars 8. She just won't have one in Star Wars Battlefront 2 right away. As of right now, she is rocking Luke's old lightsaber, which we saw in the trailer, but that could change. She could still wind up with a new lightsaber in Star Wars: The Last Jedi, it just may not be in the game. At least not right away. You can check out the Twitter exchange for yourself below and officially put this little Star Wars rumor to bed.
SEOUL: A delayed joint military exercise between South Korea and the US will be cut short by a month, a Seoul defence ministry spokesman said Tuesday (Mar 20), as the diplomatic thaw with North Korea intensifies.
"The Foal Eagle exercises will be held for a month in April due to a delay caused by the Olympics and as each military has its own schedule," the spokesman told AFP.
Last year the drills were conducted for two months through March to April. This year's exercises were delayed to avoid clashing with the Pyeongchang Winter Games in the South last month.
WINNIPEG — Spare parts. Castoffs. Rejects. The unwanted.
“Misfits,” James Neal added, interrupting to offer another name to the list he's heard before Thursday's 3-2 shootout win against the Winnipeg Jets.
Take one of those labels and paste it into a thesaurus search. What you'll find is an endless array of monikers that have been applied to the Vegas Golden Knights, both right after they were assembled, and still to this day — even as they occupy the top spot in the Western Conference as of Friday.
It's become a running narrative this season. A team that was forged out of a spare parts bin, built with the near certain likelihood they'd fail given, well, history.
They'd need better parts to put forth a better, more reliable product. Those parts would take some time to acquire. Some would have to be built in-house while others would be acquired through meticulous vetting to ensure the proper fit.
Few, if any, figured an unknown product would fit so seamlessly together. It's like if Apple's most recent iPhone X was the first iPhone, skipping all the refinement, the little detail adjustments and tweaks, and stumbling into a masterpiece on the first try.
For Neal, who has clearly paid attention to what has been written in print and spoken on TV and radio, the parts assembled perhaps finally had a platform to perform at peak efficiency.
“I think the best part is everyone had a fresh chance with a new team, a chance they maybe hadn't had in the past — something to prove,” he said. “Whether you're an established player or an unestablished player or a three-time Stanley Cup champion like (Marc-Andre Fleury), you still have something to prove.”
Neal said the various parts of the Golden Knights had to come together in short order. The fit, he says, has been nothing short of remarkable.
“We wanted to come in and work hard,” he said. “We knew we could be competitive with the group we had. There was no reason why would, couldn't come in and be a good team.”
Fellow forward Brendan Leipsic fits into the unestablished category that Neal explained.
Leipsic, a rookie, had six games of NHL experience prior to this season. Drafted by the Nashville Predators in the third round in 2012, Leipsic was eventually traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs. When the Leafs left him exposed, he was snatched up by George McPhee.
Since then, he's played a further 39 NHL games.
“We were a team of a lot of guys who didn't know each other,” Leipsic said. “We were in a situation unlike one that any of us had really been in.”
The mandate from head coach Gerard Gallant was simple: Come in, work hard.
“It will give us a chance to win,” Leipsic said, reiterating the words Gallant spoke when the team met for the first time last summer.
Leipsic said Gallant's black and white approach to coaching has helped. Players know what they need to do. There's no grey area.
“And I think guys like playing for each other,” Leipsic said, adding ‘blue collar' to the list.
“It's not a huge surprise to us.”
The Golden Knights aren't infallible. They possess the flaws like any other team in the National Hockey League.
Gallant was not happy with his team's game after Friday's win, despite his team winning its 34th game, which made them the most successful expansion team in its inaugural season, passing the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and the Florida Panthers, both who won 33 games during the 1993-94 season.
“We weren't great,” Gallant said of his team's effort. “We found a way. We know we're playing a good team that plays a physical game. Like I said, I don't think we were great and we didn't play one of our better games but again we found a way.”
Resilient and relentless — the real identity of the Vegas Golden Knights.
“We're a team that is four lines that continue to come at you shift after shift,” Neal said. “We used (what was said about us) as motivation. We still are.”
Fittingly, Neal summed up his team by using something he's heard many times before.
“It's a good combination of parts.”
Scott Billeck is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @scottbilleck
SINGAPORE: The Republic of Singapore Air Force (RSAF) will take part in this year's Exercise Red Flag - Nellis air combat exercise in the United States, the Ministry of Defence (MINDEF) said in a press release on Monday (Aug 14).
The RSAF will deploy eight F-15SG fighter aircraft and more than 100 personnel from its Peace Carvin V detachment in Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, to participate in the large-scale exercise.
Running from Aug 14 to Aug 25, the exercise will be held at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada, and will also include participants from Saudi Arabia and the US as well as observers from Chile, Oman and Romania.
Up to 100 aircraft will take part in the exercise. Apart from Singapore's F-15SGs, other aircraft will include Saudi Arabia's EF-2000 Eurofighter Typhoons and the United States Air Force's F-22, F-16C/D and F/A-18C/D fighter aircraft and its E-3A airborne early warning aircraft.
Participants will engage in a series of "realistic and challenging" air-to-air and air-to-ground training missions, MINDEF said.
"The training conducted during the exercise will allow the participants to hone their combat readiness and sharpen their operational capabilities," the ministry added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The RSAF has participated in the Exercise Red Flag - Nellis exercise since 1982. The exercise underscores the "excellent and long-standing defence relationship" between the US and Singapore, MINDEF said.
"It also enhances professionalism and interoperability among the participating forces, and provides the RSAF an opportunity to benchmark itself against other leading air forces."
A group of persons under the aegis of Committee of Directors (COD), Ibru Complex, Ibafon, Apapa in Lagos have facilitated the repairs of the dilapidated portions of the Apapa-Oshodi expressway.
The group, which comprises tank farm owners operating at the Ibru Jetty, said they provided N222.5 million for the construction which includes the main carriageway of the expressway from Sunrise to Coconut Bus Stop.
The directors said the contractor for the project, Segulat Nigeria Limited, had already received 30 per cent of the contract sum for the road which for years remained a nightmare to commuters.
In a statement signed by Sabitu Ajadi and Victor Enebeli, the COD Chairman and Secretary respectively, the group said the contractor has been commissioned to site along with the consultant for proper monitoring.
“Government agencies have been contacted and a meeting had been held with their representatives to provide security, safety and traffic control during the repair,” the statement added.
The COD, which comprises 15 tank farm owners along the route including Capital Oil and Gas Nigeria Limited and Integrated Oil and Gas Nigeria Limited, lamented the level of dilapidation the access road has suffered over the years despite being a major artery to the two seaports located in Apapa and Tin Can Island.
They also urged truck owners and drivers to assist in ensuring the free flow of traffic during the period of construction.
“NUPENG–PTD and AMATO have also put their men on ground to support the flow of traffic,” the group stated.
“This is sequel to series of meetings on the palliative repair of dilapidated portions of the access road from Sunrise under bridge to Coconut both on the main carriageway and both sides of the service lane.”
The road project was flagged off on Thursday.
Oskar Ibru, the Chief Executive Officer of Ibru Jetty, said ships belonging to tank farm owners who fail to participate in the project would not be allowed to berth at the jetty.
Mr. Ibru said the tank farm owners would not be forced to contribute to the project.
“We have a system where we don't force anybody to do what they don't want to do. That is why I decided to start the project immediately,” he said.
“I believe when they see the interview you are giving to me and seeing me doing the project, it will pop them to contribute as requested.
“On the other hand, if they don't, I will have to ask them not to come to my jetty anymore because the jetty is also getting some attention,” Ibru said.
Mr. Ibru also criticised the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) for not living to its responsibility. He said they pay dues without getting any service from the NPA.
“We want to start dredging to make things easier for everybody. I am not asking for any contribution from anybody. We are doing it on our own because Nigerian Ports Authority refused to help us.
“They have dredgers and the port actually belongs to them. Though, it is a private jetty but we pay dues to NPA. For that, I think they should be able to help us.”
FILE - In this May 22, 2018, file photo, Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro holds up the National Electoral Council certificate declaring him the winner of the presidential election, during a ceremony at CNE headquarters in Caracas, Venezuela. As a meeting last August in the Oval Office to discuss sanctions on Venezuela was concluding, President Donald Trump turned to his top aides and asked an unsettling question: With a fast unraveling Venezuela threatening regional security, why can't the U.S. just simply invade the troubled country? Ariana Cubillos, File AP Photo
Syncopated sounds provided by musicians Ian Whitcomb and Sheila Murphy-Nelson will fill the ballroom at Lanterman House on Sunday, March 12, when the museum's foundation hosts its annual Ragtime Tea Dance.
The event is scheduled for noon to 5 p.m., with the first hour set aside for a dance class taught by Regine Whitcomb and Christopher Miller. A full afternoon tea will be served.
To maintain the ambiance of the year 1917, it's suggested that guests arrive dressed in historical attire from the period, if they have it available.
Join the conversation on Facebook >>
"Attire ranges from vintage pieces to clever reproductions of period dress," said Melissa Patton, the museum's director.
Alternatively, women attendees may wear a loose-fitting blouse and ankle-length skirt, while a suit and tie is appropriate for men.
Lanterman House is located at 4420 Encinas Drive, La Cañada. Admission to the event includes the dance class, dancing, tea and tours of Lanterman House. Tickets are $50 per person, and checks can be made out to "Lanterman Foundation" and mailed to the museum. Tickets can also be purchased online at lantermanfoundation.org/1918. For more information call (818) 790-1421.
--
Carol Cormaci, carol.cormaci@latimes.com
Twitter: @CarolCormaci
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” he said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” he revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.: Arkansas has not called off its plans to begin an unprecedented series of executions on Monday despite federal and state court rulings that temporarily halted the lethal injections of eight death row inmates.
The orders by the various judges barred the state from carrying out the executions, including two planned for Monday night.
But the state was hoping to win last-minute reversals of the decisions for convicted murderers Don Davis and Bruce Ward and was still preparing for the executions to go ahead, prisons spokesman Solomon Graves told reporters. Each man has spent more than 20 years on death row.
Arkansas, which has not held an execution in 12 years, had planned to execute eight inmates over 11 days, the most of any state in that short a time since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976.
The state had set the expedited schedule because one of the drugs in its difficult-to-obtain lethal injection mix, the sedative midazolam, expires at the end of April.
Critics contend its rush to the death chamber was reckless and unconstitutional.
If carried out, Monday's back-to-back executions would begin at 6 p.m. CDT (2300 GMT) at the state's Cummins Unit in Grady, a small town about 75 miles (120 kim ) southeast of Little Rock, the state capital.
But rulings by four judges have put the brakes on the Arkansas plan, which has drawn challenges from inmates and from drug companies claiming the prison system deceived them over procurement.
On April 6, U.S. District Judge J.P. Marshall halted one of the eight executions, saying the expedited schedule did not allow proper time for considering clemency for inmate Jason McGehee. The state has not appealed that decision.
On Friday, the Arkansas Supreme Court halted Ward's execution after lawyers for the inmate argued he was mentally incompetent. The state has appealed.
Also on Friday, a state judge issued a temporary restraining order barring the state from administering one of three drugs it planned to use, vercuronium bromide.
On Saturday, U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker granted a temporary injunction for all eight inmates that halted their executions on grounds including that the state's protocols violate U.S. constitutional protections against cruel and unusual punishment. The state has appealed.
Baker also found that the state would deprive the inmates of adequate counsel because prison officials allow only a single lawyer to be present for any execution.
If the attorney had to rush out to file an emergency petition, it would deprive the inmate of a lawyer to witness the execution, Baker said.
(Reporting by Steve Barnes; Writing by Jon Herskovitz; Editing by Colleen Jenkins and Jonathan Oatis)
MELBOURNE: Australian cyclist Stephen Wooldridge, a former Olympic and world champion, has died at the age of 39.
Wooldridge won a team pursuit gold at the 2004 Athens Olympics and four world titles in the same event from 2002-06.
Cycling New South Wales confirmed the cyclist's death in a statement.
"Stephen was an inspirational figure in track cycling, particularly in his home state of NSW," the state governing body said in a statement.
"Cycling NSW's thoughts are with Stephen's family and his friends during this difficult time."
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Advertisement
ATLANTA (AP)  When the National Rifle Association urged the government to revisit whether "bump stocks" should be restricted, it raised eyebrows. Why would the nation's leading gun-rights organization be willing to bend even just a bit when it wields perhaps more influence than ever?
Some gun-industry experts say the move is a ruse to stall any momentum for wider gun control until outrage over the Las Vegas attack subsides.
The idea also carries little risk. For one, it's rare for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to reverse course without a change in the law. For another, "bump stocks" are not big moneymakers for the gun industry. And by seeking an administrative change, rather than a new law, NRA supporters in Congress avoid going on record with a vote.
Youths from the nine states of the Niger Delta region, on Monday, accused leaders from the area of squandering trillions of naira that accrued to the region over the years.
They insisted that the selfish tendencies of the leaders and their perennial failures plunged the region into the present untold hardship, poverty and underdevelopment.
The youths, under the auspices of the Pan Niger Delta Youth Leadership Forum (PANDLEAF) said poverty in the region was curious, unthinkable, unfortunate and worrisome when compared to the amount of money appropriated to the region by the Federal Government, state governments and intervention agencies.
The President, PANDLEAF, Mr. Richard Akinaka, spoke after meeting with Presidents of Ijaw Youth Council (IYC) Worldwide, Urhobo Youth Council (UYC) and Itsekiri Youth Council (IYC) as part of his ongoing engagements with ethnic youth leaders in the region.
Akinaka said PANDLEAF met with Eric Omare of IYC; Ahbateyiniro Weyinmi of Itsekiri, and Festus Igherebuo of Urhobo.
He said the meeting was convened to instill a renewed sense of responsibility among youths in the region.
He lamented that the region had nothing to show for the years of huge budgetary appropriations from the federal government, agencies and states.
Akinaka said: “For instance, after the first two to three years of the establishment the Niger Delta Development Commission, the agency has perpetually become an instrument in the hands of those who control the region from Abuja to finance elections.
“Leadership is not given but it is a responsibility taken and as such we have to wake up now. Our region is not without resources or institutions, but our region only lacks accountable leadership.
“The major problem of the region is that of perennial leadership failure. We are embarking on this engagement with ethnic youth leaders in the region to instil a renewed sense of responsibility to peace, harmony and common development.
“We are here to talk to ourselves to promote ethnic harmony, peace as a generation, to advance a common economic, political and social agenda through objective political participation of youths.”
He stressed the need for peace among the various ethnic groups in the region, Akinaka said language should not be a barrier to the peaceful co-existence of the ethnicities.
He said the Niger Delta remained one people with a common destiny, adding that the crises in the past were all functions of failures of leadership.
He observed that though militant activities in the past were aimed at securing attention of the Federal Government to the marginalisation of Niger Delta, the phase caused the region more woes.
He said the phase caused the relocation of economic activities from the region to the western parts of the country.
He insisted that the region must take deliberate steps to advance peace to cause those companies to come back to the Niger Delta.
Akinaka also explained that the ethnic youth leadership engagement exercise was not a political movement but the gathering of youths, irrespective of political affiliations.
He said: “The engagement is not about political parties but about the collective peace, unity and progress of the region.
“Young people who have been privileged to be part of government must not see those privileges as rewards for followership to advance personal interests but see such opportunities as platforms to add value to society by demonstrating capacity.”
Also speaking, a member of the National Executive of PANDLEAF, Dr. Selekaye Victor-Ben, noted that the poor leadership problem identified was caused by the imposition of political leaders on the people.
Victor-Ben said: “Most of the young men imposed on us have failed because they listen to the dictates and old ideology of their sponsors.
“We must unite and stand up for peace and development in the region. The youths of the present Niger Delta must come together and uplift the unity and cohesive development of the region.”
In his remarks, the IYC President, Eric Omare, said the youth must know that those who benefited from the ills of the past would resist plans to effect change.
He asked the youths to be ready to take the challenge to liberate the region from impostors, bad and corrupt leaders and never-do-wells.
The U.S. Department of Justice filed a lawsuit against a Colorado-based company, claiming it favored hiring temporary, foreign-born workers.
On Sept. 28, the Justice Department announced the lawsuit against Crop Production Services Inc., based in Loveland, Colo., after the company denied Javier Salinas and Ramiro Salinas seasonal work and didn't allow Ramiro Torres to interview for a job, due to their citizenship, at the company's rice breeding station in El Campo, Texas.
BACKGROUND
The lawsuit states the three were referred by the Texas Workforce Commission to interview for three of the 15 open positions for seasonal technicians. Torres was denied an interview, even though he was present at the interview on Feb. 24, 2016, the lawsuit states. Ramiro and Javier Salinas were both interviewed.
Following the interviews, job applications and copies of the Salinas's Social Security cards and driver's licenses were required. They were also required to take a pre-employment drug test.
According to the lawsuit, the Texas Workforce Commission did submit the applications, "including information from their driver's licenses" about two days after the interviews took place. About a month later, there was another request from CPS to provide Social Security numbers. They were required, in part, to complete background checks. According to the lawsuit, some of the H-2A workers for CPS didn't need to have a background check done before they started work, with some background check processes starting after they had already started working for the company.
Recommended Stories For You
CPS didn't allow either of the Salinas's to finish the hiring process in El Campo or to begin work there until the rest of the hiring requirements for them were completed, according to the lawsuit.
However, around the end of April 2016, there were 15 H-2A workers who filled all the seasonal positions. The lawsuit claims those workers were able to complete the application process, including drug testing, when they arrived in El Campo, something the lawsuit states wasn't afforded to Javier and Ramiro Salinas.
Also, according to the lawsuit, eight of the H-2A workers took drug tests near El Campo, and seven weren't required to take one at all in 2016. There were also two H-2A workers who didn't have Social Security numbers when they arrived, but were helped by Kirk Johnson, the manager of the facility to obtain them.
Nowhere in the lawsuit does it state either of the Salinas's submitted their Social Security numbers or cards to CPS, nor does it state whether or not the Salinas's completed the drug tests.
HIRE AMERICAN
The lawsuit claims Torres, Ramiro Salinas and Javier Salinas were all discriminated against based on their citizenship.
The H-2A program requires employers to have the same requirements for potential U.S. workers as they do foreign workers. Employers also must make the job available to U.S. workers first without trying to dissuade them from the job in order to hire foreign workers.
In April of this year, President Donald Trump signed the "Buy American and Hire American" executive order. In the Justice Department's news release regarding the lawsuit, Attorney General Jeff Sessions noted the order's importance in conjunction with the lawsuit.
"In the spirit of President Trump's Executive Order on Buy American and Hire American, the Department of Justice will not tolerate employers who discriminate against U.S. workers because of a desire to hire temporary foreign visa holders," Sessions said. "The Justice Department will enforce the Immigration and Nationality Act in order to protect U.S. workers as they are the very backbone of our communities and our economy. Where there is a job available, U.S. workers should have a chance at it before we bring in workers from abroad."
The lawsuit states that the U.S. workers were not afforded the same expectations during the hiring process, which not only goes against the intent of the executive order — which is normally a president's statement of direction or suggestion rather than a law that can be enforced. But if CPS did require more stringent expectations of Torres, Ramiro Salinas or Javier Salinas, that is a violation of H-2A policy.
The lawsuit claims both of the Salinas's were discriminated against based on their citizenship because of the requirements of submitting their applications, taking a drug test and not being able to finish the hiring process on their first day of work, even though the H-2A workers allegedly weren't held to the same requirements.
The lawsuit claimed Torres was given an "unnecessary job requirement … particularly English proficiency …" which was not required of the H-2A workers, according to the lawsuit. It stated three of the H-2A workers were returning workers who were known to be bilingual and at least two other workers weren't proficient in English.
According to the Loveland Reporter-Herald, the response from CPS stated it's "determining a response," in an unsigned email, but CPS won't comment on the lawsuit.
— Fox is a reporter for The Fence Post. For story ideas, questions or comments she can be reached at (970) 392-4410 or sfox@thefencepost.com. Connect with her on Twitter @FoxonaFarm.
Reuters Health - Murders climbed 22 percent in Florida in the decade after the state enacted its `Stand Your Ground' self-defense law, even after accounting for the expected spike in justifiable homicides, a new study suggests.
Before the law took effect in October 2005, Florida residents had a right to use lethal force when they felt their life was endangered by a home intruder. The `Stand Your Ground' law extended this right beyond the home, justifying deadly force for self-defense in other situations.
On average, from 1999 to 2005, lawful homicides accounted for just 3.4 percent of all homicides in Florida. Between 2006 and 2015, the proportion of lawful homicides rose, accounting on average for 8.7 percent of homicides, researchers report in JAMA Internal Medicine.
This translates into a 75 percent increase in justifiable homicides after the `Stand Your Ground' law took effect. But it also means lawful homicides don't explain the surge in murders because they made up just a fraction of the total fatalities, said lead study author David Humphreys of the University of Oxford in the U.K.
“While the right to defend yourself is an important legal defense embedded in legal systems across the world, there is a careful balance to be struck between affording individuals the right to use violent force in certain circumstances and actively encouraging the use of lethal violence to resolve minor conflicts,” Humphreys said by email.
Florida's `Stand Your Ground' law gained widespread notoriety in 2012 after Trayvon Martin, an unarmed teen, was fatally shot by a neighborhood watch captain, George Zimmerman, who claimed he acted in self-defense. Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder and later acquitted.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A study published last year by Humphreys and colleagues found an abrupt and sustained increase in homicide rates in Florida after the law took effect. Critics of this study said it didn't distinguish between justifiable homicides and murder, and suggested a spike in lawful killings might explain the rising homicide rates.
The current findings should put that critique to rest, said Alex Piquero, a criminology researcher at the University of Texas at Dallas who wasn't involved in either study.
“Both justifiable and unlawful homicides increased substantially after the law's effective date,” Piquero said by email.
“Unlawful homicides made up the majority of that increase,” Piquero added.
One shortcoming of the study is that researchers only had data on how homicides were classified by the authorities, not what people were thinking when they decided to use lethal force.
“The difference between murder and justifiable homicide hinges largely on the self-reported and difficult to refute subjective feeling of being threatened prior to killing someone,” said Aaron Kivisto, a psychology researcher at the University of Indianapolis who wasn't involved in the study.
Some previous research, however, suggests that gun owners are no less likely than other people to be victims of crimes, and that self-defense laws like `Stand Your Ground' don't change this, Kivisto said by email.
“Often, the reverse is true and gun owners are at heightened risk relative to non-gun owners for being the victim of a violent crime,” Kivisto added. “In contrast, laws strengthening background checks and enacting permit-to-purchase requirements for gun ownership are strongly linked to reductions in gun homicides.”
Florida's `Stand Your Ground' law goes further than laws in other states in defining what can be considered self-defense. In Florida, for example, people aren't required to retreat when possible to avoid a lethal conflict. A recent change to Florida law also requires self-defense claims to be disproved by prosecutors, not proven by the defense.
Situations can escalate quickly and become fatal when retreat isn't necessary to claim self defense, even in public places,” said Ziming Xuan, a researcher at Boston University School of Public Health who wasn't involved in the study.
“In the context of self-defense, when someone is confronted with a threat of safety in a public place, it should be better to retreat when retreating is safe and practical to do,” Xuan said by email. “To take the fatal action of using deadly force can endanger the lives of innocent people in public space.”
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2w41HVz JAMA Internal Medicine, online August 14, 2017.
Minister of State for Interior Baligh ur Rehman has said, “Registration of seminaries has been initiated in all provinces.”
He further said, “Incidents of terrorism have been reduced because of National Action Plan has been implemented in its true form.”
Regarding hate speeches he said, “Action is being taken against hate speeches and misuse of loudspeakers.”
REUTERS: Sergio Busquets called on Barcelona to sign more players after the club's 3-1 Spanish Super Cup defeat by Real Madrid on Sunday.
The defensive midfielder believes his team need to reinforce if they are to wrestle power back from their rivals Madrid, who won a Champions League and La Liga double last season.
Barcelona announced the signing of Paulinho on Monday but still have to replace Neymar, who joined Paris St Germain for a world record 222 million euros.
They have been linked with Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Borussia Dortmund's Ousmane Dembele, both of whom might have been helpful as Barcelona struggled to break down Madrid at Camp Nou in the first leg.
Barcelona have been frustrated in the transfer market this summer, not only losing one of their best players but unable to sign their reported top targets either.
"We don't need new signings because of the result, but because we always have to renew and try to improve, no matter what," Busquets told reporters.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"There's no need for any excuses, now we have to draw up conclusions and look forward.
"We have the game at the Bernabeu on Wednesday. It's almost mission impossible, it will be really difficult to turn it around but we will try."
Paulinho will not be available to play on Wednesday for the second leg, in which Barcelona faces an uphill struggle, needing to score at least three away goals to be in with a chance of winning the cup.
With Neymar gone, Gerard Deulofeu was picked to play on the left wing in the first leg but he did not impress, frequently on a different wavelength to his team-mates.
Coach Ernesto Valverde is confident Barcelona will add to their squad before the transfer window shuts, although he prefers to focus on his current squad instead of speaking about potential signings.
Valverde told a news conference on Sunday: "We're Barça and we want to have the best team.
"Until the end of August, there's time, although I'd like to focus on those I already have here, despite losing. And despite the fact that in this period there will surely be changes in the team."
(Editing by Gareth Jones)
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan discussed Turkey's ongoing Operation Olive Branch and the Sochi summit with his French counterpart Emmanuel Macron in a phone call, presidential sources said late Saturday.
President Erdoğan underlined that the counter-terror operation in northwestern Syria's Afrin region was only targeting terrorists, adding that Turkey was respecting Syria's territorial integrity.
Giving information about the latest developments in the Afrin operation, the president also discussed the latest rocket attacks carried out by PKK/YPG terrorist from Syria, which targeted Turkey's southern Hatay and Kilis provinces.
The two leaders agreed to stay in close contact regarding bilateral relations and regional issues.
Operation Olive Branch was launched by Turkey on Jan. 20 to remove the PKK/PYD/YPG/KCK and Daesh terrorists from Afrin in northwestern Syria.
According to the Turkish General Staff, the operation aims to establish security and stability along Turkish borders and in the region as well as to protect Syrian people from the oppression and cruelty of terrorists.
The operation is being carried out under the framework of Turkey's rights within international law, U.N. Security Council resolutions and its right to self-defense under the U.N. charter.
GRAND RAPID, Mich. (WOOD) – Today the WOOD TV8 Staff and members of the community came together to honor and remember former WOOD TV8 Sports Director Warren Reynolds.
Over 130 people came out to the golf outing at Thousand Oaks Golf Club. The event supports two of Warren's favorite causes, Helen DeVos Children's Hospital and the Grand Rapids Sports Hall of Fame.
It's the 18th annual golf event, and it's been 17 years since Warren passed away after a battle with cancer. When Warren wasn't on air covering West Michigan sports he was an active member of our community supporting children, families and local sports.
Find out more about how you can get involved with the event next year.
Get involved and support the great work helping kids at the Helen DeVos Children's Hospital.
Learn about the Grand Rapids Sports Hall of Fame.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Two recent cases of teenagers caught driving more than 100 MPH in Iowa is prompting a warning to all parents.
“Last year, there were 57 fatalities and nearly 13,000 crashes on Iowa roads involving our young and inexperienced motorists between the ages of 14 and 20,” the Iowa State Patrol posted Monday on its Facebook page.
The post includes photos of two recent stops of teenage drivers in the Des Moines area.
One of the photos shows a 17-year-old caught driving 100 MPH in a 65 MPH zone, and the other shows a 16-year-old caught going 104 in a 65.
The driver going 104 was given a citation for $330, and the driver going 100 received a ticket for $296.25.
“Any speed conviction over 25mph the posted speed limit, would be grounds for loss of license,” Iowa State Patrol Sgt. Nathaniel Ludwig tells KWQC by email.
However, Ludwig points out the loss of one's license would be handled by the Iowa Department of Transportation.
