The world's largest corn mill of global grain company Archer Daniels Midland is pictured in Decatur, Illinois March 16, 2015. REUTERS/Karl Plume
BUENOS AIRES/LONDON Archer Daniels Midland Co (ADM.N) is restructuring its operations in Argentina in a move that will include job losses as part of a wider shake-up at the U.S. agribusiness group, three sources familiar with the plans said this week.
Chicago-based ADM is grappling with volatile global grain markets and has already exited energy trading and shed key personnel in recent months. It said on Wednesday it planned to close its South African trading operations.
In the latest development, ADM late last month shuttered its Toepfer grains trading unit, which had been based outside Buenos Aires, according to three industry sources familiar with the situation.
"There was some overlapping of functions between ADM and Toepfer. Redundant activities were cut," said a Buenos Aires- based industry source with direct knowledge of the situation.
A photograph taken in late March of Toepfer's former trading room in the suburb of Vicente Lopez and seen by Reuters showed stacks of cardboard filing boxed piled haphazardly among large ledger books strewn on the floor.
ADM first took an 80 percent stake in German trading house Alfred C. Toepfer International in 2002 and bought the rest of the company in 2014.
Toepfer Argentina, the largest surviving portion of the company, had about 85 trading and administrative staff in 2014. That number steadily fell until March, when a final 15 positions were eliminated. The 25 staff members who remained were transferred to a new ADM office in Buenos Aires, the sources said.
"ADM is streamlining its operations," the source said.
The revamp hits at a time of increased competition from Chinese trading house COFCO Group, which has begun an aggressive expansion into international grains trading.
ADM's public affairs office in the United States declined to comment.
In February, ADM reported a 41 percent drop in fourth-quarter net earnings to $424 million.
Gains in its agricultural services segment were blunted by more losses by its global trading desk.
The company in Argentina will be called ADM, while three grains elevators along the Parana River and in Bahia Blanca on the Atlantic coast will keep the Toepfer name. There are about 100 direct and indirect employees working at each of the three elevators. They are to stay on the job and continue exporting ADM and other products, sources said.
ADM established an office in Argentina in 1999 and has grown to be a major exporter of corn, sorghum and soybeans from the country, ADM's website said.
(Editing by Christian Plumb and Dan Grebler)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
FILE PHOTO: Rock musician Bob Dylan performs at the Wiltern Theatre in Los Angeles, U.S., May 5, 2004. REUTERS/Rob Galbraith/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: U.S. musician Bob Dylan performs during day 2 of The Hop Festival in Paddock Wood, Kent on June 30th 2012. REUTERS/Ki Price/File photo
STOCKHOLM Singer-songwriter Bob Dylan will receive his Nobel Literature Prize diploma and medal in the next few days in Stockholm, where is he due to perform this weekend, the secretary of the Swedish Academy said on Wednesday.
The Academy's decision to give the bard of "Blowin' in the Wind" the literature prize caused controversy, only deepened by Dylan's silence about the award for weeks afterwards and his no-show at the annual banquet in December.
"The good news is that the Swedish Academy and Bob Dylan have decided to meet this weekend," Sara Danius said in a blog post. "The Academy will then hand over Dylan's Nobel diploma and the Nobel medal, and congratulate him on the Nobel Prize in Literature."
The 75-year-old Dylan is due to give concerts in Stockholm on April 1 and the following day and then another in the southern Swedish city of Lund on April 9.
Danius said that the notoriously media-shy Dylan would not hold the traditional Nobel lecture at this point.
"The Swedish Academy is very much looking forward to the weekend and will show up at one of the performances. Please note that no Nobel Lecture will be held," Danius wrote.
"The Academy has reason to believe that a taped version will be sent at a later point," she added.
In order to receive 8 million Swedish crown ($903,000) prize, Dylan needs to give a lecture within six months from Dec. 10. It does not necessarily need not be delivered in Stockholm.
The decision to award the prize to Dylan, whom the Academy said had "created new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition," was seen by some as slap in the face to mainstream writers of poetry and prose.
But the Academy has a tradition of stepping outside the traditional boundaries of literary form, awarding the 1953 prize to British Prime Minister Winston Churchill in part for his "brilliant oratory in defending exalted human values".
($1 = 8.8561 Swedish crowns)
(Reporting by Simon Johnson; Editing by Niklas Pollard)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
People protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
A man blows the whistle as he protests against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Policemen block Hungarian Parliament entry as people protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
Policemen block Hungarian Parliament entry as people protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People hold placards as they protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People light with their mobile phones as they protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
People light with their mobile phones as they protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Policemen block Hungarian Parliament entry as people protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
Policemen block Hungarian Parliament entry as people protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Policemen block Hungarian Parliament entry as people protest against the bill that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
BUDAPEST Hungarians rose up in one of the largest protests against the seven-year rule of right-wing Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Sunday, protesting against new legislation that could force out of the country one of its top international universities.
The Central European University (CEU), a school founded by U.S. financier George Soros, could be forced to leave Hungary after a bill passed in Parliament this week by Orban's Fidesz party set stringent, new conditions under which it must operate.
The bill has led to criticism from hundreds of leading academics worldwide as well as from the U.S. government and the European Union.
The protest drew some of the largest crowds against Orban's seven-year rule, with organisers estimating attendance around 70,000. The crowd marched across a bridge over the river Danube and filled the square outside Parliament, which was defended by several lines of police, some in riot gear.
Thousands of people, mostly students, stayed on after the main protest for an unannounced march on the building of the Education Secretariat, then on to the headquarters of Fidesz, where where they chanted anti-Fidesz slogans before, with numbers dwindling, they blocked Oktogon square, a busy intersection in central Budapest.
Though passionate, the protest remained peaceful throughout.
Hungarian President Janos Ader must now sign the bill by Monday to make it law. The protesters said they wanted to convince Ader to reject the bill and refer it to a constitutional review.
"What do we want Ader to do? VETO," the crowd chanted. "Free country, free university!"
"The government wants to silence pretty much everyone who doesn't think the same as them, who thinks freely, who can be liberal, can be leftist," protest organiser Kornel Klopfstein, a PhD student at the University of Bielefeld in Germany, told Reuters.
"According to the government one of the centres of these people is at CEU... We should stand up for academic freedom and for CEU."
The students sat down on the pavement and chanted slogans like "Here is the end, Viktor", or "Fidesz is dirty".
CRACKDOWN ON DISSENT
The government has been tightening up on dissent in other ways as well, proposing tighter rules on non-governmental organisations (NGOs), which will have to register with authorities if they have a yearly foreign income of 7.2 million forints ($25,000).
The rules are admittedly targeting organisations funded by Soros, a Hungarian-born American financier who for decades has given away billions of dollars of his fortune to support causes of a liberal "open society" worldwide.
The Hungarian premier has often vilified Soros, whose ideals are squarely at odds with Orban's view that European culture is under an existential threat from migration and multiculturalism.
Orban has often said NGOs are doing Soros' bidding.
"The government is always looking for someone to fight with, and Soros seems like a perfect person for this because he funds NGOs in Hungary and he funds CEU as well," Klopfstein said.
CEU Rector Michael Ignatieff has said the school would continue operations as normal and demanded that the law be scrapped and additional international guarantees of academic freedoms be added to current legal safeguards.
The U.S. State Department will send diplomats to Budapest next week to address the CEU crisis, said Ignatieff, who spent several days in Washington to lobby the U.S. government, lawmakers and the media.
"They want to completely undermine and eradicate what remains of civil society," Bara Bognar, a 40-year-old finance professional, told Reuters. "This is the first protest I have ever participated in. There is a level at which you must be present, so here I am."
"The method, the lack of dialogue, the efforts for years to annihilate all democratic institutions, this cannot be the future of us nor our children."
(Editing by Hugh Lawson and Sandra Maler)
MPDS
Acrobatic Yoga & Pilates Studio
Mazaya Business Avenue – Tower
AA1 – First Al Khail, St. Jumeirah Towers
Dubai,
U.A.E
Telephone: +97 (0) 56 259 7911
Email: dubai@milanpoledance.com
Many people believe that acrobatics and aerial activities are about having fun and learning new skills. But these exercise routines offer unexpected health benefits. This includes boost in energy, transformation of physique and improvement in overall emotional well-being.
While acrobatics and aerial activities appear effortless and graceful there is a lot of physical effort that is applied to get the routine just right. It is a great form of exercise to tone the muscles and release large bouts of energy. Exercisers can expect to burn up to 400 calories in an hour. For those who have tried various diets and exercises in the past to lose weight to no avail will find that the dance studio in Dubai is the best place to finally achieve weight loss goals.
The increase in physical fitness that is achieved through aerial activities will offer surprising benefits including attaining a well toned body, strengthening the muscles and developing other tissues to help prevent injuries.
It is no secret that exercise boosts mental health. Aerial acrobatics benefits mental health far beyond the traditional realms of fitness. Acrobatics will bring calmness, deep muscle relaxation and an uplifting mood.
The head of MPDS stated that “by keeping these health benefits in mind our studio provides a great way for you to stay fit and healthy, particularly for those individuals who want to try out new exercise regimes and routines.” He further stated that, “these activities are fun and they also build a strong body.”
About Us
MPDS Acrobatics Yoga and Pilates Studio is the first step to achieving your fitness dreams. Whether it is to have a perfectly toned body, lose weight or learn a new fitness skill, the studio is the best place to achieve it. Enjoy walking out with confidence, high level of self-esteem and a great mood. Become flexible, physically fit and mentally strong. For more information, visit our website on http://www.mpds.ae/
April 28 Dhc Software Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 85 percent to 105 percent, or to be 603.5 million yuan to 668.7 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (326.2 million yuan)
* In the previous outlook announced on April 27, the company sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 130 percent to 200 percent, or to be 424.1 million yuan to 652.4 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (326.2 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/HfCwdC
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
SARAJEVO May 3 Bosnia's autonomous Serb Republic sold 50 million Bosnian marka ($27.9 million) of five-year bonds at a higher yield on Wednesday to help plug a budget gap in the absence of cash from the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Bids for the bonds, which carry an annual coupon of 3.50 percent, totalled 65.7 million marka, against 50 million marka offered, data from the Banja Luka Stock Exchange (BLSE) showed.
They sold at a weighted average yield of 3.49 percent, up from 2.50 percent when last auctioned in March.
The IMF has halted disbursements under its 553 million euro ($604 million) three-year extended loan arrangement for Bosnia, which was approved last September to support the country's economic reforms, because of reform delays .
Bosnia's two regions, the Serb Republic and the Bosniak-Croat Federation, need the IMF money to cover their respective budget gaps and to finance maturing debt.
The lender has already paid out 79.2 million euros. But to access the next tranche of 80 million euros, Bosnia must pass a law raising excise taxes and four other economic measures. ($1 = 0.9166 euros) ($1 = 1.789 Bosnian marka) (Reporting by Daria Sito-Sucic; Editing by Keith Weir)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Beijing Properties Holdings Ltd :
* Unit of co and purchaser, a unit of Beijing Medical, Beijing Properties and Beijing Medical entered into s&p agreement
* Vendor agreed to sell and purchaser agreed to purchase sale share and shareholder's loan, at a total consideration of HK$900 million
* Beijing Enterprises Health And Medical Resources Group to sell and Beijing Enterprises Health Resources Co to purchase sale share and shareholder's loan Source text : (bit.ly/2nHJx6G) Further company coverage:
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN, Wisconsin, June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CAIXABANK SA:
* SEES 2018 FEES UP 3 PERCENT - 4 PERCENT
* SEES 2018 CORE REVENUES UP AROUND 4 PERCENT
* SEES 2018 RECURRENT COSTS UP AROUND 3 PERCENT
* SEES NET INTEREST INCOME RISING BY UP TO 3 PCT IN 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 12 Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust -
* Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust announces offering of series D senior unsecured debentures
* Canadian real estate investment trust -agreed to issue, on an agency basis, $125 million aggregate principal amount of series D senior unsecured debentures
* Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust says debentures will bear interest at a rate of 2.951% per annum and will mature on January 18, 2023
* Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust- net proceeds of offering will be used by creit for repayment of indebtedness and general business purposes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 China's R&F Properties has agreed to buy the Vauxhall Square development in central London from CLS Holdings for a gross 157.77 million pounds ($197 million), a boost to the capital's faltering luxury residential property market.
The scheme, including two 50 storey residential towers, is one of a number of developments in London designed to cash in on demand for high-end properties from foreign buyers ranging from Russian oligarchs and Middle Eastern oil barons to newly-minted Chinese entrepreneurs.
However, prospects for the market have dimmed over the last year, with prices for luxury flats falling sharply due to uncertainty over Britain's vote to leave the European Union and changes in sales tax.
Developers, grappling with oversupply, have had to sell entire apartment blocks for discounted prices and change building plans.
Last month, St Modwen said a potential buyer of its up-for-sale 10 acre Nine Elms Square residential scheme had allowed its period of exclusivity to expire. It had already written down the value of the site last year.
Nonetheless, a sharp fall in the value of the pound since the Brexit vote has raised hopes that foreign buyers will return in force.
CLS said it would make a profit on the sale of around 40 million pounds after costs. Its shares were up 6.2 percent at 1,859 pence at 1415 GMT, the second biggest rise on Britain's midcap share index.
"The deal highlights the depth of international capital tracking UK real estate, removes a perceived higher risk asset from CLS' portfolio and provides significant capital to reinvest in core high yielding offices," Liberum analysts said.
R&F will assume some obligations and pay net cash of 144.1 million pounds, CLS said.
($1 = 0.8008 pounds) (Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Mark Potter)
The tennis great complained of pay disparities when the BBC was forced to disclose how much it pays its stars. She says the policy isn't fair.
Both Martina Navratilova and John McEnroe worked as commentators for BBC during the coverage of the Grand Slam tournament. But while she was reportedly told they were making a comparable wage, she later found out that wasn't the truth.
Now, she's slamming BBC for the difference in pay.
Read More Iceland Makes It Illegal To Pay Men More Than Women
In an interview for BBC Panorama, an investigative current affairs documentary program actually run by the company Navratilova is accusing of gender pay inequality, the tennis great said that while she was told she and McEnroe were making a comparable wage for Wimbledon commentary, he was actually making 10 times more than her.
“It's hard to really compare exactly because some people work a little longer day, maybe a few more programs or whatever,” she said. “But overall, it was a shock because John McEnroe makes at least 150,000 pounds. I get about 15,000 pounds for Wimbledon. And unless John McEnroe's doing a whole bunch of stuff outside of Wimbledon, he's getting at least 10 times as much money than I am for very comparable work.”
The documentary episode she's featured in, “Britain's Equal Pay Scandal,” examines the current battles between employees who accuse their employers of gender-based discrimination in pay, and their employers, such as BBC.
To Navratilova, the fact the British government-backed broadcast company has failed to pay her as much as it paid McEnroe makes her “angry for the other women that I think go through this.”
“John McEnroe makes at least £150,000 - I get about £15,000 for Wimbledon.”
Martina Navratilova on John McEnroe earning ten times as much as her.pic.twitter.com/rAQXN1W4Vw — BBC One (@BBCOne) March 19, 2018
But despite her claim of disparity, BBC Sport told reporters that McEnroe's participation was unique because it involved a much larger time commitment. He was also prohibited from doing commentary work elsewhere, making his contract with BBC one of exclusivity. That, along with other particulars, pushed his pay higher.
“Along with Sue Barker, John is regarded as the face of our Wimbledon coverage,” a BBC Sport spokeswoman said. “He is a defining voice within the BBC's coverage. He is widely considered to be the best expert/commentator in the sport, highly valued by our audiences and his contract means he cannot work for another UK broadcaster without our permission. His pay reflects all of this — gender isn't a factor.”
According to The Telegraph, McEnroe also made more appearances than Navratilova.
Regardless of what BBC has to say about this particular case, this isn't the only story of disparity between male and female individuals working for the company. And it's because BBC had to disclose how much it pays its stars that we're now being able to discuss this and several other cases of what appears to be gender-based pay differences.
Hopefully, this case as well as the countless others will continue to serve as a reason for further investigation into the pay differences and the real reasons why so many women are still paid less than men under similar circumstances.
BRIEF-Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
INDIANAPOLIS -- Gun owners that own a potentially defective Taurus pistols only have until Tuesday to get in on a class action settlement.
Those who own the guns have the option to get them replaced or repaired under a settlement class action lawsuit filed last summer.
The lawsuit alleges that nine handgun models had a faulty design that allowed the pistol to inadvertently fire when dropped or to be discharged when the safety feature was still on.
As part of the $239 million settlement, Taurus agreed to a voluntary recall of 1 million pistols.
Taurus pistols included in the settlement include the following models:
PT-111 Millennium
PT-132 Millennium
PT-138 Millennium
PT-140 Millennium
PT-145 Millennium
PT-745 Millennium
PT-609; PT-640
PT-24/7
The “Pro” series of each model is also included in the recall.
The claims period runs through February 6.
Per the settlement agreement, the company is offering three options: a cash payment, enhanced warranty or safety training.
Under the three options, gun owners can receive up to $200 cash in exchange for their defective pistol or they can have their pistols inspected and repaired at no charge.
Taurus will also publish free online training videos and instructions on how to properly operate and handle the Taurus pistols.
The company is covering all shipping and handling costs but says members should review their state and federal regulations before shipping off their weapon. Detailed instructions can be found on the settlement website.
Owners of these pistols can go to the settlement website to get information about submitting claim forms or about how to send your pistol in for repair.
SHANGHAI, March 30 China's State Power Investment Corp said Westinghouse Electric Co's bankruptcy filing would not have a "substantial impact" on the country's nuclear plans.
In a statement published on Thursday, the state-owned power firm said the two sides would continue to work together to make sure the world's first Westinghouse-designed AP1000 reactor project, due to go into operation at Sanmen on China's eastern coast this year, would be completed on schedule.
"The two sides were fully aware of the importance of the Chinese AP1000 project and agreed to continue to make the project a common priority and increase investment to ensure that the target of putting the reactor into operation this year is met," the statement said.
Westinghouse, owned by Japanese conglomerate Toshiba , filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday as a result of billions of dollars of cost overruns at four reactors under construction in the United States. (Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
April 6 Cub Energy Inc
* Cub Energy Inc. appoints Chief Operating Officer
* Cub Energy Inc - Appointment of Kerry Kendrick as Chief Operating Officer
* Cub Energy Inc - Kendrick replaces Cliff West, who has been COO of company since 2011
* Cub Energy Inc - West is retiring and will continue to serve as a consultant Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korea says it will send a 160-member artistic delegation to North Korea, including about 10 popular K-Pop singers.
A joint statement issued after the two Koreas met on Tuesday said the South Korean artistic group will visit Pyongyang, North Korea's capital, from March 31 to April 4 and give two performances.
The development comes during a thaw in the North Korean nuclear crisis. A North Korean band performed in South Korea during the recently ended Pyeongchang Winter Olympics.
The South Korean delegation will include some of the country's most celebrated singers, including Cho Yong-pil, Lee Sunhee and Cho Jin Hee, who performed in Pyongyang during a previous era of detente.
Advertisement
Popular girl band Red Velvet is also among the South Korean groups.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
SEOUL South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se said on Thursday he believed the United States will consult Seoul if it is considering a pre-emptive strike against North Korea.
Yun's comments at a South Korean parliamentary hearing came amid rising tensions in the region over the possibility North Korea could conduct a new nuclear or missile test.
The possibility of U.S. military action against North Korea in response to such tests gained traction following last week's U.S. strikes against Syria, which came in retaliation for a deadly gas attack.
(Reporting by Jack Kim and Ju-min Park; Editing by Paul Tait)
BERLIN The role of trade as a driver of global growth is threatened by a slowdown in trade reform since the early 2000s and an uptick in protectionism after the financial crisis, the International Monetary Fund, World Trade Organization and World Bank said on Monday.
Unveiling a joint report in Berlin entitled 'Making Trade an Engine of Growth for All,' the three organizations urged governments to address the negative effects that global trade has had on manufacturing jobs, workers and communities, especially in advanced economies.
"Recent evidence on the effect of import competition on manufacturing jobs in certain locations in Europe and the United States demonstrates how harsh such impacts can be in the absence of accompanying policies," the IMF, WTO and World Bank said.
"The role of trade in the global economy is at a critical juncture."
The report said a lack of reform to make trade more beneficial to broader sections of societies has been a drag on productivity and income growth.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Joseph Nasr, editing by Emma Thomasson)
April 12 United Parcel Service Inc
* Expanded its global dangerous goods shipping program by adding more than 400 new commodities
* 400 new commodities can be accepted in its global air network and more than 300 products across its ground network in europe
* Company also increased allowable quantity of select dangerous goods accepted for shipment Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Spanish vehicle manufacturing association Anfac:
* Says Spanish new car sales rose 12.6 percent in March from a year earlier to 125,600 units from 111,511 units in 2016
* Says new car sales rose 7.9 percent y/y in the January to March period
* New car sales rose 0.2 percent in February y/y (Reporting by Madrid Newsroom)
TEL AVIV, April 6 (Reuters) -
* Israel-based Dapulse, a provider of web-based software to improve team management, communication and productivity, said on Thursday it raised $25 million, bringing its total funding to $34.1 million.
* Private equity and venture capital firm Insight Venture Partners of New York led the investment round with participation from existing investors Genesis and Entree Capital.
* The company, which has over 10,000 customers, will use the funding to boost growth and expand its product offering.
* Customers include Adidas, AT&T, Discovery Channel, Samsung, Uber and WeWork. (Reporting by Tova Cohen, Editing by Ari Rabinovitch)
(Corrects paragraph two regarding costs; adds final paragraph regarding Reuters relationship with Thomson Reuters)
By Olivia Oran
April 27 Symphony Communications Services LLC said on Thursday it had added a number of large asset managers as customers including AB, Balyasny Asset Management LP, Boston Partners and T. Rowe Price Group.
Symphony is a lower-cost messaging rival to Bloomberg LP. Thomson Reuters Corp's messaging tool is free. Symphony said it has around 200,000 licensed users.
Symphony has been trying to gain traction across Wall Street and to control day-to-day communications between bank traders and outside asset managers.
While a number of banks who invested in Symphony including Goldman Sachs Group Inc use the chat tool internally, getting a foot in the door with powerful money managers is key to driving takeup in the platform.
BlackRock Inc last year became the first large asset manager to move all internal chat messaging to Symphony, an important step to help buoy usage across other big Wall Street funds.
Symphony CEO David Gurle acknowledged that winning precious screen space from portfolio managers can be challenging.
"The buyside is buried under so much information from the sellside and so they were very specific about making sure that Symphony wasn't just going to add to the noise," he said.
Symphony was created in 2014 when a consortium of 14 financial institutions led by Goldman Sachs acquired Perzo, in a joint effort to change the way their traders communicate.
The system allows financial firms, corporate customers and individuals to put their chats, texts, tweets and emails on one centralized platform with the aim of creating a flexible and secure messaging service.
Symphony has raised $170 million in two funding rounds from a number of large banks and investors like Alphabet Inc's Google . (Reporting by Olivia Oran in new York; Editing by David Gregorio and Nick Zieminski)
FILE PHOTO: A pair of Aedes albopictus mosquitoes are seen during a mating ritual while the female feeds on a blood meal in a 2003 image from the Centers for Disease Control (CDC). REUTERS/Centers for Disease Control/James Gathany/Handout via Reuters
CHICAGO Researchers have begun the second phase of testing of a Zika vaccine developed by U.S. government scientists in a trial that could yield preliminary results as early as the end of 2017.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institutes of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), said on Friday the $100 million trial has already been funded and will proceed, irrespective of the $7 billion in cuts to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) budget proposed by the Trump Administration over the next 18 months.
In a conference call with reporters, Fauci would not comment on the proposed cuts because it is not clear yet what the actual budget will be. Both Democratic and Republican lawmakers oppose cuts to the NIH, which funds 21 institutes, including NIAID.
NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins is scheduled to speak with President Donald Trump later on Friday. "I will certainly be talking to Francis Collins when he returns from the White House," Fauci said.
Zika typically causes mild symptoms, but when the virus infects a pregnant woman, she can pass it to her fetus, causing a variety of birth defects including microcephaly, in which the baby's head is abnormally small.
Fauci said the current Zika vaccine candidate had cleared preliminary safety hurdles, and would now enter testing for efficacy, which would occur in two phases.
The first phase will continue testing for safety and evaluate the vaccine's ability to stimulate the immune system to develop antibodies to fight Zika. It will also test different doses to see which works best.
The second phase, set to begin in June, will attempt to determine if the vaccine can actually prevent Zika infection.
Several companies are developing Zika vaccines, including Sanofi SA, GlaxoSmithKline Plc and Takeda Pharmaceuticals.
In the NIAID study, researchers aim to enroll at least 2,490 healthy volunteers in areas with confirmed or potential active transmission of Zika by mosquitoes. These include parts of the continental United States, Puerto Rico, Brazil, Peru, Costa Rica, Panama and Mexico. They will receive either the vaccine, or a placebo, and be followed for two years.
If enough people are exposed to the virus, Fauci said they could get an effectiveness signal as early as the end of this year. The trial is expected to be completed by 2019.
Fauci said the government is already in discussions with pharmaceutical companies that would share the costs of the final stage of testing and handle manufacturing.
Zika is primarily transmitted by mosquitoes, but it can also be transmitted sexually. According to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 5,182 people in the continental United States have been infected by Zika either locally or through travel to places where the virus is spreading. Another 38,303 cases have been reported in U.S. territories, including Puerto Rico.
(Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen; editing by Diane Craft)
What just happened? One of four men with ties to Yahoo's security breach have been brought to justice. The other three, including two officers of the Russian Federal Security Service, remain at large.
A Toronto man has been sentenced to five years in prison and ordered to pay a $250,000 fine for unwittingly working with a Russian spy agency and using data stolen from Yahoo's massive security breach to gain access to private e-mail accounts.
Karim Baratov, a 23-year-old “international hacker for hire,” pleaded guilty to nine felony hacking charges last November. Baratov, who was born in Kazakhstan but lived in Toronto, reportedly charged customers $100 to hack into web-based e-mail accounts.
Prosecutors said Russia's Federal Security Service paid Baratov to hack into at least 80 e-mail accounts.
Assistant Attorney General Demers said criminal hackers and the countries that sponsor them make a grave mistake when they target American companies and citizens, adding that they will identify them wherever they are and bring them to justice.
Baratov was arrested in Canada in March 2017 and transferred to the Northern District of California in August. He has been in custody since his arrest and is the only one of four individuals arrested thus far after being charged by the U.S. Justice Department last year.
Prosecutors believe the two Russian spies, Dmitry Aleksandrovich Dokuchaev and Igor Anatolyevich, are living in Russia. The country does not have an extradition treaty in place with the US.
Baratov reportedly told U.S. Judge Vince Chhabria that his time served in jail has been an eye-opening and humbling experience and vowed to become a “better man” upon release. He will likely be deported once his time has been served, the judge said.
Image courtesy Ritchie B. Tongo, European Press Photo Agency
(Corrects fund performance in paragraph 19)
By David Randall
NEW YORK, April 13 Some of the actively managed funds that have performed the best since the Nov. 8 presidential election are switching from "Trump Trade" bets on financial and infrastructure stocks into beaten-down sectors such as retail, apparel or biotech.
The managers say those sectors now have a lot of upsides while a rally fueled by expectations Donald Trump's administration will cut taxes and boost infrastructure spending has run its course because of growing doubts the new administration can deliver on those promises any time soon.
"We're taking some money off the table,” said Scott Goginsky, a co-portfolio manager of the $24.8 million Biondo Focus Fund. The fund gained 25.6 percent between Election Day and the end of March, according to Morningstar data.
Goginsky's fund, which counts sportswear brand Under Armour Inc among its largest holdings, has been selling shares of large-cap financial companies and buying "brands and companies that still have pricing power when Amazon is taking over everything," he said.
Shares of Under Armour lost 54 percent over the last 12 months in part because of increased competition with Nike for shelf space at retailers.
Most of the portfolio managers that topped post-election performance charts moved into financials and infrastructure stocks before Nov. 8 and did so primarily because they looked cheap, not because they thought Trump would win. In fact, only few predicted the vote's outcome.
With the price-to-earnings ratio of the benchmark S&P 500 near the high end of its historical range, the broad market has baked in deep tax cuts that look less likely after Trump's attempt to pass a new healthcare bill shattered, fund managers say.
As a result, they are paring back their exposure to the stock market as a whole and in some cases raising their cash holdings.
"I'm not a fan of the market at these levels," said Arnold Schneider, portfolio manager of the $48.7 million Schneider Small Cap Value fund. With a 28.2 percent gain since Nov. 8 it is the top-performing actively managed equity fund tracked by Morningstar over that time.
Schneider said only energy stocks and small-cap financial services companies seemed to have some upside after falling 6.2 percent and 5 percent respectively this year.
"I think financial services are the best story in the market," he said, given recent declines coincide with rising interest rates that should help financial firms shore up their margins.
Schneider counts oil and gas services company Weatherford International PLC, crude oil producer Whiting Petroleum Corp, and regional bank Regions Financial Corp among his largest positions.
FADING 'TRUMP TRADE'
It appears that investors at large, not just the top performers, are abandoning the ‘Trump Trade' stocks.
Companies in the S&P 500 index with the highest effective tax rates that would gain the most from the promised cuts have given up all of their post-election gains, according to a research note from Goldman Sachs published last week.
While Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan acknowledged last week that Congress and the White House were not "on the same page yet” on a tax package, the administration has tried to assure of its commitment to a business-friendly agenda.
On Tuesday, Trump told a group of chief executives that his administration was reducing regulations and revamping the Wall Street reform law known as Dodd-Frank, which might be eliminated and replaced with "something else."
White House economic adviser Gary Cohn on Friday said taxes remained a top priority and the administration aimed to complete a plan for tax code overhaul this year. He acknowledged, though, it may not be ready until the fall.
One of the top-performing managers believes the "Trump Trade" rally still has legs.
Graham Tanaka, whose $15.1 million Tanaka Growth fund is up 17.8 percent since the election, said he expected Trump to succeed in passing corporate tax cuts. That would push the earnings of the S&P 500 companies up 10 to 15 percent, justifying elevated valuation levels.
Tax cuts should spur more corporate and consumer spending on technology, Tanaka argues, and has been raising Apple Inc and Tesla Inc holdings. Tanaka is also moving more money into shares of underperforming biotech firms, such as ProMetic Life Sciences Inc and Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. Ionis shares are down 19 percent for the year after analysts expressed concerns about its drug pipeline.
"We think that this company has been beat up for the wrong reasons and is one of the biggest innovators in the biotech space," Tanaka said.
(Reporting by David Randall; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and Tomasz Janowski)
On Tuesday, Makwala told the BBC he had been ready to race and was fit and well for the 400 metres final later in the day. Shortly afterwards, the IAAF withdrew him from that race as well. Makwala still went to the stadium on Tuesday but when he...more
On Tuesday, Makwala told the BBC he had been ready to race and was fit and well for the 400 metres final later in the day. Shortly afterwards, the IAAF withdrew him from that race as well. Makwala still went to the stadium on Tuesday but when he attempted to go through the dedicated athletes' entrance an official and security personnel barred his way and he was led away. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
Close
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," he said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," he says. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." He says that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost her brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," she said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. He adds: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
TORONTO May 3 The troubles engulfing Canada's non-bank mortgage lenders have cast a spotlight on a popular and dependable investment product that is a central part of financial life in the country, from grandmothers giving gifts to serving as the funding model for listed companies.
Canadian alternative lenders Home Capital Group and Equitable Group Inc, which rely heavily on guaranteed investment certificates (GICs) to fund operations, saw withdrawals from another savings product last week as depositors got spooked by regulatory allegations against Home Capital.
The withdrawals from high interest savings accounts (HISA), including a 75-percent drop in Home Capital's HISA deposits and a far lesser decline at Equitable, spurred Canadian banks to provide a credit line to Equitable on Monday to prevent it spreading to other deposits, including GICs.
Equitable said on Wednesday that a sixth major Canadian bank had joined the syndicate for the facility.
According to Bank of Canada data, personal fixed-term deposits, of which GICs are a subset, totaled C$320.43 billion as of January 2017. This accounts for about 18.2 percent of all chartered bank deposits in Canada. The central bank and other financial authorities do not break out GICs' share of the total. "Everything is to stop the panic. That's why banks stepped in to provide credit lines. Why risk it?" said a Canadian financial market participant who declined to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to media.
As depositors pull their money out of Home Capital Group, focus has turned to the long-term outlook for GICs as a funding source for alternative lenders.
The popularity of GICs, despite their low interest rates, is due to their safety. Unlike with stocks, a GIC owner can never lose money on their principal. Those bought from members of Canadian Deposit Insurance Corp (CDIC) issuers – such as banks, alternative lenders – are insured for up to C$100,000 ($73,201.08).
GICs' terms usually range from 30 days to five years, often require a minimum deposit of at least C$500, and can earn annual interest rates of up to 2.5 percent on a five-year term. The rates, while conservative, beat the near-zero interest rates offered by most regular savings accounts today.
On Monday, even as its shares slumped 28 percent, Home Capital-owned Oaken Financial ran a full-page ad in a national newspaper, marketing its GICs, which are similar to certificates of deposit in the United States. "Everybody likes permanent funding," said Barry Schwartz, portfolio manager at Baskin Financial Services. "(GICs) are very important because they are a very low-cost funding and the banks get to lock you up at crummy rates for the long term.
"Could (the banks) live without GIC sales? Sure. But banks love them because you can't pull out your money."
WHAT'S THE ALTERNATIVE?
Unlike traditional lenders, which rely on a variety of deposits to fund their operations, non-bank lenders like Home Capital and Equitable derive roughly three-quarters or more of their funding needs from GICs, underscoring the heavy reliance on these short- to medium-term deposits.
The immediate funding squeeze at Home Capital has come from the HISA withdrawals. But with short-term sentiment turning against non-bank lenders, some analysts question whether the worry could spill over.
"The biggest concern with Home Capital is liquidity, what's going to happen with their GICs. If they can't underwrite their GICs, then you're in a run-off scenario," one Toronto-based banking analyst said. "We don't know if people are taking new GICs or not. It's a hidden market right now.
"As these GICs reach maturity, are people re-buying them? That's the question," the analyst added.
As Toronto's housing market boomed, attracting new buyers who at times fell short of big banks documentation standards, Home Capital and other non-banks came to their rescue.
For years, non-bank lenders were accustomed to depositors renewing their GICs, giving them a constant supply of low-cost funds required to underwrite new mortgages.
Withdrawals from GICs have been limited since there is a penalty for premature exits. Home Capital's total GIC deposits stood at C$12.86 billion down from C$13.06 billion at the end of March.
Whether investors will rush to buy new GICs offered by non-bank lenders remains to be seen.
"It probably does change people's perception. I can certainly see some investors being reluctant to buy GICs," said Dan Bortolotti, associate portfolio manager at PWL Capital.
"But what's the alternative? If you were to look at other alternatives, what's less risky than a GIC?" ($1 = 1.3676 Canadian dollars) (Additional reporting by Fergal Smith and Anna Mehler Paperny in Toronto and Leah Schnurr in Ottawa; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
One Council Bans Bouncy Castles After Norfolk Death
A council in the South of England has banned bouncy castles following the death of a three-year-old girl in Gorleston on Sunday.
Ava-May Littleboy from Suffolk died from a head injury after being thrown from an inflatable trampoline.
In a statement issued on Wednesday, Havant Borough Council, which is near Portsmouth, said no incidents or concerns had been raised in the area.
But in the wake of the incident in Norfolk, a council spokesman said: "It has been decided that until the reason for the explosion of the bouncy castle has been identified, such that the risk can be properly managed by the event organiser, Havant Borough Council will not permit the use of bouncy castles or inflatables at any events taking place on its land.
"The position will be reviewed once the outcome of the inquiry into the cause of the explosion of the bouncy castle is known."
Experts are examining the equipment on the beach in Gorleston.
Police said witnesses reported hearing a "loud bang" before the inflatable "apparently burst" at the seaside site.
The incident has led to calls for the Government to consider a temporary ban on inflatables in public spaces.
The regulations surrounding inflatables has also been raised in the Commons today by the MP for Harlow, where 7 year old Summer Grant from Norwich died in 2016, when the bouncy castle she was on blew away.
Robert Halfon said action was needed after "two horrific tragedies".
April 20 Hawaiian Holdings Inc-
* Hawaiian Holdings reports 2017 first quarter financial results
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.68
* Qtrly adjusted earnings per share $1.04
* Hawaiian Holdings - raising guidance range for available seat miles and gallons of jet fuel to be consumed for full year ending december 31, 2017
* Sees q2 2017 asms up 3% to up 5%
* Sees q2 2017 operating revenue per asm up 4.5% to up 7.5%
* Hawaiian Holdings Inc sees q2 cost per asm excluding fuel and special items up in mid-single digit
* Qtrly total operating revenue $614.2 million versus $551.2 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.86, revenue view $611.4 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Members from Silsoe Young Farmers are hosting a DogFest on Sunday, July 15, to raise money for the East Anglian Air Ambulance.
The group chose to organise a dog show at College Farm in Gravenhurst, to raise money for the ambulance service because they helped to save one of their members' lives. Alex Smith was hit by a car in July and she believes if it was not for the East Anglian Air Ambulance she would not have survived.
Alex said: “The car hit me at over 60mph, launching me onto the pavement before rolling on top of me. The Air Ambulance arrived on the scene and airlifted me to Addenbrookes hospital. I spent a month in hospital recovering before I was able to go home. A year on I'm still in the process of my recovery, but I am here, and I owe absolutely everything to those in the air ambulance crew, without them, then I'm sure I wouldn't have survived.
“I never thought that I would require an Air Ambulance whilst walking to ride the horses, something that I'd done every day since I could remember, but it just goes to prove, that you never know when you may need their services!”
The event is from 10am and there will be stalls and fun things for everyone.
to get involved with.
There are no active watches, warnings or advisories
Our weather team will bring you any urgent weather alerts or updates as they occur. Check our breaking news section for the latest.
**Click directly on the images below to make them larger. Charts include: Maui County high/low forecasted temperatures, projected winds, projected localized weather conditions and expected wave heights.**
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
Looking Ahead
Trade winds will increase to locally breezy levels by midweek, then ease toward the weekend as high pressure strengthens to our north before getting edged out by a front approaching from the west. Trade winds will push clouds and showers across the islands, focusing rainfall mainly across windward and mauka areas. Rainfall will increase late in the work week and over the upcoming weekend as the front passes eastward through the islands.
West Side
Today: Isolated showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 79. East northeast wind 7 to 14 mph, with gusts as high as 18 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
ADVERTISEMENT
Tonight: Isolated showers before midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 65. East northeast wind 6 to 13 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday: Partly sunny, with a high near 80. East northeast wind 10 to 13 mph.
South Side
Today: Isolated showers after noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 78. Light and variable wind becoming west northwest 5 to 7 mph in the morning. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Scattered showers before midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 64. Light and variable wind becoming north northeast 9 to 14 mph after midnight. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tuesday: Scattered showers after noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 79. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 14 to 16 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
North Shore
Today: Scattered showers, mainly before noon. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 78. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 15 to 18 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. Chance of precipitation is 50%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tonight: Isolated showers before midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 64. Breezy, with an east wind 13 to 17 mph, with gusts as high as 24 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday: Partly sunny, with a high near 79. Breezy, with an east wind around 15 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph.
Central Maui
Today: Scattered showers, mainly before noon. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 78. Breezy, with a northeast wind 11 to 16 mph, with gusts as high as 22 mph. Chance of precipitation is 50%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tonight: Isolated showers before midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 63. Breezy, with a northeast wind 7 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday: Partly sunny, with a high near 79. East northeast wind around 14 mph, with gusts as high as 18 mph.
Upcountry
Today: Isolated showers after noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 65. Calm wind becoming west around 6 mph in the morning. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Isolated showers before midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 53. Calm wind becoming east 5 to 9 mph after midnight. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday: Partly sunny, with a high near 66. East wind 9 to 11 mph.
East Maui
Today: Occasional showers, mainly before noon. High near 76. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 11 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 20 mph. Chance of precipitation is 80%. New precipitation amounts between a tenth and quarter of an inch possible.
Tonight: Scattered showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 61. Breezy, with an east wind 8 to 17 mph. Chance of precipitation is 50%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tuesday: Scattered showers, mainly before noon. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 76. Breezy, with an east wind around 17 mph. Chance of precipitation is 50%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Lanai City
Today: Isolated showers after noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 72. Windy, with a northeast wind 16 to 24 mph, with gusts as high as 33 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Isolated showers before midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 64. Breezy, with a northeast wind 10 to 20 mph, with gusts as high as 29 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday: Isolated showers after noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 72. East northeast wind around 11 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Kaunakakai
Today: Isolated showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 78. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 9 to 16 mph, with gusts as high as 21 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Isolated showers before midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 69. East northeast wind 6 to 14 mph, with gusts as high as 18 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tuesday: Partly sunny, with a high near 79. Breezy, with an east northeast wind 14 to 16 mph.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China Enterprise Co Ltd :
* Says it cuts share issue size to up to 2.7 billion yuan from up to 4.2 billion yuan previously
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/hWKahB
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Repeats item issued earlier with no change to text)
By Chen Aizhu
BEIJING, April 28 As the United Nations Security Council decides whether to tighten the sanctions screws on North Korea, the country's increasingly isolated government could lose a lifeline provided by state-owned China National Petroleum Corp (CNPC).
For decades, the Chinese oil giant has sent small cargoes of jet fuel, diesel and gasoline from two large refineries in the northeastern city of Dalian and other nearby plants across the Yellow Sea to North Korea's western port of Nampo, five sources familiar with the business told Reuters. Nampo serves North Korea's capital, Pyongyang.
CNPC also controls the export of crude oil to North Korea, an aid programme that began about 40 years ago. The sources said the crude is transported through an ageing pipeline that runs from the border town of Dandong to feed North Korea's single operational oil refinery, the Ponghwa Chemical factory in Sinuiju on the other side of the Yalu river, which splits the two nations.
The plant makes low-grade gasoline and diesel, the Chinese sources said.
The five people outlined previously unreported details about CNPC's deals with Pyongyang and how it came to dominate that business, giving insight into the two countries' relationship and what's at stake as decades of close ties sour badly because of growing concerns about North Korea's missile programmes and development of nuclear weapons.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will press the U.N. Security Council on Friday to swiftly impose stronger sanctions in the event of further provocations by the reclusive state, including a long-range missile launch or sixth nuclear test.
President Donald Trump's administration is focusing its North Korea strategy on tougher economic sanctions, possibly including an oil embargo, a global ban on its airline, intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang, U.S. officials told Reuters earlier this month.
North Korea imports all its oil needs, mostly from China and a much smaller amount from Russia.
It bought about 270,000 tonnes of fuel, from gasoline to diesel, last year, according to China's customs data.
Crude oil exports from China to North Korea have not been disclosed by customs for several years, but the sources say it's about 520,000 tonnes a year.
OIL EMBARGO
In North Korea, diesel has been critical for farming, especially at this time of year, ahead of the planting season and also around October for harvesting. Gasoline is mainly used by the transport industry and the military, experts say.
Earlier this month, the Global Times, an influential Chinese tabloid whose stance does not necessarily reflect official policy, raised the possibility of cutting oil shipments to North Korea if it were to conduct another nuclear test.
Most analysts argue such a harsh policy would be potentially destabilising to the regime of Kim Jong-un and say curbing oil imports may be a more realistic option.
"China could potentially be convinced to cap volumes like they did with coal, at the UNSC (United Nations Security Council) as part of a new sanctions resolution following another nuclear test," said Bonnie Glaser of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington.
Any loss of the North Korea trade will have only a tiny effect on Dalian. Dalian's two refineries having a combined capacity to process over 600,000 barrels of crude oil per day, about 40 times North Korea's requirements.
CNPC, which controls both refineries, started to dominate the North Korea business in the late 1990s.
Wang Lihua, who ran CNPC's trading arm from 1998 until her retirement this month, was the mastermind behind the dealmaking, beating out state rivals like Sinochem, the sources said.
"CNPC has all along been the most politically minded among state energy firms, aiming for that role of North Korea's dominant supplier even if the business makes little money," said one of the sources, who is close to CNPC.
CNPC and Sinochem did not respond to Reuters' requests for comment.
Pyongyang's increasing nuclear and ballistic missile tests have already put the brakes on the trade. Beijing quietly suspended a decades-long aid programme of 50,000 tonnes annually of aviation fuel in 2013. The government officially announced a ban on jet fuel only last June.
Russia appears to have replaced China as the top supplier of jet fuel, according to sources in China familiar with the trade.
But experts are sceptical whether Moscow would be willing to become Pyongyang's lifeline for other fuels given the country's financial straits.
"They might fill some of the gap, but I'd be shocked if Russia wanted the burden of becoming a lifeline to North Korea," said Glaser.
(Additonal reporting by Gavin Maguire and Florence Tan in Singapore and Josephine Mason in Beijing; Editing by Josephine Mason, Raju Gopalakrishnan and Martin Howell)
On the University of Thessaloniki's campus, there is a memorial to the Greek victims of the Holocaust. It was built in 2014 — very late for a city once known as the "Jerusalem of the Balkans."
"There are still people in Thessaloniki who don't know that the campus used to be part of the Jewish cemetery," says filmmaker Lydia Konsta.
Read more: How Greece is combating widespread anti-Semitism
The cemetery was destroyed during the Nazi German occupation. This was done in cooperation with the city's administration, who were pursuing goals of their own. Large parts of Thessaloniki had been destroyed by fire in 1917 and the Jewish gravestones were to be used for the remaining repairs. Thus, one of the world's largest Jewish cemeteries disappeared into the streets, sidewalks and churches of the city.
To this day, parts of headstones from Jewish cemeteries can be found embedded in sidewalks around Thessaloniki
Obliterated and forgotten
Until the early 20th century, half of Thessaloniki's population was Jewish. Most of the numerous synagogues and Jewish shops were destroyed in the 1917 fire. Jews settled in city as early as the 7th century. The apostle Paul, on his second missionary journey, preached in the Etz-Achaim synagogue, which was also destroyed in the fire. In the 12th century, Sephardic Jews who had been expelled from Spain settled in Thessaloniki, shaping its cultural life for centuries.
Read more: The 'good German doctor' who saved Greek lives during WWII occupation
Lydia Konsta only found out about all this at the end of the 1980s. Thessaloniki's Jewish heritage was neither remembered in school lessons, nor in the urban landscape. And the fate of the city's Jewish citizens was also suppressed. "After the suffering of the occupation, they simply wanted to forget everything that had to do with the war," Lydia Konsta says.
According to historian Rena Molho, many Nazi collaborators benefited from the extermination of Greek Jews. Valuable real estate changed hands after the war.
A Holocaust memorial for Thessaloniki's Jewish community was built in 2014
Ninety-seven percent of Thessaloniki's Jews died in the Holocaust. Then came the veil of silence over the city, where even today there is hardly any talk about who supported the German occupying forces in their expulsion and annihilation of the Jews.
Coming to terms with the Holocaust
Giannis Boutaris, the acting mayor of Thessaloniki, was the first to change this post-war reticence. He approached the nearly 1,000 members of the Jewish community who now live in the city. Since 2013, the city and its Jewish community have been organizing a memorial march to commemorate the deportation of Thessaloniki's Jews. A Holocaust museum is being built, half financed by Germany, to inform future generations about aspects of Nazi terrors that have so far received little attention in history lessons.
"To this day, many Greeks still ask themselves why they should care about the Holocaust. That's a problem for the Jews," says Rena Molho. "But it is quite simple — the Holocaust was an injustice — the greatest injustice. Those who do not acknowledge this will fail to take other cases of injustice so seriously."
The many victims' associations in Greece use the term "Holocaust" in connection with the cruel massacres committed by the Nazis, in which non-Jews were also killed. "The Jews were killed for the simple reason that they were born. Most others were killed for purely political reasons," says Molho. "A lot of people haven't understood this. And many still don't want to understand it. For me, that's anti-Semitism."
Every year since 2013 a march has been held commemorating the deportation of Thessaloniki's Jews
This form of anti-Semitism is sometimes openly expressed: "The Germans killed 360 people in my village," a retired teacher from Crete told DW, "but Hitler was right about the Jews. They still hold the world's power to this day, and they don't respect the crucifix." A 41-year-old animal keeper from Serres in northern Greece says: "Why should we deal with such stupidities as the Holocaust today? Anyway, the young generation has nothing against the Jews."
A systemic problem
But the numbers appear to tell a different story. According to a worldwide survey by the Anti-Defamation League in 2014, anti-Semitism is more present in Greece than in any other European country. Seventy-four percent of those questioned said they think that Jews have "too much power in the world." Almost half, 47 percent, said that the Jews were "hated because of their own behavior." It is striking that, looking at the ages of those surveyed, younger people are generally no less anti-Semitic than older people.
Read more: Echoes of 1968 anti-Semitic campaign haunt Poland 50 years on
Conspiracy theories about Jews are also promoted by parts of the Greek Orthodox Church, says Molho. "There are metropolitan bishops such as Seraphim from Piraeus who make public anti-Semitic comments, and are neither discharged nor forced to resign. This shows the Church's position on this subject." In 2010, Seraphim said on television that Jews control the international banks.
Filmmaker Lydia Konsta believes that ignoring Thessaloniki's Jewish past and the Holocaust has weighed heavily on the city
But not all Greeks are anti-Semites, says Molho, pointing out that there was a lot of help given to Jews by the Greek civilian population, especially during the occupation. The fact that the Greek Orthodox Church nowadays simply ignores anti-Semitic statements by high dignitaries points to a "fundamental systemic problem," says Molho.
Despite all the issues, Molho also sees that some things are changing — mostly through private initiatives. She is particularly hopeful about future generations. "Children listen to you and they believe you." And Lydia Konsta also firmly believes that "Thessaloniki must stop groping around in the dark. We must finally come to terms with who we really are. The city, as it is today, has a long and culturally diverse history." She thinks that the denial of its Jewish history has weighed heavily on Thessaloniki. "Someone who cannot acknowledge that half of the city's population used to be Jewish will never understand that it is also because of this, that the city is Greek."
images sold online by stock agencies are of khmer genoicde victims. Cambodia: Tower of Skulls
images sold online by stock agencies are of khmer genoicde victims. Cambodia: Tower of Skulls
THE woman with her baby stares quietly into the camera, her passive gaze perhaps containing some knowledge of the unspeakable horrors that were about to befall her.
Shortly after the photograph was taken on the woman's arrival at the infamous Khmer Rouge torture centre S-21 in Phnom Penh, her baby was taken away and killed.
She herself was doomed, the wife of a Khmer Rouge officer who had fallen out of favour, and to become one of the millions of victims of Cambodia's mass murder of the 1970s.
Until earlier this month, the image of the woman with the short hair, slightly tipped head and
sleeping infant was yours to buy for $199.99 for use in a "marketing package".
In other images a woman, pinned with a number, sits slumped beside her baby, and in another a young boy, number 374, stares terrified at the lens.
Literary publication the Mekong Review has revealed that two stock photo agencies - Alamy and Sprague - were cashing in on the images of the women and other victims of one of history's most appalling atrocities.
Photo of woman and her baby at the Khmer Rouge torture centre before their genocidal murder was on sale as a stock image for profit.
All the people in the black and white photos for sale online died in the Khmer Rouge's Year Zero genocide, more commonly known as Cambodia's Killing Fields.
Publishing the images on Twitter, the Mekong Review wrote: "These portraits were taken by Khmer Rouge cadres before they tortured and killed these people.
"This is wrong ... selling photos of Khmer Rouge victims which they have no copyright on. "No one owns these photos.
"They were taken by members of a regime that was responsible for the death of 2 million people."
The Cambodian genocide began in 1975 when the country's communists called the Khmer Rouge overthrew the democratic government and seized power.
Mekong Review Twitter post about the sale prices and marketing of this Khmer Rouge's victim's image taken before her murder.
Kaing Guek Eav, aka ‘Duch' who ran the S-21 torture centre where the woman and baby died.
Led by five men including the notorious Pol Pot, they established "Year Zero", forcibly evacuating people from the cities back into the countryside and murdering perceived opponents.
Money was abolished, books were burned and the country's intellectual elite including teachers and wealthy traders were slaughtered to realise Pol Pot's dream of an agricultural communist utopia.
Up to three million Cambodians - one quarter of the nation's population - were killed while the country fell into ruin and famine.
Arbitrary executions and torture were carried against perceived subversive members of the Khmer Rouge's own ranks, such as the unfortunate husband of the lady with her baby in the photograph.
Cambodian boy stands by remains of Khmer Rouge genocide victims in Kandal province. Picture: Heng Sinith.
After four years of terror, the Khmer Rouge was removed from power when Vietnamese forces invaded.
Left behind were the skeletons of the many victims and their photographs.
Visitors to Cambodia today can see the thousands of photos taken by the Khmer Rouge of their victims which take up the rooms of the Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum in the capital, Phnom Penh.
The museum is on the site of the former high school which was used as Security Prison 21, S-21, to torture and kill victims.
A "tower of skulls" can be seen at the Choeung Ek Genocidal Center, the site of a former orchard and mass grave containing 8,895 bodies 17km south of the capital.
The Mekong Review reported that no release form for use of the images had been signed before they were marketed by Alamy and Sprague.
It called into question the practice of selling the images for commercial use on legal and moral grounds.
On Monday, the Mekong Review reported that Alamy and Sprague had now removed the images from their sites.
Images of killing fields genocide victims sold online by stock photo agencies for profit.
Skulls and nones of Killing Fields victims at Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum in Phnom Penh.
Schoolgirl with photographs of murdered at the Tuol Sleng (S-21) Genocide Museum in Phnom Penh.
April 28 Raydium Semi-conductor Corp :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$6.5 per share to shareholders for 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/GAj9HO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mobile Mini Inc:
* MOBILE MINI REPORTS Q4 2017 RESULTS AND ANNOUNCES QUARTERLY DIVIDEND
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.41
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $2.07
* Q4 REVENUE $146.7 MILLION
* “‍EXPECT HEALTHY TOP LINE AND ADJUSTED EBITDA GROWTH, EXPANDED MARGINS AND INCREASED FREE CASH FLOW IN 2018”​
* AS A RESULT OF TAX ACT, CO REMEASURED NET DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES AND RECOGNIZED NET BENEFIT OF $77.6 MILLION
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.36, REVENUE VIEW $140.6 MILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON A mixed bag of economic numbers pushed sterling higher against its major currency peers on Friday, with upbeat foreign investment inflows at the end of last year offsetting another set of warning signs on household spending.
The pound fell initially on the detailed breakdown of fourth quarter gross domestic product and other data that showed consumers borrowing more, and the dominant services industry contracting for the first time since last March.
But a rough halving of Britain's huge current account deficit as a percentage of output, and a rise in foreign direct investment to 110 billion pounds, offered hope that one of the economy's big vulnerabilities may already be fading as ministers begin 18 months of talks on leaving the European Union.
Driven by a late surge around month-end fixing of major currencies at 1500 GMT, that hope helped the pound gain almost half a percent on the day to $1.2516 by 1513 GMT. It was also 0.2 percent higher at 85.41 pence per euro.
"The marked improvement in the current account (and FDI income) suggests that at these levels sterling is helping the UK erode the large external imbalance that contributed to the currency's drop after the Brexit vote," AXA analysts said in a note.
"This should limit downside appetite for the currency even as we expect negative headlines from preliminary EU negotiations to mount."
Sterling has fallen about 20 percent as investors factored in the risks that a "hard" exit will take Britain out of Europe's single market in favour of imposing controls on immigration and lowering trade barriers with other partners.
It fell close to $1.20 this month after a handful of signals suggested previously robust consumer demand was beginning to fade as the drop in the currency feeds through into higher prices of imported goods.
The data on Friday also showed British households ran down their savings to a record low in late 2016 as they sought to offset a fall in their spending power. A survey showed consumers were worried about the outlook for the economy and there was a surprise fall in house prices.
"The (GDP) report on the whole speaks of fundamental structural weaknesses in the UK," Bank of New York Mellon currency strategist, Neil Mellor, said.
"The market got a negative impression and as much as there may be mitigating circumstances, the fact still remains that we have seen a run down in savings ... so all in all not a positive report for sterling."
London-based strategist, Lee Hardman from Japan's MUFG, has been arguing consistently for a stronger pound in recent weeks. He said the revised data would not change much for the recent stability in sterling.
"We saw a sharper-than-expected narrowing in the current account deficit which may have helped to ease the margins for the concerns over the potential downside risks for the pound going forward during the upcoming Brexit negotiations," he said.
Political uncertainty surrounding Brexit and signs the UK economy is slowing as Britain enters a negotiating period with the EU have also seen investors take net short positions on the pound versus the dollar to record highs. [IMM/FX]
Latest positioning numbers for the week to last Tuesday are due later on Friday.
Draft negotiating guidelines from the European Union showed Britain would need to make sufficient progress on its exit talks with the bloc before pursuing a new trade deal.
EU Council President Donald Tusk said talks between the EU and Britain to negotiate Brexit will be difficult and sometimes confrontational. There would be no parallel talks on issues outside of that, he said.
Investors are also contemplating the risk of a broader breakup of the United Kingdom.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has written to Prime Minister Theresa May formally demanding that she allow a second referendum to be held on Scottish independence ahead of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union.
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
New Delhi: It is the end of friendship for Bigg Boss 11 contestants Luv Tyagi and Priyank Sharma.The trio of Hina Khan , Priyank Sharma and Luv Tyagi which was bonded very strongly all through the season, began unravelling last week. In a promo, the three can be seen sitting together and talking when the boys got into an argument. Voices raised, mannerisms changed and soon the two became aggressive. Hina Khan had to come in between the two to stop them from indulging in physical fight.Few days ago we told you how Luv was seen cribbing about Priyank's attitude towards him. He had told Hina how Priyank mocks at his dressing sense. For these reasons Luv was mighty upset at Priyank.In the promo Priyank can be seen asking Luv what is the matter with him. When Luv denies to share, Priyank says "If you don't want to share , then don.t , I wont come and lickyour feet all the time."Luv who was already irked at Priyank , gets up in an aggressive manner and threatens him. One thing led to another and we could see the both threatening and insulting each other. Priyank also involves Luv's father in the fight and says "Uncle, aapka beta kya kar lega? "Take a look yourself.Seeing her two friends fighting like this, Hina Khan breaks down. She says "people outside give examples of our friendship".Priyank, Luv and Hina have spent some really beautiful times as friends in the show. Nobody could guess that something like this would be coming in their group.Image: Instagram/ prihina_officialImage: Instagram/ hinakhan_armyImage: Instagram/ hinakhan_armyFans of their friendship will certainly be disappointed .
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
FILE PHOTO - James Magnussen of Australia is seen underwater as he swims in the men's 100m Freestyle heats during the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, Scotland, July 26, 2014. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
MELBOURNE Australia's James Magnussen will forgo the chance to win a third 100 metres freestyle title at the swimming world championships in Budapest and instead focus on defending his Commonwealth Games gold medal at the Gold Coast next year.
The 25-year-old, nicknamed 'the Missile', said he felt a strong Commonwealth Games field, which includes compatriots Kyle Chalmers, the reigning Olympic champion, and Cameron McEvoy, would offer a better benchmark than the global championship.
“World championships in the year after the Olympic Games, some people come, some people have the year off, like myself," the three-times Olympic medallist said in comments published in The Australian newspaper on Wednesday.
"So I don't feel like it's a true test of being back at the top of the sport and I think the Commonwealth Games will really provide that for me.
"I think more than the event ­itself, it's the competition standard that I will have at this Commonwealth Games (that makes it so important).
"If I can get back to my best and win this Commonwealth Games, I believe there's no doubting that achievement."
Magnussen won the 100m freestyle world title at Shanghai in 2011 and defended it in 2013 at Barcelona but missed the 2015 event in Kazan due to a shoulder injury.
He has struggled to return to his best form since the injury and failed to qualify in his pet event at the Rio Olympics but grabbed a bronze in the 4x100m relay.
Australia's national championships, which double as trials for the world championships, will be held in Brisbane next week.
(Writing by Ian Ransom; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Kyren Wilson had a mixed start in the early stage of the new snooker season.
The Kettering star, who is now ranked number 13 in the world, secured his place in the Kaspersky Riga Masters later this month after beating Alfie Burden 4-0 in qualifying at Preston's Guild Hall.
But he was unable to secure a place in August's China Championship when suffering a shock 5-1 defeat to Michael Georgiou.
However, there may just have been a bit more to that loss than met the eye.
Wilson, who has also been picked to play in the snooker discipline of the 2017 World Games in Poland next month, admitted he had some issues during that loss to Georgiou.
The Kettering cueman conceded he might have been slightly under-prepared for the qualifying events having enjoyed some welcome downtime with his young family.
But he also revealed he may need to look at getting contact lenses after his struggles, particularly in that match with Georgiou.
“I was in good form towards the end of last season, I got to a semi-final in China and got to the quarter-finals of the World Championship and I wanted to carry that form on into the early part of the season,” Wilson said.
“But it's important to have that family time as well and I squeezed a couple of holidays in there and might not have worked as hard as I could have done.
“But I really struggled in that second game.
“I found the lighting quite difficult and one of the corner pockets was really blurred when I was looking at it.
“I had my eyes tested during last season and was told I needed glasses so I may well look at going down the route of contact lenses in the future.”
The Riga Masters - the first ranking tournament of the season - gets under way on June 23.
Don't miss more from Kyren Wilson in this week's Northamptonshire Telegraph
BERLIN A German government spokesman declined to comment on Wednesday on reported talks between Siemens (SIEGn.DE) and Canada's Bombardier (BBDb.TO) on combining their rail operations.
Asked if the government was involved, the spokesman told reporters: "The economics department in the chancellory of course follows the business landcape in Germany, as is its job, but I can't make any statement here about concrete cases."
Two people close to the matter told Reuters on Tuesday that Siemens and Bombardier are in talks.
(Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
NEW YORK, April 13 BlackRock Inc, the world's largest asset manager, held total compensation for Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Larry Fink nearly flat in 2016, according to a filing on Thursday.
Fink was awarded $25.5 million in compensation last year, compared with $25.8 million in 2015, based on a calculation of his pay according to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
April 3 (Reuters) -
* Fitch says shareholder-owned German non-life insurers more profitable than mutuals
* Fitch says mutual and public sector insurers have better capitalisation than shareholder-owned non-life insurers in Germany Source text for Eikon:
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — A teenage Ohio girl who police said told them she fatally shot her 15-year-old brother after they fought over a video-game system and he repeatedly hit her in the face won't be tried as an adult.
A Lucas County judge has ruled that the case will remain in juvenile court. The 15-year-old Toledo girl was 14 at the time of the December 2016 shooting. She has been charged as a juvenile with murder. She has denied the charge.
The Associated Press generally doesn't identify juveniles charged with crimes.
The judge said Tuesday that prosecutors didn't prove the need to transfer the case to adult court and rehabilitation is still available to the girl.
A prosecutor says the girl could remain in the juvenile system until age 21, if found guilty.
Comments
comments
(Adds downgrade from S&P)
TORONTO May 2 Canada's biggest non-bank lender, Home Capital Group Inc, has delayed its first-quarter earnings to after close of market on May 11, the company said in a statement on Tuesday.
Home Capital, which secured emergency funding last week after investors pulled out nearly three quarters of its deposits, said the delay would give the management time to update events that have occurred since the close of the first quarter..
Ratings agency Standard & Poors downgraded the long term credit ratings of the company to 'B-' from 'B+', citing heightened liquidity risk.
S&P also revised Home Capital's creditwatch implications to 'developing' from 'negative', reflecting the possibility of a further downgrade as a result of funding concerns and weaker-than-expected performance. bit.ly/2p6DbMy
Home Capital was scheduled to release earnings after close of market on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Denny Thomas; Additional reporting by Abinaya Vijayaraghavan; Editing by James Dalgleish)
(Reuters) - Cleanaway Waste Management (CWY.AX) said on Monday it would buy smaller rival Tox Free Solutions (TOX.AX) for A$3.425 per share in cash, valuing Tox at A$671 million ($503.72 million) on a diluted basis.
The Cleanaway offer is at a 20.6 percent premium to Tox's closing level on Friday of A$2.84.
Under the deal, Tox shareholders will be entitled to receive an interim dividend of A$0.05 per share in fiscal 2018, and Tox expects to declare and pay a fully franked special dividend on or shortly before the implementation of the deal.
In a separate statement, directors of Tox said they unanimously recommended that shareholders vote in favor of the Cleanaway offer.
“The transaction is expected to deliver approximately A$35 million in annual synergies and be strongly accretive for earnings per share and free cash flow per share when integration is complete,” said Cleanaway Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Vik Bansal.
To fund the acquisition, Cleanaway said it would launch an A$590 million entitlement offers, offering one new share for every 3.65 existing shares held, at A$1.35 per new share.
($1 = 1.3321 Australian dollars)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Boeing Co :
* Boeing says 57 new orders (unidentified customer(s) for 53 737s and four 787s) for the week through March 28, 2017
* Boeing says in the changes category, reduced 737 orders by 13 and 747 orders by two for the week through March 28, 2017 Source text - bit.ly/1CPj6cX Further company coverage:
Global banks have warned they could move thousands of jobs out of Britain to prepare for the expected disruption caused by the country's exit from the European Union, endangering London's status as a major financial centre.
Leading financial firms warned for months before last June's Brexit referendum that they would have to move some jobs if the "Leave" side won, and have been working on plans for how they would do so for the past six months.
More details are starting to emerge after Prime Minister Theresa May confirmed Britain would leave the European single market, ending banks' hopes they might retain "passporting" rights that let them sell their services across the EU out of their London hubs.
Below are comments and reports on banks about their potential Brexit plans
HSBC
Stuart Gulliver, CEO of HSBC (HSBA.L), Europe's biggest bank, said it would relocate staff responsible for generating around a fifth of its UK-based trading revenue, or around 1,000 people, to Paris.
BARCLAYS
Barclays (BARC.L) Chief Executive Jes Staley told BBC Radio in an interview in Davos that the bank would keep the bulk of its activities in Britain after the UK leaves the EU, and said any changes to how the bank operates will be small and manageable.
However, Barclays is preparing to make Dublin its EU headquarters for when Britain quits the EU, according to a source familiar with the matter.
UBS
Swiss bank UBS's (UBSG.S) Chairman Axel Weber said at the World Economic Forum in Davos in January that about 1,000 of its 5,000 employees in London could be affected by Brexit.
Separately, Chief Executive Sergio Ermotti said that UBS has a degree of flexibility if its UK outpost looks set to lose its ability to operate across the EU once Britain leaves the bloc.
The world's biggest wealth manager has also set up a bank in Frankfurt to consolidate most of its European wealth management operations, after the Brexit vote dashed London's chances of being the host city.
CREDIT SUISSE
Credit Suisse's (CSGN.S) Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam said in September that his bank was relatively well placed to deal with the impact of Brexit and that only around 15-20 percent of volumes in the investment bank would be impacted.
LLOYDS
Lloyds Banking Group (LLOY.L), Britain's largest mortgage lender and the only major British retail bank without a subsidiary in another EU country, is close to selecting Berlin as a European base to secure market access to the EU after Britain withdraws.[nL8N1FY5HM]
GOLDMAN SACHS
U.S. bank Goldman Sachs (GS.N) is considering moving up to 1,000 staff from London to Frankfurt because of concerns over Brexit, Germany's Handelsblatt newspaper reported in January, citing financial sources.
Goldman Sachs will begin moving hundreds of people out of London before any Brexit deal is struck as part of its contingency plans, the Wall Street firm's Europe CEO said in March.
Three people familiar with the matter told Reuters in November that Goldman Sachs is considering shifting some of its assets and operations from London to Frankfurt.
MORGAN STANLEY
U.S. bank Morgan Stanley (MS.N) has identified many of the roles that will need to be moved from Britain after Brexit, sources involved in the processes told Reuters.
Morgan Stanley, which bases the bulk of its European staff in Britain, will have to move up to 1,000 jobs in sales and trading, risk management, legal and compliance, as well as slimming the back office in favour of locations overseas, one source told Reuters.
Morgan Stanley may initially shift 300 staff from Britain following its exit from the European Union, and is scouting for office space in Frankfurt and Dublin, Bloomberg News reported in February.
CITIGROUP
Citigroup (C.N), which has also identified roles that will need to be moved out of the UK and has a large banking unit in Dublin, will need to move 100 posts in its sales and trading business, sources with knowledge of the matter said.
Separately, Citigroup's European chief said the U.S. bank would make a decision on its Brexit contingency plans in the first half of the year and choose from a number of potential EU countries to relocate some investment banking business.
JPMORGAN
Chase & Co (JPM.N) could be forced to move 4,000 of its 16,000 staff currently based in Britain if the country loses access to the single market, bank CEO Jamie Dimon warned in June.
"It looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for," Dimon told Bloomberg TV in an interview at the World Economic Forum in Davos in January.
BOFA
Bank of America Corp (BAC.N) said in August that its businesses and results could be adversely affected and it may have to incur additional costs if Brexit limits the ability of its UK entities to conduct business in the EU.
Dublin is Bank of America's default option for a new base within the EU, but other centres are on the table and no decision has yet been made, an executive said in Germany on March 14.
(Compiled by Noor Zainab Hussain in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
April 3 Audentes Therapeutics Inc
* Audentes Therapeutics Inc - on March 21, 2017, co entered into an amendment to exclusive license and collaboration agreement, dated May 3, 2016
* Audentes Therapeutics Inc - parties now intent to extend work plan to include additional studies - SEC filing Source text: (bit.ly/2nCpWlZ) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
The hubris of Gerhardt Hubner
April 17, 2017
OPINION by JULIE TACKER
Hubris is defined by Webster's Dictionary as “exaggerated pride or self-confidence.” In the case of the South San Luis Obispo County Sanitation District Administrator, Gerhardt Hubner, the shoe couldn't fit any better.
Hired on April 20, 2016, Hubner is the first full time administrator the district has ever had. The rationale to bring in a full-time administrator was that he could perform project management for the important projects the district has been undertaking.
Hubner's resume looks impressive on its face, overstated and hubristic; if you take the time to actually read between the lines. Hubner has zero experience in administering a wastewater district — contrary to the assertions of his biggest supporters, Oceano's Mary Lucey and Arroyo Grande's Patty Welsh who have both stated he has upwards of 27 years of experience managing sewers.
The only possible sewer experience I could find in his past may have been his work as a custodial foreman at Disneyland in the 1980's.
Hubner is a geologist, but the majority of his work was as a regulator, having worked for the Los Angeles and Central Coast Regional Water Quality Control Boards enforcing water quality compliance and as a deputy director in the public works department for Ventura County.
The extent of his administration experience took place in Ventura where he supervised, not managed, twenty people. He also oversaw its $5 million annual budget.
One of the first things Hubner did when hired at the sanitation district was engage Liebert Cassidy Whitmore, LLP, a high powered law firm specializing in personnel matters. Hubner signed the contract June 14, 2016, but it's retroactive to May 18, 2016. LCW charges vary from $200-$350 per hour and began in August, as if Hubner planned to shake up the small staff of the district.
By October, four of the eight employees reached out to a union for protection, three others filed grievances. Today, there are three cases of anticipated litigation associated with personnel.
Hubner not only has no experience with wastewater, he has no idea what he's doing with regard to human resources.
In fact, he's destroyed employee morale, run up legal bills associated with investigations into staff grievances, missed promotions, is directly involved in the trumped up Brown Act Violations against Mayor Hill, and his management style led to charges of racism. A hotshot attorney was hired to mediate the situation; those efforts appear to have failed as he has placed two key employees on paid administrative leave.
When Hubner sought contracting with a new human resources firm, only one responded to the district's request for proposals. Perhaps others were unwilling to walk into the eye-of-the-storm he's created.
Hubner's annual performance review is due. He has failed to fulfill the duties he is contractually obligated to. He is supposed to meet with each board member on a weekly basis, he never has. He was to have brought forth a strategic plan as early as possible, and begin annual reviews of said plan in January. A consultant was hired, but there has been no plan presented.
Hubner was directed to update job descriptions and the personnel policy manual, these things were promised for the April 19 agenda, they're not there.
Hubner had a new website created, but failed to migrate the audio tapes of meetings from the Wallace years. In a staff report for the next agenda he incredibly blames one of the employees he's placed on leave, by name, for the loss of the tapes.
Hubner fails to take any blame. As administrator, the buck stops with him, no matter who did it, he is the ultimate say and is solely responsible.
Worse yet, he makes no effort to offer a solution. These tapes were downloaded from a tape recording device to a computer; they were then uploaded to a web hosting server.
In this day and age of technology, nothing is ever really gone. An expert in information technology, not the districts webmaster and marketing expert, could easily find these tapes if given the direction.
Hubner has made the ‘who-done-it' sideshow the issue. What was on those tapes is the historic verbatim record of what Wallace told his board members as they approved contracts to his engineering firm.
The people who actually run the plant are being threatened and the district is in shambles. The public is done with Hubner, why the board is not, is a mystery.
Loading...
With £168 million up for grabs the National Lottery cameras took to the streets of Belfast to get the answers
· The EuroMillions jackpot has reached an estimated £168M in Friday's draw (6 October). This is the biggest sum ever offered to UK players and a single winner would be the UK and European record holder.
Millionaire Anne Canavan, who won 1M on EuroMillions two years ago this month, with butler Paul Pritchard
· Top spot on The National Lottery rich list is currently held by Colin and Chris Weir from Largs who won £161M in 2011.
· The jackpot is now at its maximum so any money that would have boosted the jackpot, will now be shared among players in the next prize tier with winners. This means the draw is poised to potentially make lots of multi-millionaires most likely players matching five main numbers and just one Lucky Star.
· Giant jackpots like this help raise even more for National Lottery Good Causes. Since EuroMillions started rolling on Tuesday 5 September, it has raised a stunning £55M for projects here in the UK.
· Players are urged to get their tickets earlier than normal and avoid any last minute rush, to be in with a chance of winning this colossal jackpot. Buy online or in retail before 7.30PM.
Andy Carter, The National Lottery's Senior Winners' Adviser, said, “This is one of the biggest draws we've ever seen. Make sure you get your ticket well before the draw closes, either online or at a retailer.
“The extraordinary sum would be life-changing whether won by an individual or syndicate and we have plenty of champagne on ice ready to celebrate. It would enable them to transform their life, as well as the lives of their friends and family, and we are poised to support them from the moment they claim.
SPARTA, N.J. (AP) — A couple who gained notoriety for crashing a New Jersey wedding reception and leaving the newlyweds a card apologizing for their actions said they did it as a lark while on their first date.
Carly Wolfson told WCBS-TV in New York that she sent the bride, Karen Tufo, a Facebook message apologizing for showing up uninvited at the Aug. 6 event in Sparta.
But Tufo — who has said she found the stunt funny and offered to buy the crashers a drink — told her no apology was needed. Wolfson said Tufo also told her that if all "goes well" for her and Ritchie Barry, she'll have to crash their wedding.
Wolfson said she and Barry planned their outfits and created a backstory involving a phony engagement ring. She also said they almost got cold feet about going through with their plans, likening it to a flirtatious game of "chicken."
"(We came) in right behind the bride, like literately right behind her," Wolfson said. "I freak out, shut the doors."
Reception attendees have said Wolfson and Barry were the life of the party, spending a lot of time on the dance floor and sitting at the best man's table. Some guests and members of the wedding party thought they might be crashers, but with everyone caught up in the celebration no one questioned them.
Tufo has said she initially thought Barry was a friend of her new husband who she had not met. She eventually met the actual friend later on in the evening, but said she continually got sidetracked when she thought about questioning the suspected crashers.
The newlyweds learned the truth when they found the greeting card the crashers left them with a dollar bill attached. The handwritten note stated: "Dear Fox's, 1) Congratulations! 2) Sorry for crashing your wedding 3) Best of luck!!"
The two crashers also included a photo of themselves in the outfits they wore in the wedding photos.
In a Facebook note posted the Monday after the wedding, Fox thanked all her guests but made a point of recognizing the crashers and their accomplishments.
"Well played my friends... well played!!! I need to meet these people and buy them a drink. Professional job! You gave us the best wedding present anyone could ever ask for!" Fox wrote.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
» What: Concert featuring Kid Vegas with NaPalm and YaSi. All profits after expenses will go to benefit victims of the Las Vegas shooting.
Collin Bordeaux heard a lot of police sirens. Even for Las Vegas, the noise seemed unusual. He knew something was going on.
A couple hours later, his phone came to life. Friends and family called and texted him to see if he was alive.
Bordeaux, 26, also known as hip-hop artist Kid Vegas who will perform at the Moxi Theater on Saturday, moved to Vegas from Colorado about a month ago to dive into his music career. Vegas was new, he said, but the shooting seemed familiar.
He was a kid when the Columbine shooting happened. Every year the anniversary falls close to his birthday. Years later, he was working late in his studio when news broke about a theater shooting in Aurora, his hometown. His phone lit up late into the night then, too.
So Bordeaux and several other artists will perform at the Moxi Theater, 802 9th St., as a way to help the shooting victims on Saturday. They will donate all the profits from the show.
"Obviously, I'm not the biggest artist in the world," he said in a phone interview, "but you have to use what you've got. "
Recommended Stories For You
Zach Crandall of Greeley is a hip hop promoter who works with Bordeaux. He, too, was motivated to help. He, Bordeaux and the other artists, NaPalm and YaSi, started working together last minute to come up with a plan.
"I was just scrolling through Facebook, seeing pictures of the bodies all over," Crandall said.
Most people, he said, aren't prepared for the cost of those kinds of medical bills or funerals. They've been looking into various charities to donate to and hope to help local folks affected by the shooting.
What struck Bordeaux most was how quickly life in Vegas went back to normal, he said. His mom called him after the shooting and asked about the temperament of the city.
"I was like, 'mom, it's business as usual,'" Bordeaux said. "It's like you wake up like nothing happened."
Those who lost people or those who were there can't do that, Bordeaux said, so he wants to what he can for them.
"It's bigger than music," Bordeaux said. "It's bigger than me. It's mankind. You've got to help each other."
— Kelly Ragan writes features and covers health and nonprofits for The Greeley Tribune. Have a tip? Want to share your story? Call (970) 392-4424, email kragan@greeleytribune.com or connect on Twitter @kelly_raygun.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
May 4 Nikkei:
* Ryohin Keikaku to open Muji hotels in Beijing and Shenzhen in second half of 2017- Nikkei
* "Ryohin Keikaku aims to generate $161.9 million, or more than 40% of its fiscal 2017 operating profit, in East Asia, including China" - Nikkei Source text: (s.nikkei.com/2pZNJ4g) Further company coverage:
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Pyxis Tankers Inc:
* PYXIS TANKERS INC FILES FOR MIXED SHELF OF UP TO $100 MILLION - SEC FILING
* PYXIS TANKERS INC SAYS IN ADDITION, OFFERING OF UP TO 5.23 MILLION SHARES OF CO'S COMMON STOCK BY THE SELLING STOCKHOLDERS Source text - bit.ly/2BGyItU Further company coverage:
"The inky quality suits the mood, which is less a celebration of the night, than a look at its edgier side, with the paint acting like an encroaching darkness creeping through the frames, forming impressions of moments before the images are once again cons"
Borja Santomé proves that a single water colour - in this case black - is anything but boring in his animation of a night out. To start with, the blur of the images makes you think it might be hard to make out the action but soon the paint coalesces into vibrant scenes of life as they unfold across a city's darkened streets.
The inky quality suits the mood, which is less a celebration of the night, than a look at its edgier side, with the paint acting like an encroaching darkness creeping through the frames, forming impressions of moments before the images are once again consumed by the dark.
Santomé - one of a growing number of exciting young filmmakers from Galicia - keeps the paint moving constantly, whether he's showing a bottle fall from the hand of a drunk, a mournful rocker tuning up his guitar for the night or the agitation of a deep fat fryer cooking up dubious late-night pleasures. There is the chatter of revellers but also the jagged anger of broken glass and shattered hopes.
The animator's work is stylised and highly distinctive, his mood intense and his accomplishment in no doubt.
Share this with others on... Delicious
Delicious Digg
Digg Facebook
Facebook reddit
reddit StumbleUpon
Reviewed on: 17 Apr 2017
RIYADH May 2 Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund, its top sovereign wealth fund, will make half of its investments in the domestic economy, Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said on Tuesday.
In a nationally televised interview discussing the government's economic policies, Prince Mohammed also said authorities would announce a housing programme in the third quarter of this year.
The government will provide over 1 million housing units through soft loans or the Saudi Real Estate Development Fund, he said without giving a time frame.
Prince Mohammed said the government was committed to providing medical treatment to its citizens but would not necessarily manage hospitals. (Reporting by Riyadh team; Writing by Andrew Torchia)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Lax fire protection and safety measures in New Zealand apartment buildings are putting the lives of occupants and emergency service workers at dire risk, a property watchdog warns.
homeowners and Buyers Association of NZ (Hobanz) president John Gray says his organisation holds "grave concerns" for the safety of the nation's apartment and terraced housing complexes, many of which suffer from "a lack of proper fire rating and fire protection".
"In our view it's the negligence, in fact the wilful negligence, on the part of designers, builders and certifiers at the time when these buildings were built.
"These weren't mistakes. It's not an error. These were a wilful or negligent act to save costs."
Advertisement
His comments follow horrific images from a London tower block fire that has so far cost at least a dozen lives.
The inferno consumed the building, forcing occupants to jump from window. Some people are blaming the building's cladding for the speed at which the fire spread and there are questions around the buildings fire alarm and sprinkler systems.
Speaking on Newstalk ZB, Gray defended his comments as "the truth".
"We have evidence to prove that the buildings [here] have been structurally unsound. They've been unsound from a fire safety perspective. These buildings have had a life safety risk so we've gone well beyond the leaky homes issues."
The leaky buildings fiasco had been the catalyst for identifying fire safety problems, Gray said, as buildings with weathertightness problems were opened up for remediation work, revealing other failings.
But Hobanz feared for the thousands of buildings that had not undergone remediation work and posed potential life-threatening risks to owners, tenants and emergency service workers in the event of a fire.
"We have endeavoured to get government to take a closer look. We've event been in touch with the New Zealand Fire Service because we have some concerns about the safety of their personnel when they enter these buildings."
Gray said many apartment buildings did not have the proper protective steel coating to "delay defamation" of the steel and prevent buildings collapsing during an intense fire".
[The coating] gives the rescue services time to go into the buildings and pull people out.
The fire service actually acknowledged that they were aware of that risk and had reduced the time ... inside these buildings because of the risk.
"It's known but we're only capturing the buildings that are remediated. What we're not seeing is a concerted effort to ensure that all of those other buildings that haven't been touched by way of leaky building remediation are being audited and that fire rating and fire protection issues are properly identified."
(Repeats with no changes. John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2p10Ih8
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2oSQUu5
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2p4eu32
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2pDvctm
By John Kemp
LONDON, May 2 Hedge funds are losing faith that OPEC can accelerate the rebalancing of the oil market even if the group agrees to extend output cuts when it meets later this month.
Hedge funds and other money managers cut their combined net long position in the three main futures and options contracts linked to Brent and WTI by 139 million barrels in the week to April 25 (tmsnrt.rs/2p10Ih8).
The reduction was one of the largest weekly falls on record, and reverses a cumulative increase of 140 million barrels over the previous three weeks, according to data from regulators and exchanges (tmsnrt.rs/2oSQUu5).
Fund managers are now much less bullish about the outlook for crude oil prices than they were back at the start of the year.
Bullish long positions outnumber bearish short positions by a ratio of 4:1, down from 7:1 at the start of the year and a peak of more than 10:1 in late February (tmsnrt.rs/2p4eu32).
The number of long positions has fallen to the lowest level since before OPEC announced its output agreement on Nov. 30 (tmsnrt.rs/2pDvctm).
At the same time, the number of short positions has been trending higher since late February, despite periodic short-covering rallies.
Fund managers have become less bullish despite increasingly strong indications from OPEC that it will roll over production cuts for another six months.
Traders no longer believe the cuts will be enough to rebalance the market in the second half of the year even if they are extended.
In the three months from the end of November to the end of February, fund managers increasingly bet OPEC's output cuts would work.
An informal understanding between OPEC and the hedge fund community helped boost prices and give oil producers an early payback.
But the continued rise in reported crude stocks and the futures market's failure to switch from contango to backwardation has forced a reassessment.
In addition, the continued rise in shale drilling has created concerns about a big increase in oil production from the United States later in the year.
Since March, hedge fund managers have increasingly wagered OPEC's rebalancing effort will fail, weighing on prices.
Hedge funds are now less bullish even though prices are lower, which shows how much confidence in the OPEC/non-OPEC accord has fallen.
Simply announcing OPEC and non-OPEC compliance figures and an extension of the agreement is no longer enough.
Traders and fund managers are demanding evidence the agreement is working in the form of a reduction in reported stockpiles and a cut in tanker exports.
Crude stocks typically fall during the third quarter owing to the summer driving season in the United States and an increase in direct crude burning in Saudi Arabia and Iraq.
Traders and fund managers will likely evaluate OPEC's extended agreement on whether stocks fall more than normal this year and if crude loadings in the Middle East Gulf actually drop between June and September.
(Editing by David Evans)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Share This: Daisy Ridley Says ‘Quite A Few' Questions About Rey Are Answered In Star Wars: The Last Jedi Crystal
The first teaser trailer for Star Wars: The Last Jedi confirmed one very important thing: Luke Skywalker can speak! (Did you think the film was really going to be two hours of Rey and Luke staring at each other on the cliffs of Ahch-To?) Of course that doesn't mean Rey is going to like what the world-weary Jedi Master has to say.
MTV's Josh Horowitz caught up with Daisy Ridley at Star Wars Celebration on Friday (April 14), and she hinted at the Master and Padawan's rocky working relationship ahead.
“There were all these expectations on Luke right from the beginning—This is your calling, this is what you have to do, you have to train. And then clearly something's taken him away,” she said. “In a way, they're both similar, but she's very much looking up to him to be this thing that she thinks he is, and a long time's past.”
Reasons for Luke's self-imposed exile won't be the only mystery explained in director Rian Johnson's “darker” Episode VIII. With the eighth instalment of the Star Wars saga diving into Rey's backstory, there's a good chance Rey's parentage will finally be revealed. When asked if she was surprised to find out who Rey's parents were, the actress confirmed that there are a few surprises in store for fans.
“I did some ADR last week, and I saw a little clip of something that I didn't know was going to be in it,” she said. “So I think quite a few questions that people have are answered in this.”
If The Last Jedi can surprise Ridley, then we're all in for some major revelations. So buckle up, Chewie. It's going to be one hell of an emotional ride.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
ANDY MATSKO / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Mahanoy City's Dylan Davidson delivers a pitch to Orwigsburg during the first inning of Tuesday's District 24 10-12 Tournament's Pool 3 game. ANDY MATSKO / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Mahanoy City's Ethan Manley beats the throw to first base with Orwigsburg's John Dunkel taking the throw during Tuesday's District 24 Little League 10-12-year-old all-star game.
MAHANOY CITY — With the game and the Pool 3 championship well in hand, Orwigsburg manager Vern Kleckner used several pitchers during Tuesday's District 24 Little League 10-12-year-old Tournament game against Mahanoy City.
Orwigsburg used four hurlers and dominated Mahanoy City 15-2 in four innings at Dr. Mark Holland Little League Field.
Kleckner said using so many pitchers was the plan all along.
“We just tried to get all of our pitchers some work tonight because we don't know who we're starting on Friday,” Kleckner said, referring to the quarterfinal round's home game against Pool 1 runner-up Tri-Valley.
Orwigsburg entered Tuesday's game with a quarterfinal berth assured.
Mahanoy City, which had won its first two games before falling to Pine Grove/Tremont on Sunday, could have clinched Pool 3's other quarterfinal spot by beating Orwigsburg.
Instead, Orwigsburg scored nine runs in the first inning to take command, while Pine Grove/Tremont defeated Line Mountain 16-3 in four innings.
That allowed Pine Grove/Tremont to edge Mahanoy City 24-37 in fewer runs allowed in pool play to get the berth. Pine Grove/Tremont will go to Cressona for Friday's 5:30 p.m. quarterfinal.
“That's OK. It was a successful year and we'll work with these kids in the future,” Mahanoy City manager Kenny Soult said.
He said Mahanoy City Little League graduated 23 players — 10 on the all-star team — this year and some of whom will play at the next level next season.
Orwigsburg will bring a potent offense into Friday's game. The squad piled up 14 hits in Tuesday's victory.
“I think we did kind of see it coming after looking at the rest of the games in the pool,” Kleckner said. “We're ready to go. We're amped up.”
In the first inning, Orwigsburg sent 13 batters to the plate and collected eight hits, three walks and an error. The hits included two-run singles by Luke MacDonald and Isaac Thomas and a two-run double by Vern Kleckner Jr. Aiden Grace scored twice in the inning, while Arjun Patel had two hits.
Mahanoy Area replaced starting hurler Dylan Davidson with Lucas Karnish in the opening inning. Karnish pitched the rest of the way.
After going scoreless in the second inning, Orwigsburg plated four runs in the third. Two scored on RBI singles by MacDonald and Kleckner, while Cole Schaeffer doubled home another run. An error scored the fourth run.
While the rally put the 10-run rule into effect, Orwigsburg scored twice more in the fourth on Gavin Eichert's RBI single and McDonald's RBI groundout.
MacDonald went 2-for-4 with two runs scored and four RBIs. He was joined with two hits each in the game by Patel, Schaeffer, Kleckner and Thomas.
Orwigsburg was nearly as dominant on the mound.
“Pre-game, we didn't warm up well,” Soult said of Mahanoy City. “You could see the demeanor in them. They just weren't taking it serious. They're kids, so we'll move on.”
Ty Kaunas and Schaeffer each pitched one inning and retired Mahanoy City in order.
With Eichert on the bump, Mahanoy City's Ethan Manley broke up the no-hit bid in the third with an infield single. He was erased on a forceout at second base, but Levi Terry then stole second base and scored on Jace Yedsena's single to break up the shutout.
Karnish then hit his second home run in two games to center field in the fourth.
“He likes to be the guy to put them over the fence and he has the power to do so,” Soult said.
After watching his four pitchers, Kleckner wasn't ready to choose his starter for Friday's game.
“It's a bad problem to have,” Kleckner said. “... Our strongest defensive team will be on the field.”
Contact the writer: ccurley@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6019; @ChuckCurley on Twitter
Game Summary
District 24 Little League Tournament
10-12 Pool 3
Orw (4-0) 904 2 — 15 14 0
MC (2-2) 001 1 — 2 3 2
Kaunas, Schaeffer (2), Eichert (3), Thomas (4) and Kleckner, Patel (4); Davidson, Karnish (1) and Manley. W — Kaunas. L — Davidson.
HITS: Orwigsburg — Grace, Patel 2, Eichert, MacDonald 2, Schaeffer 2, Kleckner 2, Jacobson, Thomas 2, McGhee. Mahanoy City — Yedsena, Karnish, Manley.
2B — Schaeffer, Kleckner. HR — Karnish.
District 24 LL Quarterfinals
Friday's games
(All games start at 5:30 p.m.)
Pine Grove at Cressona
Tri-Valley at Orwigsburg
Shenandoah at Ashland
Minersville at Pottsville
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
EM ASIA FX- Most Asian currencies edge up as U.S. inflation data dents dollar
(Adds details, updates prices) By Susan Mathew June 15 Most Asian currencies edged higher on Thursday, buoyed by a retreating dollar as U.S. inflation data was weaker than expected, leaving investors doubting there will be a third rate hike this year by the Federal Reserve. A Washington Post report saying a special counsel is investigating U.S. President Donald Trump for possible obstruction of justice added to the weakness in the U.S. currency. The dollar index, whi
LONDON, April 6 Two former Barclays traders were on Thursday acquitted by a jury of conspiring to rig crucial benchmark interest rates.
Ryan Reich, a 35-year-old American, and Greek national Stylianos Contogoulas, 45, walked free after their second trial on a charge of conspiracy to defraud. The first jury to examine their case could not reach a verdict last year, although four Barclays co-defendants were jailed.
The verdicts, which were unanimous, bring to eight the number of defendants who have been acquitted in a five-year, UK criminal investigation into whether bankers acted dishonestly when they tried to influence benchmark interest rates.
The Serious Fraud Office had accused Reich and Contogoulas of plotting with other Barclays staff between June 2005 and September 2007 to skew Libor (London interbank offered rate), a central cog in the financial system and benchmark for rates on around $450 trillion of financial contracts and loans worldwide.
Barclays was the first of 11 powerful banks and brokerages to be slapped with a fine for Libor misconduct in 2012, sparking a political backlash that forced out senior executives including former CEO Bob Diamond, prompted the SFO investigation and new laws to criminalise rate rigging. (Reporting By Kirstin Ridley; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)
U.S. lawmaker Scalise in critical condition after attack by gunman at baseball field
ALEXANDRIA, Va. Congressman Steve Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, was in critical condition on Wednesday night after he and three others were shot as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 9 Spain's Sergio Garcia won the U.S. Masters at the first playoff hole on Sunday to land his long-awaited first major title.
Garcia and England's Justin Rose finished tied on nine under par at the end of the fourth round.
Garcia birdied the first playoff hole and Rose made bogey. (Reporting by Ed Osmond, editing by Frank Pingue)
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday the U.S. government had no doubt that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was responsible for a chemical weapons attack that killed scores of civilians and he urged Russia to reconsider its support for the regime.
"It is very important that the Russian government consider carefully their continued support for the Assad regime," Tillerson told reporters as he arrived in Florida for discussions with Chinese officials.
"There is no doubt in our minds, and the information we have supports that Syria, the Syria regime under the leadership of President Bashar al-Assad are responsible for this attack," he said, adding that there was no role for Assad in Syria in the future.
(Reporting by David Alexander in Washington; Editing by Eric Beech)
Global Foley Catheter Market: Overview
A catheter is a flexible tube that is inserted into a body cavity for removing fluids. Catheters are consistently improving in terms of technology, and their scope of application in the health care industry is increasing. The rise in incidence of various chronic diseases, cardiovascular and urological ailments, and diabetes has propelled demand for catheters across the industry. Catheters are used for diagnostic and treatment purposes in various therapeutic areas. For example, in urology, collection of uncontaminated urine specimen, monitoring of urine output, and imaging of the urinary tract are widely performed using urological catheters.
Download Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=40913
A Foley catheter is a of type of catheter that is used after urological surgeries to help ease of urination in conditions such as prostate hypertrophy, nerve-related bladder dysfunction, narrowing of the urethra, and prostate cancer. It is also known as indwelling catheter and is introduced into the bladder to drain urine. It includes a balloon that holds the catheter in the bladder at one end. The urine is drained into a collection bag by using a catheter tube. Foley catheters can be used for prolonged periods of time, such as for weeks or a month.
Global Foley Catheter Market: Drivers and Restraints
The global Foley catheter market is expected to expand significantly in the near future due to rise in prevalence of urologic diseases. An article published by CamStent Ltd. stated that among all hospitalized patients in the U.S., over 25% receive urinary catheterization for proper bladder drainage each year. In addition, new product launches, research and development activities in the field of catheters, hospitalization, large product portfolio of companies operating in the market, increase in demand for catheters, and their wide acceptance from emerging markets are estimated to fuel the global Foley catheter market during the forecast period. On the other hand, potential risks associated with the use of Foley catheters and presence of alternative treatments for urinary incontinence are projected to restrain the global Foley catheter market in the near future.
Enquiry for discount on this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=40913
Global Foley Catheter Market: Key Segments
The global Foley catheter market can be segmented based on type, material latex, end-user, and geography. In terms of type, the Foley catheter market can be classified into 2- way Foley catheters, 3- way Foley catheters, and 4- way Foley catheters. In terms of revenue, the 2- way Foley catheters segment is likely to be dominant in the near future due to their relatively low price, reusability, and mass acceptance in hospitals and outpatient settings. Based on material latex, the Foley catheter market can be divided into silicone, Polytetrafluoroethylene PTFE (Teflon) coated latex, hydrophilic polymer coated latex, silicone elastomer coated latex, and others. In terms of end-user, the Foley catheter market, can be split into hospitals, medical research centers, and ambulatory surgery centers.
Based on geography, the Foley catheter market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominated the global Foley catheter market in 2016 because of large R&D investments and advanced product development. Asia Pacific is likely to be a highly attractive region of the global Foley catheter market during the forecast period due to rise in health care expenditure and a rapid increase in prevalence of various urologic diseases in the region.
Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/foley-catheter-market.html
Global Foley Catheter Market: Key Players
Key players operating in the global Foley catheter market are B. Braun Melsungen AG, Coloplast Ltd, Cook Medical, Teleflex Incorporated, Medline Industries, Inc., Medtronic, C. R. Bard, Inc., and other prominent players. In order to gain competitive advantage in the industry, the major players are actively involved in various expansion strategies. Collaborations, partnerships, agreements, and new product launches are some of the important strategies adopted by market players.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.
Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through adhoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem-solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.
TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision.
US Office Contact
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
By Bryony Gordon
When Bryony Gordon invited the prince to speak about mental health, she was expecting pre-checked PR speak. What she got was pure honesty.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
There was a moment, waiting for Prince Harry to arrive, that I had to pinch myself. It wasn't so much that I was about to interview a senior royal, though it would be a lie to say that I wasn't massively overexcited about getting to spend time in a small room with the most eligible bachelor on the planet.
It was more what I was about to interview that senior royal about.
In the bland, sanitised landscape that we find ourselves in, where the high-profile trot out pre-checked platitudes cooked up by public relations people and provocateurs respond by saying things simply to wind people up, it has become increasingly hard to get anyone to say anything genuinely interesting or heartfelt.
READ MORE
• Prince Harry on the death of his mother: 'I shut down my emotions for almost two decades'
• Celebrities and well-wishers praise 'brave' Prince Harry for helping to remove mental health stigma
• Harry's 20-year journey to turn his pain into pathway to help others
And yet here I was, twiddling my thumbs in Kensington Palace, waiting for a member of the Royal family to talk to me about his mental health.
Was this really happening? I mean really really?
Were we finally living in an era where even a representative of one of the most buttoned-up, traditional institutions on the planet might feel able to talk about the troubles in his head?
To call it a watershed moment might sound dramatic. But not to anyone who has ever had to suffer the complexities of mental illness in stifled, suffocating silence.
Continued below.
Related Content Celebrities and well-wishers praise 'brave' Prince Harry for helping to remove mental health stigma Harry's 20-year journey to turn his pain into pathway to help others Video Watch : Prince Harry talks about the loss of his mother
I've told this story a fair few times before so will keep it as brief as possible, you're not reading this to hear about me after all.
When I was 12, and the only things I should have been worrying about were boys and periods and quadratic equations, I woke up one morning convinced I was dying of Aids.
I had not so much as shared a kiss with anyone by this point. My drug problem was at least a decade off.
But all the rational thinking in the world, and as time went on, I would become less capable of it, was useless when pitched against the voice in my head that told me I had weeks to live.
I stopped hugging or touching my family and friends so that I didn't infect them. I hid my toothbrush under my pillow. I tried to scrub all the disease away from my skin, leaving it red raw and bleeding.
For weeks at a time, I was too frightened to leave the house.
Then, at 17, I became convinced that I had killed someone and blanked it out in shock.
Suddenly entire swathes of vocabulary were out of bounds to me. I could neither read nor say words such as "rape", "murder", "death", "paedophile", "killer", "porn", "sex"... and on and on it went.
If I saw any of these words, I had to say several positive ones in my head because ... well, I don't know what. I would become a serial killer, a paedophile, be raped?
I started saying phrases to keep my family alive. If I thought I had got them wrong I would spend hours repeating them until they were perfect. They never were.
I was diagnosed with OCD, an illness I thought was the preserve of celebrities and clean freaks, an illness I would soon discover to be horribly debilitating, and sometimes disabling.
But mental illness was still not taken that seriously back then, and so after shuffling from therapist to therapist and popping some antidepressants, I would fall back into what I now refer to as my ''old'' ways: cocaine, bulimia, sex.
(''Old'' is somewhat misleading: as anyone in recovery knows, old ways are very good at making themselves appear fresh at any given moment).
It wasn't until I was 34 - 34! - that I finally got proper help and, shortly after, I wrote about my experiences for the first time. It was, bar getting pregnant and marrying my husband, one of the best things I have ever done. (To be fair, the list of good things I had done were, until that point, vanishingly small).
Hundreds of Telegraph readers wrote to me with their well wishes, but most importantly their stories. All of them were putting their hands up and saying "me too!" if not OCD, then some other form of mental illness. I realised then how completely and utterly normal it was to feel weird.
I wrote a book of my experiences, Mad Girl ("It's going to be an upbeat book about depression!" I told my editor cheerfully, before promptly suffering another breakdown.)
In the depths of despair once more, I started running, albeit briefly, just until I looked like I had been in the glare of a nuclear bomb. On one of these runs I was listening to a podcast about Carson McCullers, author of The Heart Is A Lonely Hunter.
McCullers made several attempts at suicide and died of alcoholism at 50.
There was some archive audio footage in which she announced "sometimes it feels like everyone is part of a 'We' except for me".
I'd like to say it stopped me in my tracks, but probably I was just out of breath. But I did find it profoundly affecting.
I went home, and decided to find Carson's "We" by using social media to set up a walk in central London for people who felt they had issues with their mental health ("But what if a load of nutters turn up?" asked my husband. "That's the point, darling, that's the point!")
At around the same time I and a small group of mad girls and boys were setting up Mental Health Mates, it's now in almost 30 locations across the UK, it was announced that Heads Together would be the official charity of the Virgin London Marathon 2017. That takes place next week. I don't know if I've mentioned, but I will be running it.
It felt like a sign - I had to take part in the world's first mental health marathon. What I couldn't have known was what an incredible, life-changing experience the journey to the start line has been.
Who cares what happens over the 26.2-mile course, given everything that has been achieved in the run up to it?
Heads Together was set up by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry to change the conversation about mental health.
But actually, it has created a conversation about mental health, one in which everyone from footballers to new mums has found themselves publicly talking about the stuff in their heads.
It has been the most wonderful thing to witness and the most extraordinary thing to be part of, this process of people turning huge negatives into massive positives.
I was over the moon when Heads Together became one of the Telegraph's Christmas charities.
The response we have had from readers has been so phenomenal that at the beginning of this year, in a soulless meeting room in Victoria, a group of senior Telegraph executives (and me), made a commitment to create a permanent area on the Telegraph's website dedicated to everything related to mental health.
Changing Minds is the result of that: A one-stop shop for advice, articles and a comprehensive list of crisis numbers.
Mad World is my little contribution to it, a podcast that I hope will allow people to talk about their mental health in much the same way in which we do the football scores down the pub.
The medium seemed so perfect to me: warm, intimate, in your head. I thought that maybe I might manage to bag a Professor Green or a Stephen Fry.
Then, at a training day for Heads Together runners last February, I found myself being interviewed with the broadcaster Sian Williams about why we were doing the marathon.
Sian, who has done several before, became emotional as she spoke about her nervousness at running for the first time after recovering from breast cancer.
"Don't make me cry!" she pleaded. "There are cameras on me!"
She hadn't noticed the fifth in line to the throne, who was standing to the side of one of the crew, watching us talk.
"I think Prince Harry should give you a hug," I beamed, somewhat insanely, beckoning him over. He did as he was told, before engaging us in a conversation about depressed people being the best marathon runners.
On the way home I was overwhelmed, not for the first time, with the desire to do something mad.
I decided to ask if Prince Harry would be the first guest. What did I have to lose?
I called up Kensington Palace and put in the request. A couple of weeks later I got the news that His Royal Highness would be delighted to. I had a little cry at my desk.
I had no idea, when I arrived at Kensington Palace, that Prince Harry was going to be so candid.
I thought that he might perhaps talk obliquely about the importance of discussing mental health.
Instead, it was like having a cup of tea with a friend who had been through a particularly difficult time, and lived to tell the tale.
He did so movingly and articulately. There was no sense that he was inviting pity. He was simply telling it like it is, like it had been. He did all of this while managing to be funny. I got the sense that Prince Harry has precious little time for those who wallow in sad music.
I think this interview is special not because it's a scoop or an exclusive. I don't think this interview is special because I happened to do it. I think it is special because in Britain, we don't talk about our feelings.
We have bitten our lips, slapped on rictus grins, kept buggering on.
It has always been a sign of strength and dignity to keep it all inside, and our Royal family have always been the embodiment of that, God bless them.
But Prince Harry just redefined strength and dignity for a new generation. He has shown the world that talking about your problems is nothing to be ashamed of - that actually, it is something to be positively encouraged. And I can think of no more fitting tribute to his mother than that.
• Bryony Gordon is a journalist for The Daily Telegraph UK.
Where to get help:
• Lifeline: 0800 543 354 (available 24/7)
• Suicide Crisis Helpline: 0508 828 865 (0508 TAUTOKO) (available 24/7)
• Youthline: 0800 376 633
• Kidsline: 0800 543 754 (available 24/7)
• Whatsup: 0800 942 8787 (1pm to 11pm)
• Depression helpline: 0800 111 757 (available 24/7)
• Rainbow Youth: (09) 376 4155
• Samaritans 0800 726 666
• If it is an emergency and you feel like you or someone else is at risk, call 111.
- Daily Telegraph UK
With the very beautiful and hard as nails @SashaBanksWWE. Thanks for making sure there weren't any shadows pic.twitter.com/QckXdudxBK
— Varun Dhawan (@Varun_dvn) December 9, 2017
With the Very humble and down to earth @JinderMahal @WWEIndia. Excited about the show pic.twitter.com/v2WEAFVjZs
— Varun Dhawan (@Varun_dvn) December 9, 2017
Actor Varun Dhawan was excited about attending here the WWE Live India where he met popular wrestlers Sasha Banks and Triple H."With the very beautiful and hard as nails Sasha Banks. Thanks for making sure there weren't any shadows," Varun wrote alongside a selfie with Banks.He later shared a photograph with the Indo-Canadian wrestler Jinder Mahal and described him as humble."With the very humble and down-to-earth Jinder Mahal... Excited about the show," he tweeted.Popular wrestler Triple H said it was great meeting the "Badrinath Ki Dulhania" star and added: "Hope you enjoyed your first time in a WWE ring!"Varun, an ardent fan of WWE, even took photographs with Triple H.The WWE Live event was held at the Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium on Saturday.Paul Michael Levesque, better known by the ring name Triple H, defeated former champion Jinder Mahal in the marquee clash of the WWE Live event at the Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium in New Delhi on Saturday.In the final match of the event, Jinder and Triple H displayed their class and entertained the jam-packed stadium, which was rooting more for the Triple H.Initially it was all Jinder. The Indo-Canadian boxer thrashed Triple H all over the ring. He was also helped by the Singh Brothers but soon, the 48-year-old US player bounced back and started troubling the 31-year-old Jinder.Triple H also displayed his signature moves.Jinder survived Triple H's finishing move once but at the end, the US player again came up with that move and sealed the match. Triple H grabbed and twisted Jinder's arms behind him and slammed him on to the mat to finish the match.After losing the match, when Jinder was walking away, Triple H called him back to the ring and praised him.Triple H also said India is in good hands and despite criticism, the Indo-Canadian player has earned his respect. (WATCH JINDER MAHAL AND TRIPLE H PERFORM 'BHANGRA') Mahal, on the other hand, thanked people in Punjabi and Hindi and promised that the next time WWE comes to India, he will be the champion.In the other matches of the event, India's Jeet Rama and Kishan Rafter won their tag team match.In another big tag team match, The Shield consisting of Roman Reigns, Seth Rollins and Dean Ambrose defeated Samoa Joe, Sheamus and Cesaro.In WWE Raw Womens' Championship match, Alexa Bliss overpowered Sasha Banks.Kane, who was up against Braun Strowman in another match, disqualified from the match as he brought chairs and tables into the contest.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
BRIEF-System1 says current role of COO being split into specialist leadership roles
* As part of preparations to become larger marketing services company, current role of COO is being split into specialist leadership roles
Flying coach for 3 or 4 hours can be tiresome. What about a nearly 19 hour non-stop flight, Singapore to New York? Cramp City?
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
The Comanche County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) is entering the initial stage of the 2017 County FSA Committee Election, according to Robert E. Payne, Comanche County FSA executive director.
Comanche County farmers and ranchers will nominate and elect an individual to serve a three-year term on the local FSA county committee.
The FSA county committee sets rental rates for the Conservation Reserve Program. It approves crop loans by reviewing individual cases and decide the applicability of other programs like the Livestock Disaster Assistance Programs or the Emergency Conservation Program.
Additionally, the committee supervises the operations of the county office, including the hiring of the county executive director who delivers FSA programs. During a disaster, the county committee is responsible for administering FSA's emergency programs. When there's a question about the fairness of the application of programs, it's the county committee that helps resolve the issues.
Generally, the county committee meets monthly for four to eight hours. County committee members will be reimbursed for their vehicle expenses to attend the meetings, at the current rate of 53.5 cents a mile. Currently, county committee members are paid at a rate of $17.26 per hour.
The Comanche County Farm Service Agency is accepting nominations for the county committee election for Local Administrative Area (LAA) No. 3, which is all Comanche County land located in: Sections 1-17, 20-27, 35-36 of Township 4 North, Range 14 West; all sections of Township 4 North, Range 13 West; Sections 1-6 and 12 of Township 3 North, Range 13 West; all sections of Township 4 North, Range 12 West; Sections 1-20 of Township 3 North, Range 12 West; all sections of Township 4 North, Range 11 West; Sections 4-9 and 16-18 of Township 3 North, Range 11 West; all sections of Township 4 North, Range 10 West; Sections 1-5, 8-17, 20-29 and 32-36 of Township 3 North, Range 10 West; and all sections of Township 4 North, Range 9 West.
Eligible voters in LAA No. 3 may place nominees on the slate of nominees. An individual who has an interest in a farm or ranch in LAA No. 3 may also place his or her own name on the slate of nominees. To place a nominee on the slate of nominees, a nomination form must be completed, signed by the preparer if completed by someone other than the nominee, and the nominee must sign the form indicating a willingness to serve. Completed nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the Comanche County FSA office by close of business Aug. 1.
Playing in the Europa League final in Sweden next month would be the "perfect" way to end a difficult season for Manchester United, manager Jose Mourinho has said ahead of his side's quarter-final second leg against Anderlecht on Thursday.
With United struggling for consistency in the league and struggling to finish in the top four, winning the Europa League would bring the club not only a trophy they have never won but also an automatic berth in next season's Champions League.
Mourinho's side are currently fifth in the Premier League on 60 points, four behind Manchester City but with a game in hand. Only the top four finishers are assured entry to Europe's elite club competition.
"It will be the perfect end to the season," Mourinho, who took over at United last May, told British media.
"A difficult season, lots of matches, trying to build a team, trying to recover a certain mentality, trying to finish the season playing a European final.
"It will be the perfect finale for Manchester United."
Mourinho added that reaching the final would also be a good way for striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to end his season.
The 35-year-old, who is United's leading scorer this season, is set to be honoured with a statue at the Friends Arena in his native Sweden where the final will be played.
"For Zlatan it would be fantastic to play the final in Stockholm, in his country. It would be beautiful," Mourinho added.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Larry Fink, Chief Executive Officer of BlackRock, takes part in the Yahoo Finance All Markets Summit in New York, U.S., February 8, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK BlackRock Inc (BLK.N), the world's largest asset manager, cut total compensation for Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Larry Fink by 1 percent in 2016, according to a filing on Thursday.
Fink was awarded $25.5 million in compensation last year, compared with $25.8 million in 2015, based on a calculation of his pay in line with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines.
But the BlackRock board committee that oversees compensation said Fink's pay for the year declined "modestly," by 2 percent, according to its calculations. Those figures differ because BlackRock reports some incentive pay in a different year.
The company's president, Rob Kapito, was paid $19.6 million, according to the calculations required by regulators. Both Kapito and Fink were among BlackRock's founders in 1988.
BlackRock earlier cut its annual employee bonuses by 2 to 4 percent for 2016, according to a person familiar with the matter.
BlackRock's stock rose 11.8 percent in price terms during 2016. That compares to an 8.4 percent rise for a Thomson Reuters index that includes 26 of its industry rivals in the United States .TRXFLDUSPINVM.
Net income of New York-based BlackRock fell 5 percent in 2016 to nearly $3.2 billion even as assets the company managed grew by 11 percent to $5.1 trillion.
Investment managers have been pressured by a move to lower-cost funds.
BlackRock's iShares unit, which offers relatively low-fee exchange-traded funds that track the markets, reeled in $140 billion last year.
Fink is often quoted for his views on the markets and corporate governance, and is listed among "The World's Best CEOs" by the newspaper Barron's.
The company is slated to report first-quarter earnings next week.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Tom Brown and Chris Reese)
March 30 Cellectar Biosciences Inc:
* After much anticipation, Cellectar Biosciences initiates NCI-supported phase ii trial of CLR 131 in multiple myeloma and other blood cancers
* Cellectar Biosciences-study will be conducted in up to 15 centers in U.S. for patients with variety of orphan-designated relapse or refractory hematologic cancers
* Cellectar Biosciences Inc - Cellectar will receive approximately $2 million in a non-dilutive grant to help fund trial from national cancer institute
* Cellectar Biosciences Inc - initial efficacy data from study expected as early as second half of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds background, analyst comment, share reaction)
HELSINKI, March 28 Finland's Nokian Tyres on Tuesday appointed long-standing board member Hille Korhonen as its new chief executive.
The company, one of Europe's most Russia-exposed firms due to its large tyre plant near St Petersburgh, lost CEO Ari Lehtoranta to smaller Finnish firm Caverion last year, creating uncertainty about its future.
Korhonen has been a board member at Nokian since 2006. She currently works as CEO of Finland's national alcoholic beverage retail monopoly Alko.
"We conducted an extensive international recruitment process ... Hille Korhonen brings extensive leadership experience and excellent brand expertise to this position”, Chairman Petteri Wallden said in a statement.
Korhonen will start as CEO in June.
Nokian's sales were hit by the Ukraine crisis, a slowdown in the Russian economy and a weakening of the rouble, but it has managed to offset lost business by growing in North America and central Europe.
The company is expecting moderate growth in Russia this year, saying its key market is showing signs of stabilising.
"It's a good, neutral choice. The company is in good shape, and she's likely to continue in Lehtoranta's footsteps," said Sauli Vilen, an analyst at Inderes Equity Research.
"As a board member she knows the company well, but the question is, what new she has to offer," added Vilen, who has a 'reduce' recommendation on the shares.
The stock was broadly flat in afternoon trading in Helsinki.
Nokian appointed the head of its Russian operations, Andrei Pantioukhov, as interim CEO in December, but said he was not considered for the role permanently. He will continue to lead the Russian business from June. (Reporting by Tuomas Forsell; Editing by Greg Mahlich and Mark Potter)
LONDON, April 5 JP Morgan said on Wednesday that Michele Colocci will rejoin the investment bank from rival Morgan Stanley to co-lead Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) industry coverage with Harry Hampson.
He will also co-head healthcare investment banking globally along with Jeff Stute, an internal memo from the bank said.
Colocci, who will start at JP Morgan in London in July, is leaving his role as global co-head of healthcare investment banking and chairman of EMEA mergers and acquisitions at Morgan Stanley. (Reporting by Dasha Afanasieva; editing by Jason Neely)
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
May 3 Genpact Ltd:
* Genpact adds deep insurance end-to-end claims management expertise with acquisition of BrightClaim
* Terms of deal are not disclosed
* As part of transaction, Genpact will acquire delivery centers in Atlanta, GA and Austin, TX
* Acquired BrightClaim and their associated company National Vendor Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Algeria under pressure to reform after oil price drop
* Government seeks new funding sources
* Islamic finance may help tap huge informal economy
* State banks plan to offer Islamic products in coming months
* Interest-free loan announced but no details yet
By Hamid Ould Ahmed
ALGIERS, April 12 When experts in Islamic banking gathered earlier this year at a state-run hotel in Algiers to share their experiences on sharia-compliant finance, no one from the government showed up.
But despite this hesitancy - government officials are reluctant even to refer to Islamic finance by that name - Algeria is edging slowly towards offering banking services to suit more religiously conservative investors.
The object is to attract funds from a huge pool of cash held outside the formal banking system as Algeria looks for more ways to offset the sharp fall in oil prices and its energy revenues.
Finance Minister Hadji Baba Ammi has already announced plans for the country's first local bond that is interest-free, complying with sharia law which forbids interest payments - although he called the scheme "participative" rather than Islamic.
Now six state-run banks plan to start Islamic financial services by the end of the year or in early 2018, and a national sharia board that would oversee Islamic banking is also planned by the end of 2017, banking and government sources told Reuters.
Algeria's Islamic finance plan still faces huge barriers. It lacks a legal framework and technical expertise, and officials must navigate sensitivities over any perceived revival of political Islam after a 1990s war with armed Islamist militants in which 200,000 people died.
On top of such concerns, any kind of reform is often delayed in Algeria by heavy bureaucracy and inertia, but bankers are keen to push ahead with the idea.
"Financial institutions must be more dynamic and aggressive in the market by allowing Islamic products to grow," said Nasser Haider, head of Bahrain-owned Al Salam Bank Algeria. "Regulation has not been a hurdle for Islamic finance in Algeria, but a legal framework would help its development."
With the economy emerging from decades of centralised control, Algeria badly needs alternatives to the energy revenues that have traditionally financed 60 percent of the budget.
The plunge in global crude prices from mid-2014 halved earnings from exports of oil and gas. In 2015 the budget deficit shot up to 16 percent of Algeria's annual gross domestic product (GDP) and the government is estimated to have narrowed the gap only to 15 percent last year.
A state fund intended to cover such deficits plunged 59.5 percent over the course of last year while foreign exchange reserves are estimated to have dropped to $114 billion by the end of 2016 from $178 billion in 2014.
The government has approved a 14 percent cut in spending for 2017 and higher taxes.
Algeria issued a conventional, interest-bearing bond on the domestic market last year. But the amount raised, $5.86 billion, fell short of expectations after religious leaders - and even the government's own ministry of religious affairs - gave the operation a chilly reception. One well-known preacher told the finance minister: "You will suffer inside your tomb."
LOCAL DISTRUST
Algeria is far behind North African neighbours Morocco and Tunisia, which have started to develop legislation for Islamic finance and sukuk bonds, overseen by a central religious board.
That may change if the planned Algerian national sharia board comes to fruition later this year, a government source familiar with Islamic financing plans told Reuters.
Algeria is targetting domestic savers rather than foreign investors. Many local people distrust the state-owned banks and keep large sums at home, untaxed, in Algerian and foreign currency.
Experts put informal economy savings at about $90 billion. That would be roughly equal to half Algeria's annual GDP, and the government launched a study last month in partnership with the United Nations Development Programme to assess the real size of the parallel market.
Last year it failed to draw money from the informal market when it offered a fiscal amnesty under which Algerians could deposit undeclared income and pay a 7 percent fee.
Instead, the government needs to cater for religious conservatives. "Current funding methods are still very weak," said Mohamed Mouloudi, an Islam analyst and editor of religious books. "Giving the green light to Islamic finance through the participative option would help attract much money from reluctant people."
The six state banks have now almost finished preparations for sharia-based financial services, said Boualem Djebbar, who heads the Banks and Financial Institutions Association as well as the Banque de l'Agriculture et du Developpement Rural. "They will offer participative financing soon," he said.
A government source told Reuters three of the banks would launch Islamic products in the summer and a fourth may join them at the end of the year. For the other two, that may happen in 2018.
A source at one of the banks, the Banque de Developpement Local, said it would be ready within three months. "BDL will launch at least two new products with one focusing on financing based on the murabaha principle at the start of the second half of 2017," the source said, referring to a cost-plus-profit arrangement widely used to structure Islamic loans.
Al Salam Bank Algeria and Al Baraka Bank Algeria, local units of Bahrain-listed Islamic banks Al Salam Bank and Al Baraka Banking Group, are also already operating in Algeria. But their market share is estimated by experts at less than 4 percent. They offer retail and commercial banking services.
Al Salam Bank has submitted a proposal to the finance ministry to use some form of Islamic finance for partial funding of a $3.2 billion port west of Algiers. Chinese banks will also provide around $1.5 billion for the project.
SUBJECT TO SLIPPAGE
Algeria's cautious approach to Islamic finance matches its wrestling with the kind of reforms it needs to deal with the sharp fall in oil prices. "The government preferred a gradual approach," said Abelhak Lamiri, who serves as an economic consultant for the government.
Timetables are subject to slippage. In February the state news agency APS, quoting the finance minister, said the interest-free bond would be launched by the end of April. However, this was subject to government approval and so far no details have been announced.
Still, state media remain keen on the idea. "The option for Islamic banking products in this time of crisis can only strengthen the financial sector through the diversification of bank offerings," wrote state-run newspaper El Moudjahid, which usually reflects government opinion. "Islamic products will also help attract informal savings." (Additional reporting by Bernardo Vizcaino in New York; Editing by Patrick Markey and David Stamp)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Restaurant Brands International Inc
* Restaurant Brands - on March 27, 2 indirect units entered into an incremental facility amendment to credit agreement dated as of October 27, 2014
* Restaurant Brands International Inc - incremental amendment provides for incremental term loan in aggregate principal amount of $1.3 billion - SEC filing
* Restaurant Brands International Inc - incremental term loan matures on February 17, 2024
* Restaurant Brands International - incremental amendment entered into in connection with co's acquisition of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen - SEC filing Source text: (bit.ly/2okesaW) Further company coverage:
May 2 Pfizer Inc
* Pfizer reports first-quarter 2017 results
* Pfizer inc - reaffirmed 2017 financial guidance
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.69
* Q1 earnings per share $0.51
* Reaffirmed 2017 financial guidance
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.67 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Pfizer inc - q1 revenue $12,779 million versus $13,005 million
* Q1 revenue view $13.09 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.55, revenue view $53.15 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Pfizer inc - q1 innovative health segement revenue $7,415 million versus $7,033 million
* Pfizer inc - as of May 2, 2017, pfizer's remaining share repurchase authorization was approximately $6.4 billion
* Pfizer inc - qtrly worldwide total lyrica revenue $1,271 million versus $1,229 million
* Pfizer inc- qtrly worldwide ibrance revenue $679 million versus $429 million
* Pfizer inc - q1 worldwide lipitor revenue $404 million versus $411 million
* Pfizer inc - q1 worldwide prevnar family revenue $1,392 million versus $1,509 million
* Pfizer -there was one less selling day in u.s. And 2 fewer selling days in international markets during q1, resulting in negative impact of about $300 million in q1 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DHAKA Ten more bodies have been recovered from Bangladesh's Panguchi River, a local official said on Thursday, after a ferry carrying about 80 passengers capsized this week.
Divers had been deployed to find the six people who were still missing, the chief administrator of Morelganj sub-district, Obaidur Rahman, said.
Rashedul Alam, a police official from Morelganj, where the accident happened, said a combination of strong currents and overloading caused the ferry to sink on Tuesday.
Most of the passengers had swum to safety, he said.
Low-lying Bangladesh, with extensive inland waterways and slack safety standards, has a track record of ferry accidents and deaths sometimes run into the hundreds.
(Reporting by Serajul Quadir and Enammul Haque; Editing by Vin Shahrestani)
FILE PHOTO: New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman speaks at a news conference in New York, New York, U.S. March 29, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo
WASHINGTON A coalition of 17 U.S. states filed a legal challenge on Wednesday against efforts by President Donald Trump's administration to roll back climate change regulations, deepening a political rift over his emerging energy policies.
Led by New York state, the coalition said the administration has a legal duty to regulate emissions of the gases scientists believe cause global climate change.
"The law is clear: the EPA must limit carbon pollution from power plants," New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in a statement announcing the challenge.
Trump signed an executive order last week targeting climate change regulations ushered in by former President Barack Obama, saying they hinder U.S. energy production and jobs without providing meaningful environmental benefits.
The order's main target was Obama's Clean Power Plan, a law that would require states to slash carbon dioxide emissions from power plants, but which was never implemented because it was challenged in court by 26 Republican-led states.
Trump's order directed the Environmental Protection Agency to review the regulation to decide whether to "suspend, rescind, or revise it." Shortly after, EPA filed a legal motion asking the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit to delay ongoing court proceedings on the regulation to allow for the review.
The New York-led coalition's motion on Wednesday asked the court to throw out the EPA's request to delay court proceedings, saying the delay "would waste the substantial resources already expended in this litigation."
"This case is ripe for decision now, and nothing that EPA has proposed to do obviates the need for this court's review," according to the statement.
The coalition includes attorneys general from California, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont, Virginia, and Washington - along with the District of Columbia and a number of smaller localities.
(Writing by Richard Valdmanis; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
DUBAI, March 28 Saudi Arabia's top sovereign wealth fund said on Tuesday it was expanding its international presence by creating an investment firm that would pursue real estate, energy, tourism and infrastructure projects in Jordan.
The Public Investment Fund, founded in 1971 to finance development projects within Saudi Arabia, has traditionally served largely as a holding company for the government's stakes in Saudi companies.
But under Saudi economic reforms launched last year, the PIF is expanding abroad, investing in U.S. ride-hailing firm Uber and a global technology fund, and considering other investments ranging from a Kuwaiti food maker to German financial firms.
PIF said it owned 90 percent of the new investment firm with the remainder held by 15 Jordanian banks, including Arab Bank and Jordan Islamic Bank.
The company will initially have $10 million of capital which may rise in the long term to as much as $3 billion, it said.
"Our efforts include the development of a portfolio that has greater geographical diversification, is risk-adjusted across sectors and diversifies sources of income," PIF managing director Yasir al-Rumayyan said.
The PIF revealed its Jordanian venture as Saudi Arabia's King Salman visited Jordan. The state-run Saudi Press Agency said private Saudi and Jordanian companies signed a dozen agreements on business cooperation.
Saudi officials said last year that they aimed to expand the PIF eventually from $160 billion to about $2 trillion, making it the world's largest sovereign fund. (Reporting by Andrew Torchia; Additional reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
UPDATE 3-Tennis-Den Bosch Open men's singles round 2 results
June 14 (Gracenote) - Results from the Den Bosch Open Men's Singles Round 2 matches on Wednesday Julien Benneteau (France) beat 7-Nicolas Mahut (France) 3-6 6-2 6-2 4-Gilles Muller (Luxembourg) beat Andreas Seppi (Italy) 7-6(5) 6-4 2-Alexander Zverev (Germany) beat Adrian Mannarino (France) 6-2 6-3 8-Aljaz Bedene (Britain) beat Ernesto Escobedo (U.S.) 6-3 6-4
* Arsenal and Manchester City drew 2-2 at the Emirates Stadium
* Leroy Sané opened the scoring in the fifth minute
* Arsenal responded with Theo Walcott's equaliser in the 40th
* City restored their advantage two minutes later through Aguero
* Defender Mustafi headed Arsenal level in the 53rd minute
* City in fourth on 58 points, sixth-placed Arsenal on 51
* Arsenal next host West Ham United, Man City visit Chelsea
ARSENAL 2 MANCHESTER CITY 2
April 2 Arsenal twice came from behind to draw 2-2 with Manchester City in a tense Premier League encounter on Sunday and stay seven points behind the fourth-placed visitors.
Against a background of fan discontent over the form of Arsene Wenger's side as he decides his future, Arsenal were nervy from the start and fell behind in the fifth minute when Leroy Sané rounded keeper David Ospina and finished elegantly.
Theo Walcott levelled from close range in the 40th minute at the Emirates Stadium as City lost their intensity, but Sergio Aguero restored the visitors' lead two minutes later after being picked out by David Silva before finishing with aplomb.
Arsenal defender Shkodran Mustafi again restored parity eight minutes after the break when he rose above Nicolas Otamendi to head Mesut Ozil's corner past keeper Willy Caballero, but both neither side could find a winner.
The draw takes City, who visit Chelsea on Wednesday, on to 58 points, five clear of fifth-placed Manchester United, who have a game in hand, and a point behind Liverpool, who have played a game more than Pep Guardiola's side.
Arsenal, in sixth, now have 51 points and are in danger of missing out on a top-four finish for the first time since 1996. They will bid to end a three-game winless streak in the Premier League when they host West Ham United on Wednesday. (Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Ken Ferris)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Singapore private home sales in May fall 3.2 pct y/y
SINGAPORE, June 15 Sales in Singapore of private homes by developers fell in May from a year earlier, government data showed on Thursday.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
TOKYO, March 29 Benchmark Tokyo rubber futures extended gains on Wednesday as a weaker yen and low Japanese inventories helped support the market, brokers said.
Tokyo Commodity Exchange (TOCOM) futures, which set the tone for tyre rubber prices in Southeast Asia, have slightly recovered after hitting a four-month low on Monday. The prices are still down about 30 percent from a more-than-five-year high hit in late January as worries over supply shortage eased.
Vietnam exported 263,891 tonnes of rubber in January-March, up 12.6 percent from a year earlier, the government data showed on Wednesday.
However, high rubber prices are still weighing on major users. Japan's Toyo Tire & Rubber Co said it would raise domestic tyre prices for passenger cars, trucks and buses by at least 5.5 percent to 10 percent to pass on higher natural rubber prices in a move that would follow domestic rivals.
Crude rubber inventories at Japanese ports stood at 4,202 tonnes as of March. 10, down 8.7 percent from the last inventory date, data from the Rubber Trade Association of Japan showed on Wednesday.
The Tokyo Commodity Exchange rubber contract for September delivery finished up 5.8 yen at 244 yen per kg.
The dollar pulled away from 4-1/2-month lows against a currency basket on Wednesday after solid data backed expectations for more U.S. interest rate hikes this year.
The most-active rubber contract on the Shanghai futures exchange for September delivery rose 315 yuan to finish at 16,615 yuan per tonne.
The front-month rubber contract on Singapore's SICOM exchange for April delivery last traded at 182 U.S. cents per kg, up 1.2 cent. (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
The world's most venomous spider has been spotted in a house in the Blue Mountains near Sydney.
Bec Sheedy was at home when her mum spotted a black creature with fangs on a wall towards the back of her house in Springwood, NSW, and quickly recognised it to be the world's most venomous spider — a funnel-web.
Funnel-webs are notorious for the venom — reports indicate death in humans have occurred after just 15 minutes due to the shutting down of the nervous system.
"It was probably about 5cm in diameter, so smaller than an open palm," Sheedy told news.com.au. "We've seen more redbacks this year than in the past but I haven't seen a funnel-web since I was a kid."
Advertisement
Funnel-web spiders are extremely common around households on Australia's east coast but are rarely seen. They can be found from Queensland to New South Wales, but earlier this year a new species was discovered as far south as northern Tasmania. There were previously 35 known species of the spider.
They are known to be relatively large spiders in comparison to their arachnid cousins and have large fangs capable of piercing through a fingernail.
"If you do get bitten you will feel the effects very quickly, it can make you very, very sick," Paul Hare, Invertebrate Keeper at Taronga Zoo, told news.com.au
"Chances are you'll know you've been bitten, they've got big fangs and you'll feel the bite."
Hare said a human would "know pretty quickly" if they were bitten by a funnel-web spider and urged those to "go to hospital immediately".
The result of a bite can lead to nausea, muscle cramps, profuse sweating and numbness around the mouth. The Australian Museum has recorded 13 deaths in Australia.
The most dangerous place to be bitten is said to be the torso.
Despite being primitive creatures they are attracted to cool, damp environments and when spotted, they are often found in pools, bathrooms or the household laundry. They can survive submerged underwater for a couple of days.
"It's alive until it's proven otherwise," said Hare.
The funnel web spider found in the NSW suburb of Springwood. Photo / Bec Sheedy supplied news.com.au
They are named after a characteristic "funnel" they create through their webs that surround the entrances to their burrows.
Hare told news.com.au it wasn't a surprise that the spider was spotted at this time of year because it's mating season and the male was likely on the hunt for a female.
"This time of year we find the males in the evenings when it's cooler, walking around looking for females," he said.
"The females we tend to only come across if you've been doing gardening or you've had really heavy rains and they've been flooded out of their homes.
"The girls let the males come to them."
Hare said the funnel-web spider is often misrepresented and that despite being the world's most venomous spider they tend to be "defensive" rather than aggressive.
The venom affects only three species in a lethal manner; insects, other spiders and primates. Blue tongues and birds "would happily munch on them" while if your pet dog or cat was to be stung it would be "highly unlikely" they would die.
"At the end of the day we are too big to be a food item for them. The only reason you're bitten is if a spider feels threatened.
"Admittedly you might come across one that's having a bad day but in my experience they're not what they're made out to be."
Yet despite the potentially deadly outcome of a funnel-web bite, Hare said it was unlikely to happen; there hasn't been a fatality since an antivenene was invented in 1981 by Dr Struan Sutherland.
"The reality is they're just not as bad," he said. "These days if you were to die from one, there's something else going on."
But, Hare warned: "I still wouldn't pick one up with your hand.
"If you're living in an area where they are known to be found, a little bit of caution goes a long way. Don't go leaving things outside that they can crawl into, if you're cleaning out a pool filter don't go putting your hand in and if you're gardening, wear gloves."
Advice to Australians is to "leave them alone" because "they do play an important part of our eco system" by killing cockroaches, flies and mosquitoes.
"The chances of dying from a spider bite these days is so slim, even if you get bitten by a spider, you're likelier to die from a car accident on the way to hospital."
(Adds details, context)
MEXICO CITY May 3 Mexican miner and metals processor Industrias Penoles on Wednesday posted a 444 percent year-on-year rise in first-quarter net profit to 2.196 billion pesos ($117.26 million), thanks to rebounding metals prices and a weaker peso.
The company, which runs the world's largest primary silver producer, Fresnillo, made 404 million pesos in net profit during the first quarter of 2016, when it was hit by a tripling of financial costs due to losses on options it bought.
In the 2017 quarter, higher prices for the metals that Penoles produces drove a robust recovery. Silver, zinc and copper all logged double-digit increases in the first quarter from the same period a year earlier, the company said.
A weaker average peso in the first quarter compared with the first three months of 2016 also helped, as the company sells metals in dollars.
The company reported a 12 percent increase in revenue to 21.9 billion pesos, which helped offset a 33 percent rise in administrative costs.
Shares of Penoles were down 1.32 percent before the company reported.
($1 = 18.7275 pesos on March 31) (Reporting by Adriana Barrera and Mitra Taj; Editing by Leslie Adler)
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.9 struck near Komandorskiye Ostrava in Russia's far east on Wednesday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
The quake struck at a depth of about 33 km (20 miles) just off the coast in the Bering Sea. It was originally recorded with a magnitude of 7.0.
There was no tsunami threat after the quake, according to the Hawaii-based Pacific Tsunami Warning Center.
(Reporting by Paul Tait, Editing by Himani Sarkar)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TOKYO Bank of Japan policymakers agreed to closely monitor consumer prices because they currently lack upward momentum, minutes of the central bank's March 15-16 policy meeting showed on Tuesday.
Policymakers said that over time, consumer prices will reach the central bank's 2 percent inflation target but the BOJ needs to continue with its quantitative easing, according to the minutes.
One policymaker said the fact that the BOJ had to significantly boost government debt purchases to contain rising yields in February demonstrated weakness in its yield curve control policy, the minutes showed.
The BOJ kept monetary policy on hold at the meeting, and Governor Haruhiko Kuroda dampened expectations that the central bank could start to scale back its quantitative easing.
At a subsequent meeting on April 26-27, the BOJ trimmed its consumer price forecast for this fiscal year slightly as inflation expectations have struggled.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Abadon Real Estate SA:
* Said on Friday that is FY 2016 revenue was 83.9 million zlotys ($21.69 million)
* FY net profit was 6.5 million zlotys
* FY operating 13.3 million zlotys
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.8684 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
A Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptor (R) is seen in Seongju, South Korea, April 26, 2017. Lee Jong-hyeon/News1 via REUTERS
BEIJING China on Tuesday reiterated its opposition to the deployment of the U.S. THAAD anti-missile defence system in South Korea and urged it to be stopped immediately.
The Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system has reached an initial operating capability to defend against North Korean missiles, U.S. officials said on Monday, forging ahead with its deployment despite China's objections.
"We will resolutely take necessary measures to defend our interests," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a daily news briefing, without elaborating.
Beijing argues THAAD's radar could be used to spy into its territory, despite assurances from Washington that THAAD is purely defensive.
U.S. President Donald Trump has urged China to do more to rein in its neighbour's nuclear and missile programmes and recently has been full of praise of Chinese President Xi Jinping's efforts.
The North is technically still at war with the South after their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a treaty, and regularly threatens to destroy the United States, Japan and South Korea.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Nick Macfie)
March 30 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** Cenovus Energy Inc is bulking up in a C$17.7 billion ($13.3 billion) deal to more than double its production as the repatriation of Canada's oil sands winnows control of the resource to a handful of domestic players. tgam.ca/2obmrX7
** Bombardier Inc said its new Global 7000 luxury jet brushed the speed of sound as it confirmed testing for the new airplane remains on track for a planned entry into service in the second half of 2018. tgam.ca/2obr57w
** Former Torys LLP lawyers Beth DeMerchant and Darren Sukonick are suing the Law Society of Upper Canada for damages totalling C$22 million, alleging the regulatory body was malicious in its prosecution of them over alleged errors in their work for Hollinger Inc more than 15 years ago. tgam.ca/2obras5
NATIONAL POST
** Britain has officially filed for divorce from the European Union, but Canadian companies with a footprint in the UK still face a lengthy period of uncertainty as the details of the split are sorted out. bit.ly/2obu8gd
** TransCanada Corp lost its go-to guy on tough pipeline projects with the surprise retirement of its 51-year-old chief operating officer, Alex Pourbaix. bit.ly/2oboBpH
** Canadians will be able to invest in a basket of marijuana companies when the first marijuana exchange-traded fund launches next week, helping investors diversify their exposure to the volatile and frothy sector. bit.ly/2oblNsQ
** The Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan is continuing to hunt for deals in the United Kingdom, even as concrete steps were taken Wednesday to extricate Britain from the European Union. bit.ly/2obpr5P ($1 = 1.3340 Canadian dollars) (Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru)
ORLANDO, FLA. (WSVN) - Disney's Star Wars land is still two years away from opening to the public, but the theme park gave a sneak peak to the highly-anticipated new land coming to Walt Disney World.
Lucasfilm and Disney released a new video and concept art for the massive park expansion project at the Star Wars Celebration in Orlando over the weekend. According to the Disney Parks official blog, the land will be set on a planet “somewhere on the Outer Rim – lying on the edge of the Unknown Regions.”
The team says the still-unnamed planet setting is “home to those who prefer less attention, it has become a thriving port for smugglers, rogue traders and adventurers traveling between the frontier and uncharted space. It's also a convenient safe-haven for others intent on avoiding the expanding reach of the First Order.”
“Our goal as we set out on this journey was to create a place that was so authentic, so real, that when our guests step inside, they're there, they're in the movie,” said Chris Beatty, executive creative director.
Rather than setting the themed land on a known planet from Star Wars, Imagineers decided to create a new setting entirely.
“It would be easy to think we should revisit some of our favorite places. But if we were to go to those places — Hoth, Tatooine — we know the stories that happened there, we know whose stories they are, and we know we're not in them,” said Scott Trowbridge, the team lead on the project, told Entertainment Weekly. “That's not what we wanted to do.”
The Star Wars-themed lands are scheduled to open in 2019. Disney says the land will be the park's largest ever single-themed land expansion.
Watch the sneak peak from Disney below!
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MOSCOW, April 12 Russia's central bank does not expect a large capital outflow in future, and the current account surplus will decline, central bank official Alexander Morozov said on Wednesday.
Morozov was answering a question as to whether the central bank would raise its capital outflow forecast for this year after the central bank data on Tuesday showed a larger than expected capital outflow in the first quarter.
The central bank also said on Tuesday that current account surplus totaled $22.8 billion in the first three months of the year compared with $12.9 billion in the same period of 2016. (Reporting by Elena Fabrichnaya; Writing by Alexander Winning; editing by Katya Golubkova)
A BMW logo is seen at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
FILE PHOTO: A BMW logo on a car at the 87th International Motor Show at Palexpo in Geneva, Switzerland, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
FRANKFURT BMW (BMWG.DE) became the third German carmaker to report better-than-expected quarterly results ahead of schedule on Thursday, benefiting like rival Daimler (DAIGn.DE) from strong demand in China and a revaluation of its stake in mapmaker HERE.
Pretax profit jumped 27 percent to 3.01 billion euros (2.51 billion pounds) in the first quarter, more than expected even taking into account one-off gains that included 183 million euros from revaluing HERE after Intel (INTC.O) invested in it.
Mercedes-maker Daimler last week posted an 87 percent jump in quarterly operating profit, while Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) on Tuesday reported a 28 percent rise, helped by a return to earnings growth at its core VW brand.
"The European market, China and some emerging markets are developing much better than expected. Only the U.S. market is tougher," said Evercore ISI analyst Arndt Ellinghorst, explaining the strong results from German carmakers. He rates BMW shares "in line".
German auto association VDA expects global car sales to rise 2 percent this year, driven by China where sales are seen rising by 6 percent, while demand in the United States and western Europe is seen stable.
But European car sales leapt 10.9 percent in March, led by buoyant demand in the region's top five markets and extra selling days due to a late Easter this year that saw the holiday fall in April.
Analysts were impressed by the extent to which BMW beat expectations, noting increased profits from Chinese joint venture BMW Brilliance Automotive.
"While this beat might seem moderate compared to the one seen at VW, it is actually slightly better than the one at Mercedes-Benz Car division ... despite a less favourable product cycle," wrote Barclays analyst Kristina Church, who rates BMW "overweight/neutral".
BMW shares were little changed at 1350 GMT.
The revaluation of BMW's stake in HERE came as little surprise after Daimler - a co-owner together with Volkswagen - increased the valuation of its stake. Other valuation effects lifted BMW's financial result by a further 122 million euros.
Intel said in January it was buying a 15 percent stake in HERE for an undisclosed sum, after Navinfo, Tencent (0700.HK) and Singapore's sovereign wealth fund agreed to buy a 10 percent stake in December.
BMW affirmed its guidance for a slight increase in full-year group pretax profit and an operating margin of 8-10 percent at its automotive business, which posted a first-quarter margin of 9.0 percent, down from 9.4 percent a year earlier.
BMW's sales rose 12 percent in the quarter to 23.5 billion euros, above the average analyst forecast of 22.1 billion euros, according to Thomson Reuters estimates.
The luxury carmaker is due to publish detailed first-quarter results on May 4.
(Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Maria Sheahan and Mark Potter)
April 6 Potash Ridge Corp:
* Potash Ridge receives first milestone payment from Jones Hamilton
* Potash Ridge Corp says has received its first milestone payment from Jones-Hamilton as part of an offtake and funding agreement announced in October, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
May 2 Bluebird Bio Inc
* Bluebird bio enters lentiviral vector patent license agreement with Glaxosmithkline for commercialization of gene therapies
* Bluebird bio - under terms of agreement, gsk will non-exclusively license certain bluebird patent rights related to lentiviral vector technology
* Bluebird bio- financial terms of agreement include an upfront payment to bluebird as well as potential development and regulatory milestone payments
* Bluebird bio inc - financial terms of agreement also include low single digit royalties on net sales of covered products Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds quotes on Federal Reserve)
By Jennifer Ablan
NEW YORK, April 20 PGIM Fixed Income senior portfolio manager Greg Peters said on Thursday that he has been reducing his overweight position in junk bonds because the "risk-reward is just not favorable."
Peters, who helps oversee more than $100 billion in multi-sector fixed-income portfolios at PGIM Fixed Income, said after high-yield's huge run-up late last year and into 2017, junk bonds no longer offer ample value.
Even so, "I'm not bearish, per se, of high yield, but we have taken it down" in our portfolios, Peters said.
He said the group is taking on a defensive posture and holding on to double-B credits because they have "a really good carry component to it."
Investment-grade investors who are reaching for yield buy the double-B-level credits, while junk bond investors who no longer want to hold triple-C credits in a weak market want to purchase the double-B credits as well.
"So you have this kind of unique characteristic in the double-B market that allows you to do well in lots of different cycles," Peters said.
Peters, the former Morgan Stanley chief global asset strategist who sounded an early alarm about the 2008 financial crisis, said he also is shorting German two-year bonds, also known as Schatz, because they have become "really, really, really rich."
At the top of Peters' worry list is concern that Federal Reserve policymakers would "hike us into recession," given the U.S. central bank is looking to raise interest rates as well as reduce its balance sheet.
This week, Boston Fed Bank President Eric Rosengren said winding down the Federal Reserve's balance sheet, if started soon and done very gradually, should not have much effect on the central bank's plans to raise interest rates.
But Peters said the tightening cycle is in unchartered territory because of "the challenge of never having to experience this before." (Reporting by Jennifer Ablan; editing by Bill Trott and Chizu Nomiyama)
U.S. President Donald Trump is shown in an official White House handout image meeting with his National Security team and being briefed by Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford via secure video teleconference after a missile strike on Syria while... REUTERS
When President Donald Trump took office less than three months ago, few would have predicted that he would find himself so quickly launching military strikes against Syria. Since January, his administration has been quietly reducing support for Syria's rebels, seemingly opening the door for an eventual settlement that might leave Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in charge.
None of that was necessarily changed by Thursday night's missile strikes against the air base believed responsible for a suspected nerve gas attack barely 72 hours earlier. In taking such aggressive action so quickly, however, Trump has sent what he sees as a strong, robust message of U.S. resolve – not just to Damascus but also other potential U.S. opponents including Russia, China and most particularly North Korea.
Some kind of action was probably inevitable – and had Barack Obama still been in the White House, he might have taken a similar step. The Russia-brokered deal that averted U.S. military action after the 2013 chemical strike near Damascus was, after all, predicated on Syria giving up its poison gas stockpiles. The government in Damascus conducted high-profile handovers of what it said was all of its chemical stocks, and signed the Chemical Weapons Convention. Such an egregious, unmistakable breach of that deal was going to have to be punished.
The speed with which Trump ordered the strikes – and therefore the element of surprise – does seem to be a shift from the Obama administration, which often discussed such actions openly in advance.
In hitting just a single air base, the overnight strikes were also much more limited than the military action Washington was considering after the 2013 chemical attack. That would likely have involved an overwhelming assault on Syrian air defenses and other facilities, an action that would have been deliberately designed to undermine Assad's grip on power but would not have been enough to topple him.
U.S. actions have infuriated Russia, which compared them to the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The United States appears to have been careful to avoid inflicting any casualties on Russian forces in Syria, however. That is in dramatic contrast to some of the plans a potential Hillary Clinton administration was said to have been considering, which would have included imposing “no-fly zones” that could have seen U.S. jets shooting down Russian aircraft.
The first question now is what this means for the U.S. policy toward Syria. In the run up to this week's chemical strike, both U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis had suggested Washington no longer regarded Assad's removal as a priority. It remains to be seen if that is still the case. It's certainly possible that the Trump administration could shift back towards the approach taken by its predecessor, supporting rebel groups and doing what it can to undermine those in charge in Damascus.
For now, however, that seems relatively unlikely. The Trump administration has made it clear that its main priority in Syria continues to be tackling Islamic State, with an assault gradually looming on that group's de facto capital of Raqqa.
Most importantly, the United States still has no credible way of bringing down Assad, should it wish to do so. It has no appetite for a troop-heavy intervention, and Trump has repeatedly stressed that he believes the lessons of Iraq and Libya are that removing regional strongmen is often a bad idea.
For now at least, this strike seems to have been a limited punishment, not the start of another U.S.-backed Middle East regime change.
The broader ramifications, however, go much further.
Perhaps the most important second-tier message of the strikes will be for North Korea – and its primary backer China, whose president Xi Jingping is meeting Trump this week in Florida. The Trump administration would like the threat of military force to persuade North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to slow or halt his country's nuclear and missile development. That still seems unlikely – but Thursday night's events increase the credibility of the U.S. threat.
It will also have been noticed in Iran, which has scaled back its nuclear development in the face of U.S. military threats and sanctions under a deal Trump has said is insufficiently robust and which he wants to renegotiate.
The most important lasting effect when it comes to geopolitics, however, may be on U.S.-Russia relations. It is unclear whether Moscow had advance knowledge of this week's chemical strike, but it certainly is angry at U.S. actions since. That sends a stark message that the administration may take a tougher line with Moscow that many anticipated, despite – or perhaps in part as a result of – the ongoing suggestions that Russia intervened in the U.S. election to try to help Trump.
That may also be a sign of shifting sands in Washington. This week saw presidential adviser Steve Bannon's dismissal from the White House National Security Council. Bannon's ousting was already seen to have strengthened the hand of the newly appointed and highly respected National Security Adviser Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster.
Thursday night's strike may be the clearest sign so far of the “McMaster-isation” of Trump foreign policy: well-defined, limited-but-decisive action with a relative clear, simple goal.
At worst, though, critics are describing it as yet another sign of the president's impulsive behavior, a “shoot first and ask questions later” approach.
Either way, if there is to be a “Trump doctrine” for foreign policy intervention, Thursday night's missile strikes will almost certainly be seen as the start of it.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Myhome Real Estate Development Group Co Ltd
* Says it issued 2018 second tranche mid-term bills worth 500 million yuan with a term of three years and coupon rate of 7.2 percent
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/2QHJUk
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PARIS The head of Dassault Aviation (AVMD.PA), the biggest shareholder in Thales (TCFP.PA), said he was not in favour of pursuing a joint venture in railway operations between the French defence electronics firm and transport group Alstom (ALSO.PA).
Analysts have suggested Thales could be a possible partner for Alstom at a time when rivals Siemens (SIEGn.DE) and Bombardier (BBDb.TO) are eyeing a potential tie-up of their rail operations, according to sources close to the matter. [nL8N1HK2A6]
Eric Trappier, chief executive of Dassault Aviation, told Reuters that he was "not at all" in favour of a similar joint venture between Alstom and Thales, which is specialised in rail signalling rather than in train parts.
"We're still pursuing the same vision (...), which has been well defined for the past two or three years and which consists of consolidating the rail signalling unit within Thales," Trappier said on the sidelines of a news conference in Paris.
A spokesman for Thales declined to comment.
(Reporting by Cyril Altmeyer; Writing by Sarah White; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
Matai Fiji Specialist
Contact
Michele Botnick
***@luckynlovetravel.com Michele Botnick
End
-- Lucky n Love Travel is proud to announce that we have received the designation as a Fiji Matai Happiness Specialist.This is a specialized training program offered by the Fiji Tourism Authority, and lets you know that your travel consultant has received the education necessary to plan a romantic honeymoon or getaway to Fiji.Allow us to create the honeymoon or romantic vacation of your dreams in a paradise unlike anywhere else in the world. Swim in waterfalls in the lush untouched rainforest, indulge in a romantic massage, or toast at the end of the day over a private wcj candlelight dinner.Get up close and personal with some endangered species. Migrating humpback whales jump and splash through Fiji's waters from June through October. Five of the world's seven sea turtles play in Fiji's waters and pods of spinner dolphins call Fiji home. Fiji has established locally managed marine parks, which means that you can enjoy guided snorkels or scuba dives through beautiful areas of coral reef. Naturally, the islands of Fiji are impressive!Experience bula! The warm Fijian greeting that awaits you!
A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files
TORONTO Canadian mergers and acquisitions got off to their strongest start in 17 years in 2017 as cross-border deal activity picked up pace, with JPMorgan (JPM.N), Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and RBC (RY.TO) taking the top three spots in the advisory rankings.
Foreign banks further consolidated their position in Canadian deal-making as companies looked beyond borders for growth opportunities. Toronto Dominion (TD.TO) and Lazard (LAZ.N) rounded out the top five positions in the league tables, according to Thomson Reuters data released on Thursday.
Deal value in the first quarter of 2017 jumped 12 percent to $75.4 billion (60 billion pounds), making it the best first quarter only behind the same period in 2000. Sizeable cross-border deals included AltaGas Ltd's (ALA.TO) planned acquisition of WGL Holdings (WGL.N) for C$8.4 billion ($6.25 billion), and MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates Ltd's (MDA.TO) C$3.1 billion deal buy U.S.-based satellite imagery provider DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI.N).
"The results are reflective of the strong market we have for cross-border deals," said David Rawlings, head of JPMorgan Canada.
Canadian companies "certainly want exposure to the United States. Our clients want to diversify outside of Canada," he added.
Energy sector deals dominated the league tables, with domestic oil companies scooping assets of foreign oil majors. ConocoPhillips (COP.N) agreed to sell its oil sands and natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE.TO) for C$17.2 billion, while Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) offloaded most of its Canadian oil sands assets for $8.5 billion. Canadian Natural Resources Ltd (CNQ.TO) was the main buyer of those assets.
"The large energy deals are strategic, chessboard-type transactions," said Brian Hanson, chief executive of Lazard's Canadian investment banking division.
"We expect more energy activity and more energy consolidation, but it may not be in a straight line, particularly if energy prices are volatile," he added.
The robust first-quarter performance in Canadian M&A follows an impressive 2016, when deal volume hit a nine-year high.. Bankers are betting on more deals.
"We remain optimistic that 2017 will be a good year for Canadian M&A," said Peter Buzzi, co-head of M&A at RBC Capital Markets.
"Equity markets are close to their all-time highs and interest rates are still low by historical standards, notwithstanding the run-up since the U.S. election."
(Reporting by John Tilak; Editing by Leslie Adler)
(Repeats story published on Thursday)
* GRAPHIC-Tech stocks lead way in Europe: bit.ly/2h3SjpY
* Technology firms rally as commodities, financials lose steam
* GRAPHIC-U.S. vs European tech sectors: bit.ly/2nOpsMq
By Kit Rees
LONDON, March 30 It's not banking or mining shares, but rather technology stocks, that have come up trumps in Europe this year and are poised to end the first quarter as the best-performing sector.
European tech companies often pale in comparison to the glamour of peers across the pond such as Facebook, Snap Inc and Amazon, and are dwarfed in terms of market value. The U.S. sector, at $4.3 trillion, is worth more than eight times Europe's.
Investors, however, have been quietly buying into a European industry they see as being at the heart of disruptive digital developments across a slew of sectors.
Tech stocks in Europe have risen nearly 12 percent in the first quarter, outstripping the broader market, which is up 4.8 percent, and also their performance in the first three months of last year when they fell 5.4 percent.
Driverless cars, iris-scanning technology and augmented reality are just a handful of the themes at play globally in which European companies such as STMicroelectronics, Infineon Technologies and SAP are involved.
Many European software firms are involved in corporate back-offices, keeping systems efficient and running - a less headline-grabbing side of the tech sector but one that can be important for companies across all industries looking to cut costs.
"Every consumer is exposed to Google, or Facebook, or Twitter ... something like SAP, which actually is in most corporations, is less visible to the end consumer," said Marcus Morris-Eyton, European equities portfolio manager at Allianz Global Investors. Tech now accounts for nearly a quarter of Morris-Eyton's portfolio, and SAP is his biggest position.
AUTOMATION
The mining sector was the standout performer in Europe over the course of 2016, gaining 61.9 percent, followed by oil stocks which rose 22.9 percent - far ahead of technology firm shares which were up 3.4 percent.
Banking stocks endured a turbulent first half, dragged down by problems in the Italian sector, but after hitting a low in July they rallied almost 47 percent to the end of the year.
These trends were expected to continue into 2017, but so far banks are only up 4.6 percent in the first quarter, miners are up 6.2 percent and oil stocks are down more than 3 percent.
Like many sectors, the commodities and financial industries have since last week been hit by investor concerns that U.S. President Donald Trump may not be able to deliver on all his tax and infrastructure pledges, after his healthcare plans were blocked.
Tech is less exposed to immediate political and economic developments, according to analysts, and are more governed by long-term global trends in technologies such as automation, driverless cars and augmented reality.
"(In tech) there's always this level of innovation that keeps people engaged and keeps people investing for those opportunities almost irrespective of the economic cycle," said Steve Sherman, senior portfolio manager at BNP Paribas.
Flows into tech have been strong globally, with tech sector-focused funds seeing the biggest inflows year-to-date since 2009, according to data from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Likewise Europe-listed robotics and automation exchange-traded fund (ETF) ROBO hit a new record high last week and saw record monthly inflows in February of $80.6 million. ABB and Krones are among its top 10 holdings.
TIME OF FLIGHT
The move towards digitization across industries has market participants particularly excited.
Morgan Stanley analysts highlighted SAP's S/4 HANA enterprise cloud software which helps integrate data and applications, and also its new product line for the "internet of things" (IOT) - where everyday objects are connected to networks to send and receive data.
At Evenlode, one of Britain's best-performing investment funds last year, portfolio manager Hugh Yarrow holds stocks such as Sage and Relx whose digital analytics are being increasingly used in law, accountancy and finance.
In more traditional sectors of tech, chipmakers such as Infineon, STMicroelectronics and ASML are closely linked to Apple and the iPhone cycle. Infineon shares have surged to a record high.
Stuart Mitchell, manager of the SWMC European Fund at S.W. Mitchell, is betting big on STMicro. The stock, up 33 percent this year, is the fund's biggest holding.
Mitchell said that he became interested in the stock when its share price fell after its loss-making set-top boxes business went belly up last year.
He reckons STMicro's role in the auto industry with its car chip business and time of flight (TOF) technology - which is used in sensors - means it will surprise with its quick growth.
Neil Campling, global head of TMT Research at Northern Trust Capital Markets, said he expected opportunities in areas such as semiconductors, automated vehicles, sensors and virtual and augmented reality.
"The tech industry in Europe may not be as big in terms of revenue ... as the U.S. is, but it has a critical role to play in basically what is, without doubt, a digital revolution that is global in nature," he said.
(Reporting by Kit Rees; Additional reporting and editing by Vikram Subhedar; Editing by Pravin Char)
The logo of Veneto Banca bank is seen in Venice, Italy, January 31 2016. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi/File Photo
A Banca Popolare di Vicenza sign is seen in Rome, Italy, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
MILAN Troubled Italian banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca are close to finalising the long-mooted sale of 8-9 billion euros in problem loans, the chief executive of bad loan manager Cerved said on Tuesday.
"We expect something to happen shortly," CEO Marco Nespolo said in reference to the two Veneto-based lenders' bad loan sale.
Nespolo also told an analyst call that a consortium comprising a fund he did not name and Cerved had been shortlisted to submit a binding bid for a 700 million euro ($762 million) bad loan sale by Banco BMP (BAMI.MI).
Sources have said Cerved has teamed up with Cerberus in the tender.
(Reporting by Massimo Gaia, writing by Valentina Za)
A man has been left shaken after an attempted armed robbery outside his north Belfast home.
Detectives are appealing for information following the report of the attempted robbery of a man in the Skegoneill Avenue area of Belfast in the early hours of this morning.
A PSNI spokesman said shortly before 12.30am as a man got out of his car he was approached by a male who tried to steal his bag.
The assailant then produced a knife.
However the victim was able to fend the man off, did not sustain any injuries during this incident, but “was left very badly shaken”.
Meanwhile the culprit and another male who was with him then made off in the direction of the Shore Road in a small white car.
Police have appealed to anyone who may have witnessed this incident or anyone who has information to contact Detectives at Musgrave on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 23 02/01/17.
Alternatively, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
2017 could prove a another big year for Witterings-based actor Frankie Oatway with the release of two feature films this summer – and the possibility of a part on EastEnders.
“It has just been so amazing,” Frankie says. “This last year has been so busy.”
Making it all the more remarkable is the fact that it is only relatively recently that Frankie has taken up acting.
“I had very little education and come from a tough background. I served in the parachute regiment for eight years from 17 years old. I'm from Nottingdale, the less ponced-up working-class area of Notting Hill. I was a builder for over 25 years then fell into acting.”
Towards the end of the summer, Frankie is expecting to be on cinema screens with the release of Finding Your Feet: “I play a great part as a London cabbie, working alongside some of the country's finest – Joanna Lumley, Imelda Staunton and Timothy Spall.
“It's a very funny film. I got on famously with Imelda. She was so lovely to work with. It was written Nick Moorcroft and directed by one of the best directors in the country who cast me for the film, Richard Loncrane.”
Frankie has also played another major role in the new British feature film, My Name Is Lenny, based on the bare-knuckle fighter Lenny McLean.
“I was auditioned to play one of the main characters Kenny Mac who was the main influence who introduced the career of bare-knuckle fighting to Lenny when he was in his twenties.
“Kenny was a man's man, a real life Del Boy who ran a second-hand car front and scrapyard from east London where he organised plenty of fights for Lenny with some tough opponents Kenny used to make up an illegal makeshift ring in his scrapyard out of a length of old rope and four gas canisters to resemble the corners of a boxing ring, a real spit-and-sawdust set-up but very effective. There was no shortage of punters. Kenny had them lined up left, right centre for Lenny. As long as Kenny could see a pound note, he would keep Lenny very busy.
“It was a real challenge to play Kenny. Even though I come from that side of life, I took time and studied some of the old documentary footage of Kenny Mac. I found there were some very similar traits we both had. For example, he was a sharp dealer who could think on his feet and put a deal together within a heartbeat. In today's world, I'm sure Kenny could
have been a finance minister or a top money trader. There's no shortage of real people who never get the chance to fulfil their potential, just like Kenny who probably never had the best of chances as a youngster.
“In the film I play alongside Josh Helman from the film X-Men and Mad Max who plays Lenny. Josh was a true professional to work witt. We bounced off each other really well. I also worked closely with Nick Moran from Lock Stock & Two Smoking Barrels.”
The film also sees what Lenny believes to be the last film appearance from John Hurt, who died earlier this year.
“I met John back in the late 90s when I was a builder. It was while I was doing a conversion on a fitness club in Kensington. I went out to get some tools out my van. I was gutted to discover my tools had been nicked, but who did I happen to bump into? None other than John Hurt doing a bit of shopping. I said ‘Excuse me, mate, you didn't see anyone breaking into my motor, did you?' Then I realised it was John Hurt!”
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on 'sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
JOHANNESBURG, April 28 South Africa's rand bounced back from a one-week low on Friday, lifted by dollar investors banking profits ahead of the weekend and the European Central Bank's decision to stick to its large-scale bond buying binge.
* At 0705 GMT the rand had gained 0.45 percent to 13.3025 per dollar compared to a close at 13.3625 overnight in New York.
* The unit been dipped briefly below the psychological 13.00 level earlier in the week before slumping to a 3-week trough as the dollar gained momentum and local politics weighed, with traders saying the currency lacked clear direction.
* Credit growth for March eased according to central bank data. Trade stats due at 1200 GMT.
* Greenback boosted by unveiling of President Donald Trump's tax plans.
* On Thursday the European Central Bank said it was sticking to its ultra-easy stimulus stance, but acknowledged that economic recovery in the region was fast improving.
* Stocks were lower, with the benchmark Top-40 index down 0.08 percent.
* In fixed income, the yield for the benchmark government bond due in 2026 fell 0.5 basis point to 8.725 percent. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by Ed Stoddard)
Keith Chegwin had a varied career, from presenting Swap Shop to appearing on Celebrity Big Brother.
The star, also known for hosting children's game show Cheggers Play Pop, died aged 60 after battling a progressive lung condition.
Here are some of his key moments.
1. On a TV show Chegwin looked on in horror as comedian Bobby Davro faceplanted the floor.
I have known Keith Chegwin for many years He was one of the nicest guys I've ever met in this biz I had been told he was very poorly but unable to contact him for a while What a dreadful shame to lose such a lovely friend Love to his family RIP Cheggers! I'll miss that smile 💔 — Bobby Davro (@BobbyDavro1) December 11, 2017
Screams erupted from the audience as Davro, who could not break the fall as a result of being in the stocks, fell face first.
Davro ended up pulling all the ligaments in his back and needing stitches in his chin.
2. In 1992 Chegwin revealed his fight with alcoholism on This Morning.
He openly told presenters Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan: “I am an alcoholic. It's a disease.”
3. Chegwin said in 2011 that film director Roman Polanski once told him to take his underwear off.
Chegwin accused Roman Polanski of asking him to remove his underwear (Joel Ryan/PA)
The teenager was working on the 1971 film Macbeth when the incident happened. Chegwin told the Telegraph: “With Polanski, you just did what he told you to do.
“There was one scene where we all run into a banqueting hall and go to sleep for the night, and he just looked at Martin Shaw and me and said: ‘Take your underpants off.'
“And he was the boss so you go: ‘Fine, OK.' We just did it. Couldn't work out why; still don't know why.”
4. The morning after a BAFTA ceremony, Chegwin doorstepped Steve Coogan in a hotel for Channel 4's The Big Breakfast.
A friendly Coogan invited Chegwin into his hotel room, where a camera crew followed, catching sight of his girlfriend in bed.
© Press Association 2017
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that his notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Football Soccer - Premier League - Crystal Palace vs Huddersfield Town - London, Britain - August 12, 2017 Crystal Palace's Wilfried Zaha in action with Huddersfield Town's Tommy Smith and Jonas Lossl Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra details.
Aug 12 (Reuters) – - CRYSTAL PALACE 0 HUDDERSFIELD TOWN 3
Striker Steve Mounie scored twice as promoted Huddersfield stunned Crystal Palace with a 3-0 victory at Selhurst Park, spoiling Frank de Boer's debut as a Premier League coach on Saturday.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Huddersfield took the lead after 23 minutes when Aaron Mooy's corner was turned goalwards by Chris Schindler's glancing header and the ball went in off Palace defender Joel Ward in a goalmouth melee.
The visitors, who outmuscled Palace in midfield in the opening 45 minutes, went two up three minutes later, their new signing Mounie heading Mooy's cross emphatically past Palace goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey.
Mounie, who joined the promoted side from France's Montpellier in July, scored his second goal 12 minutes from time in a counter-attack after being set up by substitute Collin Quaner.
Forwards Wilfried Zaha and Christian Benteke both had chances to put Palace, who staved off relegation last season, back in the game in the dying minutes of the first half, while Huddersfield goalkeeper Jonas Lossl made good saves from both in the second.
Related Coverage Contrasting emotions for Wagner and De Boer
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A schoolboy was rushed to hospital with a serious eye injury after he was attacked by a dog.
It happened on Sunday afternoon outside the Green Bear in Nuneaton.
The eight-year-old, who has not been identified, was taken to the George Eliot Hospital .
But, due to the severity of puncture wounds to one of his eyes, he had to be transferred to the University Hospital Coventry and Warwickshire for treatment.
Police say that it has been reported that the dog, which has been described as possibly being an American Bulldog, attacked the boy at 6pm on Sunday (April 22) at The Green Bear pub in Church Road.
Now they want to trace the owners, a man and a woman, who left the scene after the attack, CoventryLive reported .
PC Clayton Kelley said: "We're keen to hear from anyone who can help us to identify the owners of the dog.
"We believe the owners, a man and a woman, went into the pub at around 4pm and were in there for around an hour and a half before the incident happened.
"They left immediately after the incident without speaking to anyone.
"We're hoping that someone else in the pub will have recognised them and be able to help us identify them."
Anyone with information that could help trace the dog and its owners, should call police on 101, quoting incident reference number 311 of April 22.
Details can also be passed on to officers via the Crimestoppers hotline, which is free to call from a landline and confidential, on 0800 555 111.
ULAANBAATAR May 2 The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has postponed a $5.5 billion bailout for Mongolia because of a measure included in the 2017 budget that forces foreign firms to bank with domestic institutions, the IMF's country representative said.
Mongolia's economy has slid into a crisis caused by heavy foreign debt, a collapse in its currency and a slowdown in growth in its biggest trading partner, China. The IMF board had been expected to approve a rescue package at a meeting on April 28.
"The Board discussion was postponed," said Neil Saker, the IMF's Mongolia country representative, in emailed comments, adding that they needed to examine the details of a new measure covering foreign exchange transactions by investors.
The IMF announced in February a $440 million Extended Fund Facility that Mongolia can draw on for three years, in addition to $3 billion from Japan and South Korea and a three-year extension to a 15 billion yuan ($2.18 billion) swap agreement with the People's Bank of China.
In the 2017 budget approved in the early hours of the morning on April 14, legislators introduced tax changes that would allow it to meet conditions set by the IMF.
But it also included a clause seeking to "improve" investment agreements with foreign partners, forcing firms such as miner Oyu Tolgoi LLC, jointly owned by Mongolia and Rio Tinto , to do all their banking with Mongolian institutions.
"We need a bit more time to understand the nature and the specifics of the measure, and whether the macroeconomic framework of the program remains valid," said Saker.
Mongolia's Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not immediately respond for comment. ($1 = 6.8937 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Terrence Edwards; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
April 10 Gold inched down on Monday after hitting a 5-month high in the previous session, weighed down by a stronger dollar. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was down 0.2 percent at $1,251.91 per ounce by 0115 GMT. U.S. gold futures edged down 0.3 percent to $1,253.90. * Spot gold hit its highest since Nov. 10 at $1,270.46 on Friday and crossed the 200-day moving average. But, it failed to close above that key resistance level. * The dollar index rose 0.1 percent to over 3-week highs of 101.310. * U.S. job growth slowed sharply in March amid continued layoffs in the embattled retail sector, but a drop in the unemployment rate to a near 10-year low of 4.5 percent suggested labor market strength remained intact. * The Federal Reserve might in the future avoid raising interest rates at the same time that it begins the process of shrinking its $4.5 trillion bond portfolio, prompting only a "little pause", New York Fed President William Dudley said on Friday. * Top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base, while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea. * A U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, a U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday, as concerns grow about North Korea's advancing weapons programme. * The Dubai Gold and Commodities Exchange (DGCX) said on Saturday it was considering whether to launch a new spot gold contract designed to be used by retail investors and traders. * Argentina mining officials told Barrick Gold Corp it must overhaul environmental and operating processes at its Veladero mine. * SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, said its holdings fell 0.03 percent to 836.49 tonnes on Friday from 836.77 tonnes on Thursday. * Hedge funds and money managers upped their net long position in COMEX gold for the third straight week in the week to April 4, and raised it slightly in silver, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission data showed on Friday. * China's gold reserves were unchanged at 59.24 million ounces in March, the country's central bank said on Friday, extending its hiatus from buying any bullion into a fifth month. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 0830 Euro zone Sentix index Apr 1400 U.S. Employment trends Mar (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
March 29 Sir Royalty Income Fund:
* Sir Royalty Income Fund reports Sir Corp. Fiscal 2017 second quarter results
* Q2 same store sales rose 0.3 percent
* Sir Royalty Income Fund - Sir has advised fund that revenue from corporate restaurant operations for q2 2017 increased 1.9% to $62.4 million versus. $61.2 million
* Sir Royalty Income Fund - Sir's net loss and comprehensive loss was $9.9 million in Q2 2017, compared to net income and comprehensive income of $9.1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Source: ShowBuzz Daily
This week's WWE SmackDown, featuring the final hype for Sunday's WWE Money In the Bank pay-per-view, drew 2.072 million viewers. This is down from last week's 2.349 million viewers and a new low for 2017.
SmackDown was #11 in viewership on cable for the night, behind Lead with Jake Tapper, Rachel Maddow, Situation Room, CNN News Room, Last Word, Hannity, Tucker Carlson, The Five, Your World and the Jeff Sessions hearing on FOX News. SmackDown was #2 in the 18-49 demographic, behind ESPN's 30 For 30.
In comparison, Monday's RAW drew 2.542 million viewers, down from last week's 2.994 million viewers and a new low for 2017.
Below is our 2017 SmackDown Viewership Tracker:
January 3rd Episode: 2.596 million viewers
January 10th Episode: 2.533 million viewers
January 17th Episode: 2.652 million viewers
January 24th Episode: 2.556 million viewers
January 31st Episode: 2.817 million viewers
February 7th Episode: 2.627 million viewers
February 14th Episode: 2.626 million viewers
February 21st Episode: 2.792 million viewers
February 28th Episode: 2.566 million viewers
March 7th Episode: 2.738 million viewers
March 14th Episode: 2.628 million viewers
March 21st Episode: 2.647 million viewers
March 28th Episode: 2.698 million viewers
April 4th Episode: 2.885 million viewers
April 11th Episode: 3.105 million viewers
April 18th Episode: 2.544 million viewers
April 25th Episode: 2.493 million viewers
May 2nd Episode: 2.300 million viewers
May 9th Episode: 2.348 million viewers
May 16th Episode: 2.175 million viewers
May 23rd Episode: 2.328 million viewers
May 30th Episode: 2.350 million viewers
June 6th Episode: 2.349 million viewers
June 13th Episode: 2.072 million viewers
June 20th Episode:
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
SINGAPORE, April 28 Now that the euphoria of iron ore's all too brief rally has evaporated, the question the market is grappling with is what is a fair price level for the steel-making ingredient.
Spot iron ore prices in China .IO62-CNO=MB ended Thursday at $66.42 a tonne, down 30 percent from the 17-month peak of $94.86 reached on Feb. 21.
The problem for industry participants is how to wrestle with the factors that have driven, or are likely to drive, prices for the rest of the year.
The traditional method of looking at the supply-demand balance and assessing the cost of marginal supply does provide a starting point.
But if there is one thing that the market has learnt in the past year, it's that the main driver of the market is policy decisions in China, and how participants react to them.
The nearly 150 percent rally between the low of $38.52 a tonne on Dec. 10, 2015, and the peak in February caught most observers by surprise as it was largely driven by Beijing's decision to add stimulus to infrastructure spending and construction, the major demand centres for steel in the world's largest producer and consumer of the metal.
This year the expectation is that Beijing will wind some of the stimulus back, thereby trimming demand growth for steel and iron ore.
If this is the case for the remainder of 2017, this is a bearish signal for steel and iron ore prices.
A poll of the hundreds of industry participants at the Singapore Exchange's (SGX) Iron Ore Forum in Singapore on Thursday showed an increasing pessimism about the price for iron ore.
While about a third of respondents thought the spot price would average between $60 and $70 a tonne over 2017, about half thought the price would be below $60 over the course of the year.
This brings the market back to the question as to what is the price of the marginal tonne of iron ore supplied to China, and how far below that does the price have to fall to knock enough supply out to balance the market.
The majority of estimates seem to be grouped around the $60 a tonne level, this being the point at which 90 percent of seaborne iron ore suppliers are still profitable.
Certainly the higher prices of recent months led to a flurry of tonnes being shipped to China from what can broadly be described as alternative suppliers, which are countries outside the three major exporters Australia, Brazil and South Africa.
KNOCKING OUT SMALL SUPPLIERS
Chinese customs data shows that a total of 270.9 million tonnes was imported in the first quarter, a gain of 12.2 percent over the same period last year.
While the major suppliers did increase their contributions, their growth rates were below the overall increase, with Australian supplies up 10.8 percent, those from Brazil by 3.8 percent and from South Africa by 3.3 percent.
India leapt into fourth spot with a massive 332.4 percent increase, supplying 9.9 million tonnes in the first quarter, or almost two-thirds of the total it supplied to China for the whole of 2016.
China's imports from Iran rose 113.4 percent in the first quarter, while those from Peru gained by 20 percent.
To be sure, China's imports are still dominated by the three major exporters, but the point is that the higher iron ore price brought alternative suppliers back to the market, and fairly rapidly.
Suppliers outside the big three provided China with 13.9 percent of its iron ore imports in the first quarter, up from 12.2 percent for the whole of 2016.
The question for the market is how quickly these extra tonnes will exit the seaborne market in response to the recent sharp decline in prices.
An iron ore miner based near India's east coast, speaking on the sidelines of the SGX iron ore event, said his company had managed to ship some cargoes to China this year, but when the price dropped below $70 a tonne it knocked them out of the market.
Industry consultants CRU presented data at a forum on Wednesday that estimated that about 50 million tonnes of the around 100 million tonnes supplied annually to China by producers outside the big three was fairly elastic, meaning it will respond to lower prices and exit the market.
But it's also possible the market will have to lose more higher-cost tonnes, given the expected arrival of more than 100 million tonnes of new low-cost production from Australia and Brazil by the end of 2018, as the last of the major projects ramp up output.
The top Australian miners, Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and Fortescue Metals Group have reduced the cash cost of producing a tonne of iron ore to below $15 a tonne, meaning that once all the other costs, such as freight and taxes, are added in they can still be profitable at a spot price of less than $40.
It's a similar story for Brazil's Vale, even though its freight charges are higher given the longer shipping distance to China.
Overall, it would appear that iron ore will have to spend some time below $60 a tonne in order to knock out alternative seaborne supplies, as well as ensure that high-cost Chinese domestic miners don't resume operations.
But of course, this assumes that the authorities in Beijing don't spring any surprises on the market.
(Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
UPDATE 1-China-led AIIB approves $324 mln in infrastructure investment
BEIJING, June 15 The China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) said on Thursday it has approved two loans and one equity investment worth $324 million across Georgia, Tajikistan and India.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
* Sees deficit earlier than in previous remarks
* Few major new projects over next three to five years
* Could be 'substantial supply gap' early next decade
SANTIAGO, April 2 The copper market is likely to see a small shortage as early as this year because of a lack of new supply and the removal of up to 800,000 tonnes over the past 18 months in response to modest prices, Rio Tinto's copper and diamonds chief will say on Tuesday.
A Reuters survey in January showed the copper market was expected to be in a surplus of about 80,000 tonnes this year and next.
But Arnaud Soirat, chief executive of Copper & Diamonds for Rio Tinto , will take a more bullish view, according to excerpts of a speech seen by Reuters that he will deliver to the CRU World Copper Conference in Santiago on Tuesday.
"We've seen the copper market rebalance in response to lower prices," he says.
"In the last 18 months the industry has seen around 700,000-800,000 tonnes of price-related cutbacks and we now see the market moving into a small deficit this year," he said, referring to decisions to hold back copper production because it was not economic to produce it.
After the commodity price crash of 2015, copper's recovery was less spectacular than for some commodities, such as coal and zinc.
Copper rose 18 percent last year and has extended gains in 2017, boosted by the impact of strike action that has removed supply, as well as a lack of new investment.
Rio Tinto CEO Jean-Sebastien Jacques has shifted the company's focus toward copper, saying the metal has long-term upside as the world improves electricity grids and electric vehicles gain market share.
Soirat previously said the copper market would go into deficit by 2020, just when Rio Tinto's extension to the giant Oyu Tolgoi copper mine in Mongolia comes onstream.
Before that, few new projects are foreseen.
Soirat refers in Tuesday's speech to "limited new greenfield projects" over the next three to five years.
"This - combined with grade decline and end of life closures over the next few years - means we see overall mine supply potentially plateauing before the end of the decade," he says, adding there could be "a substantial supply gap" at the start of the next decade. (Reporting by Barbara Lewis; Editing by Peter Cooney)
March 29 Voir Holdings Bhd :
* Says Kumpulan Voir Sdn. Bhd, unit, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Marvellous Future Sdn. Bhd
* Disposal will not have any material effect on the earnings per share, net assets per share and gearing of the company
* SPA agreement for disposal of a shop lot for a total cash consideration of 1.5 million RGT
* Disposal is expected to give rise to a gain of approximately 0.78 million RGT to Voir Group Source text : (bit.ly/2mP8LRK) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Global Top E-commerce Co Ltd :
* Says it scraped acquisition of 84.6 percent stake in tech firm
* Says it plans to buy stakes in e-commerce firm for 1.8 billion yuan via cash and share issue
* It plans to raise up to 659.5 million yuan in private placement of shares to help fund acquisitions
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/9NAF5k
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
TORONTO, April 12 Below are some key quotes from an appearance on Wednesday by Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz in Ottawa following the central bank's decision to hold benchmark interest rates unchanged:
POLOZ ON WHETHER A RATE CUT REMAINS AN OPTION:
"A rate cut, or further easing in policy, remains possible in the sense that there may be risks that are realized in the outlook, that pull us below the projection that we are offering up today."
"When we talked about that a few months ago we had seen a series of disappointing data points that led us to believe that the risks were beginning to tilt towards to the downside and the uncertainties that we were dealing with were similarly negative."
"And so it's in that context that we discussed the possibility of easing. But in this context, given the data that we've seen in the last few months, I can quite clearly say no, a rate cut was not on the table at this time." (Reporting by Fergal Smith, Alastair Sharp; Assembled by Dan Burns)
HONG KONG, March 30 (IFR) - New issues dominated Asian credit markets on Thursday as at least eight issuers were marketing US dollar bonds in the region.
"Market sentiment remained constructive and stable since a US rate hike earlier this month, though market participants are expecting another increase in June," said a Hong Kong-based investment-grade credit trader.
Asian credit spreads were almost flat. The iTraxx Asia IG index, which has rolled into Series 27, was quoted less than 1bp tighter at 93.4/94.6bp.
Trading was more concentrated on newly issued bonds.
ICBC Financial Leasing's US$2bn two-tranche notes were mixed with its 3-year tranche 2bp wider and its 5-year piece 5bp tighter.
Trader said the weakness of the 3-year tranche was mainly due to the relatively larger issue size.
The US$1.15bn three-year tranche was reoffered at 150bp over US Treasuries, while the US$850m five-year tranche was reoffered at 152.5bp over.
Hyundai Capital America's US$1.1bn three-tranche notes were also traded mixed. Its 3-year floaters and 5-year fixed-rate notes were flat, while its 3-year fixed-rate notes traded 6bp tighter.
Swiss private-banking group EFG International's newly priced US$400m 5.00% 10-year non-call 5 notes gained 0.35pt to 100.35.
(Reporting by Carol Chan; editing by Dharsan Singh)
March 30 Canadian retailer Dollarama Inc reported a 17 percent rise in quarterly profit on Thursday as customers spent more in its stores.
Dollarama's net income rose to C$146.1 million ($109.6 million), or C$1.24 per share, in the fourth quarter ended Jan. 29, from C$124.8 million, or C$1 per share, a year earlier.
Comparable-store sales rose 5.8 percent, and the average transaction size increased by 7.8 percent in the quarter.
Sales jumped 11.5 percent to C$854.5 million.
($1 = 1.3325 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Vishaka George in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
May 2 Arch Coal Inc
* Arch Coal Inc reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $2.55 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $2.03
* Q1 revenue $600.9 million versus I/B/E/S view $592.7 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $2.19 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Arch Coal Inc - announces capital redeployment plan
* Arch Coal Inc - board has instituted a quarterly cash dividend of $0.35 per share
* Arch Coal - board approved establishment of share repurchase program that authorizes co to purchase up to $300 million of company's outstanding stock
* Arch Coal Inc- raised its coking coal volume guidance for 2017
* Arch Coal Inc - expects to fund future share repurchases with cash on hand and cash generated from operations
* Arch Coal Inc- for 2017 now expects to sell between 6.7 and 7.1 million tons of coking coal, which excludes PCI coal
* Arch Coal Inc - at end of Q1, Arch's debt level totaled $334 million, comprised of $300 million term loan and $34 million in equipment financing and other debt
* Q1 earnings per share view $2.19, revenue view $592.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Arch Coal Inc - "international thermal pricing for prompt delivery in asia-pacific region remains reasonably strong"
* Arch Coal - on April 27, entered into inventory-only asset based lending facility and amended its existing accounts receivable securitization facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 4 National Australia Bank said on Thursday its first-half cash profit rose 2.3 percent, beating analysts' estimates, as the company benefited from growth in lending and stronger trading income.
Cash profit for the six months to end of March rose 2.3 percent to A$3.29 billion ($2.44 billion), compared with A$3.22 billion a year ago.
Analysts on average had estimated net income of A$3.24 billion, according to three surveyed by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The country's fourth biggest maintained its interim dividend at 99 cents per share fully franked. ($1 = 1.3473 Australian dollars) (Reporting By Aparajita Saxena in Bengaluru; Editing by Stephen Coates and Sandra Maler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds reports on widespread lightning strikes)
By Letitia Stein and Steve Gorman
April 2 A tornado flipped over a mobile home in south-central Louisiana on Sunday, killing a toddler and her mother, as forecasters warned of a dangerous weather system bringing twisters, fierce straight-line winds and hail to the Gulf Coast region.
Neville Alexander, 3, and Francine Gotch, 38, were inside the mobile home in the town of Breaux Bridge, just outside Lafayette, Louisiana, when the storm slammed into the dwelling, causing "significant damage," the St. Martin Sheriff's Office said on its Facebook page.
Video posted on the page showed the remnants of a mobile home with its walls and roof collapsed and furniture and other household belongings upended and scattered. Nearby houses and vehicles appeared unscathed.
The National Weather Service (NWS) later confirmed the demolished trailer was upended by a tornado packing winds of around 100 miles per hour (161 kph) and ranked as a category EF-1 on the five-point Enhanced Fujita Scale. An EF-5 is the highest rating.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards said the Weather Service had issued a "high risk" advisory for central and northern Louisiana, warning residents to be vigilant of the threat of severe weather.
Other parts of Louisiana were under "moderate and enhanced" alerts for severe weather, he said, adding, "This is a statewide weather event."
In addition to tornado threats, thunderstorms were bringing hurricane-force, straight-line winds and large hail to the region, the governor said.
Television station WAFB-TV in Baton Rouge, the state capital, reported more than 4,500 lightning strikes across the state by late afternoon.
Edwards called for members of the public to remain indoors and avoid unnecessary travel, while urging mobile homes residents to stay with friends or relatives in more solid structures overnight if possible.
The NWS posted tornado watches for a portion of eastern Texas and most of the two neighboring Gulf states of Louisiana and Mississippi. A flash-flood warning was in effect for a large swath of east Texas and Louisiana.
Tornado sightings were reported in central Texas and north-central Louisiana, while high winds were snapping trees and causing other damage, the NWS reported.
The brunt of the storm system, also a concern for southern Arkansas, was expected to track eastward into Mississippi after dark, and possibly into Alabama on Monday morning.
The warnings come after severe weather killed at least 21 people in the South earlier this year, many in mobile homes demolished by tornadoes in Georgia and Mississippi. (Reporting by Letitia Stein in Tampa, Florida, and Steve Gorman in Los Angeles; Additional reporting by McGurty in New York; Editing by Phil Berlowitz and Sandra Maler)
Australian batsman Chris Lynn is licking his lips at the thought of New Zealand's short boundaries in the T20 tri-series with New Zealand and England, as his side prepare to come across the ditch following last night's opening win in Sydney.
Lynn, 27, top scored for Australia with 44 from 33 balls in the hosts' seven-wicket win, and is widely regarded as one of the biggest hitters in world cricket, picking up $2 million for his services in the recent Indian Premier League player auction.
With his success on Australia's bigger grounds, the thought of playing in New Zealand is a tantalising proposition for Lynn, and a surely terrifying thought for the Kiwi bowlers.
"I always love a short boundary," Lynn said after the match.
"I've never been to New Zealand, so I'm going in with an open mind."
"Where are we playing? Eden Park? There are some short boundaries on and off, but let me get off the mark first and then we'll see where we go."
April 12 Glaukos Corp:
* Glaukos Corporation acquires IOP Sensor System from Dose Medical
* Says terms of transaction were approved by a special committee consisting only of independent members of Glaukos' Board
* Glaukos Corp says terms of transaction were approved by a special committee consisting only of independent members of Glaukos' board of directors
* Glaukos Corp - acquired intraocular pressure sensor system assets and related liabilities from Dose Medical Corporation for $5.5 million in cash
* Glaukos- acquired IOP Sensor System for $5.5 million in cash, plus consideration of up to $9.5 million upon achievement of certain milestones Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday that Emmanuel Macron would be a strong president for France and she hoped he would win a run-off on May 7 against far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
As runner-up in last Sunday's opening ballot, Le Pen remains the underdog going into the run-off, but several polls have suggested she made a more impressive start to the last lap of campaigning than her rival Macron.
"I haven't the slightest doubt that Macron, should he win, which is what I hope for, would be a strong president," Merkel told the RND newspaper group in remarks to be published on Saturday.
Asked if Macron would have to prove that he wasn't "the German poodle" to win credibility among the French public and EU peers, Merkel said: "This term is simply absurd."
Macron is enthusiastic about the European Union and wants to enact pro-business reforms to boost growth. Le Pen has vowed to shut France's borders to immigrants, unwind EU institutions and restrict imports to protect jobs.
Merkel said any demands by Macron that Germany increase its contributions to the European Union would have to be discussed after the election.
"We will see. I can't anticipate the discussions with the future French president," she said.
Germany holds a national election on Sept. 24. Merkel's conservatives are five percentage points ahead of their center-left Social Democrat junior coalition partners in the polls.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
ROME The Knights of Malta, a Catholic chivalric order and global charity, elected a new, interim leader on Saturday to oversee a period of reform and restore calm to the organization after its recent row with the Vatican.
The previous grand master, Briton Matthew Festing, resigned in January after a month-long, highly public spat with the Vatican over the running of the group, which laid bare tensions between a reformist Pope Francis and his conservative critics.
In a secret ballot, 56 electors appointed Italian Giacomo Dalla Torre as Lieutenant of the Grand Master, giving him just a one-year mandate while reforms are carried out.
"Pope Francis has been informed by letter of the election result," the Knights said in a statement.
The Vatican appointed a special delegate to run the Rome-based body following Festing's departure and had pushed, behind the scenes, for the appointment of a compromise, interim leader.
Reformers, backed by the Vatican, want to re-vamp the order's constitution to make its government more transparent and better able to respond to the massive growth it has seen in recent years. They also want to make it possible for commoners to reach top positions.
Under the current monarchical hierarchy, the top Knights are required to have noble lineage.
The organization has a multi-million dollar budget, 13,000 members, 80,000 volunteers and 20,000 paid medical staff running refugee camps, drug treatment centers, disaster relief programs and clinics around the world.
(Reporting by Crispian Balmer; Editing by Giles Elgood)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A state and local partnership for training doctors celebrated a milestone at the annual Tobacco Settlement Endowment Trust (TSET) legislative breakfast on Friday.
Representatives from the Oklahoma State University Center for Health Sciences, TSET and Comanche County Memorial Hospital gathered to announce that the family medicine residency training program and the emergency medicine residency training program at Memorial are fully funded, self-sustaining programs.
In 2015 the TSET Board of Directors approved a $3.8 million grant to the OSU Center for Health Sciences to fund start-up costs to support up to 118 accredited residency slots across the state. A portion of the funds provided by TSET were used by OSU to support the residency programs in family medicine and emergency medicine at Memorial until the programs were fully funded through Medicare.
The family medicine and emergency medicine residency training programs at Memorial are now self-funded through Medicare's Direct and Indirect Graduate Medical Education (IME and DME) payment system which compensates teaching hospitals for Medicare's share of the costs directly related to training residents, according to a TSET news release.
Logo of Saudi Aramco is seen at the 20th Middle East Oil & Gas Show and Conference (MOES 2017) in Manama, Bahrain, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
RIYADH Prime Minister Theresa May and the chief of the London Stock Exchange (LSE.L) (LSE) pitched investments in Britain to the head of Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund on Wednesday during a two-day visit to Riyadh.
May, who left Riyadh later on Wednesday after talks with Saudi King Salman, discussed issues including security and trade with Britain's biggest Middle East trading partner, as the U.K. prepares to exit the European Union.
May and Xavier Rolet presented Yasir al-Rumayyan of the Saudi Public Investment Fund (PIF) with a "high-level overview of investment opportunities," according to a spokesman for the prime minister's office.
The LSE and other top stock exchanges are trying to win a slice of state oil company Saudi Aramco's initial public offering IPO-ARMO.SE, expected to be the world's biggest.
Saudi Arabia plans to transfer Aramco's shares into the PIF before listing up to 5 percent of the company, making the fund a key player in talks with the exchanges.
The IPO, expected in 2018, could be worth around $100 billion (£80.18 billion), Saudi officials have said, and will likely involve multiple exchanges.
The PIF is also expanding its profile with major investments abroad, including a pledge of up to $45 billion for the Vision Fund, a global technology fund it is creating with Japan's SoftBank.
Saudi officials said last year they expect the PIF to expand from $160 billion to about $2 trillion after the Aramco share transfer, which would make it the world's largest sovereign fund.
The PIF has not yet made any direct investments in British firms, but SoftBank is weighing plans to place its $8 billion stake in British chip designer ARM into the Vision Fund.
Before leaving for home, May said Britain was a firm supporter of Saudi Arabia's "Vision 2030" which she described as an ambitious reform plan.
"As a world leader across a range of sectors, the UK is well placed to help Saudi Arabia deliver these vital reforms," she said, according to a statement from her office.
The statement said that senior cabinet members including Chancellor Philip Hammond, Secretary of State for International Trade Liam Fox and Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson were expected to visit the Kingdom in coming months.
The Permanent Secretary at the Ministry of Defence, Stephen Lovegrove, will also visit the Kingdom next month for discussions on Saudi defence reform, which Britain has pledged to assist, it said.
Saudi Arabia is the largest recipient of British arms exports by far, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI).
Chinese and Russian military suppliers are also trying to gain a foothold in the Saudi market.
(Reporting by Katie Paul; Editing by Sami Aboudi and Andrew Bolton)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
VILLANOVA, Pa. — Big East freshman of the year Omari Spellman is staying in the NBA draft after helping Villanova win the national championship.
The school announced Spellman's decision Wednesday, the final day of the NCAA deadline for players who haven't hired an agent to withdraw from the draft and return to school. Spellman joins Donte DiVincenzo, Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges as Wildcats who left the champs for the NBA with eligibility remaining.
Spellman enrolled at Villanova in the fall of 2016 after attending St. Thomas More in Connecticut for his final season of prep basketball. After sitting out the 2016-17 season as an academic redshirt, Spellman averaged 10.9 points and 8.0 rebounds as the Wildcats set a school record with 36 victories. Spellman connected on 43 per cent of his 3-pointers and led the Wildcats with 59 blocked shots.
"The NBA people I have spoken with have been impressed with Omari's maturity and potential as a player," coach Jay Wright said. "He made a great impact on our program and we're thrilled that his efforts have led him to this opportunity."
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
March 29 China Star Entertainment Ltd- :
* Disposal Of The Entire Equity Interests In And The Sale Loan Due By Ace Season Holdings Limited
* Deal at an aggregate purchase price of hk$85 million
* Will record a gain of approximately hk$1.6 million upon disposal
* "expected that disposal will not have any significant impact on revenue and profits of group"
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
SINGAPORE, April 12 Rickmers Maritime, a Singapore-listed trust that operates container ships, said it would be wound up after it was unable to reach an agreement with its lenders to restructure its debt or raise new equity.
Rickmers said its failure to repay some debt obligations and various breaches in loan covenants cast material uncertainties on its ability to continue as a going concern.
"This situation places the trust in a situation of aggravated and unsustainable illiquidity going forward," it said in a statement on Wednesday.
The trust had flagged the going concern risk last year.
Rickmers joins other Singapore-listed companies that have struggled with debt over the last year. In March, oilfield services firm Ezra Holdings Ltd filed for U.S. Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Singapore banks, which were caught off-guard by the collapse of oilfield services company Swiber Holdings last year, have taken a hit as companies in the offshore and marine sector restructure debt.
"In light of the aggravated illiquidity and lack of new investors, the trustee-manager opines that it is impracticable to continue the trust and that it shall therefore be wound up," Rickmers said. (Reporting by Aradhana Aravindan; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Jan 14, 2016; Honolulu, HI, USA; PGA golfer Russell Henley tees off on the 17th hole during the first round of the Sony Open in Hawaii golf tournament at Waialae Country Club. Mandatory Credit: Brian Spurlock-USA TODAY Sports
Georgia native Russell Henley said he had “chills” thinking about his return to the U.S. Masters, a reward for his three-stroke victory at the Shell Houston Open in Texas on Sunday.
The amateur guitar player made a career-best 10 birdies to surge past a faltering Kang Sung-hoon and clinch his third PGA Tour victory.
“I just told myself to bear down, no matter whether I was winning or losing. When you embrace the challenge it calms you down a little bit,” Henley, who started the day four strokes behind Kang, said after carding 65 to finish at 20-under-par 268 at the Golf Club of Houston.
Kang, like Henley needing a win to qualify for the Masters starting on Thursday, never got his final round off the launch pad, battling to a 72.
The South Korean preserved solo second place by sinking a 15-foot par putt at the last to finish at 17-under, a stroke better than Americans Rickie Fowler and Luke List.
A spot in the Masters was reserved for the Houston winner, if not already exempt, and Henley heads to Augusta, Georgia for the year's first major championship, not far from his hometown of Macon.
“It gives me chills,” Henley, 27, said. “I've been trying not to think about it today but obviously it went through my head.”
He hopes to defy history in his fourth appearance at Augusta. Only four players have won the Houston PGA Tour event and then gone on to also claim the Green Jacket the next week, most recently Phil Mickelson in 2006.
Mickelson, one of 18 Augusta-bound players who made the cut in Houston, tied for 55th in his final tune-up for what he hopes will be a fourth Green Jacket.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry)
April 6 Danone:
* U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued an order on April 5 which will allow for the completion of the company's acquisition of WhiteWave
* Danone and WhiteWave expect the transaction to close within 5 business days as from the date of the court's order of April 5
* Danone had earlier won U.S. antitrust approval for its $10.4 billion WhiteWave takeover
* In July 2016, France's Danone first announced its WhiteWave acquisition, in a deal which Danone said would double the size of its U.S. business. The deal also marked Danone's largest acquisition since 2007.
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LEXINGTON, S.C. — Authorities in South Carolina say four people were found dead in a home in what appears to be a murder-suicide.
Lexington County Coroner Margaret Fisher said in a news release that the dead — a man, a woman and their two children — were found Sunday around 8 p.m. Fisher says it's believed all four died of gunshot wounds.
In a tweet, the Lexington County Sheriff's Department said the deaths appear to be a murder-suicide and the investigation is ongoing.
Fisher identified the dead as 26-year-old Marissa Hope Reynoso and two of her children, four-year-old Elijah Chavez and one-year-old Ezra Chavez. Also dead was 25-year-old Jorge Luis Chavez, who's believed to be the father of the two children.
Fisher says an older child of Reynoso wasn't at the home at the time.
A Ford logo is pictured at a store of the automaker, in Mexico City, Mexico, April 5, 2016. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido/File Photo
MONTREAL, DETROIT Ford Motor Co (F.N) will announce on Thursday production of a new engine in the Canadian province of Ontario, two sources familiar with the matter said, in an investment that would boost Canada's auto industry after years of job losses to Mexico and the United States.
The sources said the 7X engine, for large pickup trucks, is to be announced with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the Ford Essex Engine Plant in Windsor, Ontario, on Thursday morning.
It is part of the C$700 million ($525.05 million) in new investments secured during a 2016 agreement between Ford and its 7,000 unionized Canadian workers, the sources said. Investments in Windsor's two engine plants are expected to account for about C$600 million ($450.05 million).
Spokesmen for Ford and Trudeau declined to comment.
Brian Maxim, a vice president at AutoForecast Solutions, said in a telephone interview that the 7.0-litre, V8 engine would have more torque and be more fuel efficient than the 6.8-litre V10 engine now built in Windsor and used in Ford's super- duty trucks, such as its F-250s.
Maxim said he expected Ford to produce about 125,000 units of the new engine per year, starting in 2019.
Ford's F-Series pickup trucks have been the best-selling model in the United States since 1982.
New investment in engine production in Canada was seen as vital because the large V8 and V10 motors now built by Ford in Windsor were expected to end production in four years.
Between 2001 and 2013, some 14,300 jobs were lost in vehicle manufacturing in Canada, according to Hamilton's Automotive Policy Research Center.
(Reporting By Allison Lampert in Montreal and Nick Carey in Detroit; Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa)
Two men have been remanded in custody charged in connection with a €250,000 drug seizure in Swords, Co Dublin.
The two, Mariusz Szularek (33) and Lukasz Puksza (37), both appeared before Judge Dermot Dempsey at Swords District Court on Tuesday morning charged with possessing cannabis for sale or supply, after they were arrested at two properties at Cian Lea and Aston Close during a Garda operation on Monday.
Officers from the Drugs and Organised Crime Bureau told the court that when Mr Szularek was charged at Ballymun Garda station at 11.37pm on Monday, he replied: “Everything what I said,” after caution.
Mr Puksza made no reply after caution.
Solicitors representing the men said there was no application for bail.
Mr Szularek and Mr Puksza did not address the court during the brief hearing.
As there were no bail applications, the judge remanded both men in custody to appear before Cloverhill District Court on May 1st.
Wang Yi, Chinese Minister for Foreign Affairs, speaks before a meeting of the Security Council inside of United Nations (U.N.) headquarters in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
UNITED NATIONS China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi urged North Korea on Friday to stop its nuclear and missile development activities and cautioned all parties that "the use of force does not solve differences and will only lead to bigger disasters."
Wang also told the U.N. Security Council: "China is not the focal point of the problem on the peninsula. The key to solving the nuclear issue on the peninsula does not lie in the hands of the Chinese side."
He said the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea "seriously undermines" China's strategic security and damages trust among parties on the North Korean issue.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols and Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 13 Onex Corp:
* Onex Corp- normal course issuer bid permitting Onex to purchase for cancellation up to 10% of public float in its subordinate voting shares, or 8.4 million shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
They say opposites attract. But these days, maybe not so much.
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply.
"This was like a dealbreaker for me," says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area. "If you are Trump supporter, I'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee."
It's not just an issue of party politics, Jagosz says. It's about core values. Love, she says, cannot conquer all.
"If you don't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that's OK — I don't wanna date you if you think that behavior's OK," Jagosz says. "If that's not a dealbreaker for you, then you and I have nothing to talk about."
As another single put it in her profile, "Red hats need not apply."
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with "Make America Great Again" — have been feeling the same way.
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted him to launch TrumpSingles.com.
"Yeah, it's both ways," Goss says. "You know, like a liberal doesn't want to date a Nazi. And a republican doesn't want to date, well, a whiny snowflake, and that's what they're viewing each other as."
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they're sick of the "lefties" refusing to even give them a chance.
"[The liberals] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh, you must be a racist; oh, you must be a homophobe; oh, you must be a misogynist,' " Goss says. "They're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them."
Helen Fisher, the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com, says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum.
"There's a real distinct difference that we're seeing today, and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views," she says.
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum. And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around.
"I think it's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK, you like this person, well, you must be like that person then,' " Fisher says. "America is taking this very, very personally. No question about it."
Looking back now, it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993.
As Carville famously put it once, "You can love the sinner and hate the sin."
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree.
But today, singles seem to be saying they just can't do that.
"I mean, I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other, but it's just not going to work that way," Goss says.
His Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members. LiberalHearts.com, founded by Salvatore Prano, is up to nearly 50,000.
"There's more activity now than ever," Prano says. "I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other's arms."
But there is one other option for lonely liberals. Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com, a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians "to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency." Goldman became his own first client.
"I can't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [after the election]," he says. "That's not the country I want to live in. So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values, like Canada."
It may be better than the alternative. According to the new Match.com survey, a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all.
Sergio Romero has not given up hopes of toppling David De Gea and become Manchester United's first-choice goalkeeper, the Argentina international said ahead of their Europa League second-leg tie against Anderlecht on Thursday.
Romero, who joined United in 2015 on a free transfer from Sampdoria, featured in 13 games this season for Jose Mourinho's side including eight appearances in Europe's second tier competition.
"You always hope to be number one and it's something you work for every week," Romero, 30, told reporters. "To come here was a great opportunity and a great challenge to accept."
"I try to work hard in every training session throughout each week to show the manager I'm ready and show everybody that if called upon I'm in good shape, confidence wise and ability wise, to go out there and not let the team down."
Mourinho has said Romero will play against Anderlecht at Old Trafford as United look to progress to the semi-finals following their 1-1 draw in Belgium last week.
Asked if Romero is now the club's confirmed first choice for the rest of the European campaign, Mourinho said, "No, he's not my goalkeeper for the Europa League. He's my goalkeeper for tomorrow.
"David's priority is to play in the Premier League but I don't like the complete separation. I cannot say every match is for one or the other.
"The reality is that Sergio is very stable, he's very experienced, he's playing very well."
United is fifth in the Premier league, four points behind fourth-placed Manchester City albeit with a game in hand and need to finish the season in the top four or win the Europa League to qualify for next season's Champions League.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Worshippers take part in a mass, ahead of Pope Francis' visit, in a church in Cairo, Egypt April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Pope Francis shakes hands with Alitalia's flight attendant as he boards a plane for his pastoral trip to Egypt at the Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport in Rome, Italy, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
A gust of wind blows Pope Francis' mantle as he boards for his pastoral trip to Egypt at the Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport in Rome, Italy, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis waves as he leaves for his pastoral trip to Egypt at the Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport in Rome, Italy, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Pope Francis shakes hands with Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi at the Ittihadiya presidential palace in Cairo, Egypt April 28, 2017. in this handout picture courtesy of the Egyptian Presidency. The Egyptian Presidency/Handout via REUTERS
A guest uses mobile phone during a meeting with Pope Francis and Al-Azhar's Grand Imam Ahmed al-Tayeb at the Al-Azhar International peace conference at Cairo, Egypt April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi meets Pope Francis upon his arrival to Cairo, Egypt April 28, 2017 in this handout picture courtesy of the Egyptian Presidency. The Egyptian Presidency/Handout via REUTERS
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi meets Pope Francis upon his arrival to Cairo, Egypt April 28, 2017 in this handout picture courtesy of the Egyptian Presidency. The Egyptian Presidency/Handout via REUTERS
Pope Francis is welcomed upon his arrival at Cairo International airport, Egypt April 28, 2017. Osservatore Romano/Handout via REUTERS
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi greets Pope Francis upon his arrival to Cairo, Egypt April 28, 2017 in this handout picture courtesy of the Egyptian Presidency. The Egyptian Presidency/Handout via REUTERS
CAIRO Pope Francis, starting a two-day visit to Egypt, urged Muslim leaders on Friday to unite in renouncing religious extremism at a time when Islamist militants are targeting ancient Christian communities across the Middle East.
Francis's trip, aimed at improving Christian-Muslim ties, comes just three weeks after Islamic State suicide bombers killed at least 45 people in two Egyptian churches. (For a graphic on bombings of Egyptian Coptic churches click tmsnrt.rs/2qnswgD)
"Let us say once a more firm and clear 'No!' to every form of violence, vengeance and hatred carried out in the name of religion or in the name of God," the pope told a peace conference at Egypt's highest Islamic authority, Al-Azhar.
Francis is meeting an array of religious and political leaders in his brief stay, telling reporters travelling on his plane that he was carrying a message of peace and unity.
Eschewing the armoured motorcades normally reserved for visiting heads of state, the 80-year-old pontiff instead clambered into a simple Fiat car on his arrival, and, with his window wound down, drove off into the heavily guarded capital.
"Pope of Peace in Egypt of Peace," read posters plastered along the largely deserted road leading from the airport.
He is the second pope to visit Egypt, the most populous Arab nation, following John Paul II, who came in 2000, a year before the September 11 attacks on the United States that convulsed Western relations with the Muslim world.
While Egypt has escaped the sort of violence that has engulfed Syria and Iraq, its Christian community has felt the full force of Islamist militants over the past six months, with bomb attacks in several churches.
"It is our duty to unmask the peddlers of illusions about the afterlife, those who preach hatred in order to rob simple people of their present life," the pontiff said in his second speech of the day, to Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.
"Egypt is on the front lines of the confrontation against terrorism, which our nation is bearing with steadfastness and sacrifice ... determined to defeat it and end it and to hold on to our unity and not let it divide us," Sisi said.
Sisi's attempts to bring security to Egypt have been rattled by attacks on Christians, but a successful papal visit will help bolster his country's international image.
The Egyptian president seized power in 2013, ousting the Muslim Brotherhood and its Islamist supporters from office in a bloody crackdown.
The pope appeared on Friday to criticise the notion of political Islam, saying: "Religion risks being absorbed into the administration of temporal affairs and tempted by the allure of worldly powers that in fact exploit it."
"HATRED AND VIOLENCE"
The pontiff has repeatedly said that Christian-Muslim dialogue is the only way to confront Islamist fundamentalism, but his message carried special resonance inside Al-Azhar, where he was a guest of its Grand Imam, Sheikh Ahmed al-Tayeb, widely considered among the most moderate clerics in Egypt.
In his own speech, Tayeb said militants had "carelessly" and "ignorantly" misinterpreted religious texts. "Islam is not a religion of terrorism," he said.
Francis stressed the importance of good education. "To counter effectively the barbarity of those who foment hatred and violence, we need to accompany young people," he said.
Tayeb visited the Vatican last year, restoring relations with the Roman Catholic Church after they had been cut in 2011 in protest at what Egyptian Muslim leaders said were insults directed at Islam by Francis's predecessor, Pope Benedict.
The pope has been applauded by moderate Muslims for his efforts to improve relations. He has washed the feet of Muslims during Holy Week ceremonies and last year brought Syrian Muslim refugees back to Italy with him from a Greek migrant centre.
His visit to Cairo is also aimed at bolstering sometimes frosty relations with Coptic churches, and he met Pope Tawadros II, head of the Coptic Orthodox Church, who narrowly escaped a church bombing in Alexandria this month.
He went to Cairo's largest Coptic cathedral to pray for the 28 people killed in a Christmas season blast last year and lay flowers in their memory. Copts represent about 10 percent of Egypt's 92 million population.
Christians complain that they are ostracised by the state and do not enjoy the same rights as the Muslim majority.
"It's in the state's interests to protect its nationals and the Copts are not an independent people, they are part and parcel of the nation itself," said Father Boulos Halim, spokesman of the Coptic Orthodox church.
Jean-Francois Xavier, of the French Catholic church's office for Christian-Muslim relations, said Egypt's Christians felt sadness and fear but the pope's visit "gives us new hope because we have to believe that a human being is able to build peace for the world".
(Additional reporting by Eric Knecht and Lin Noueihed; Writing by Crispian Balmer; Editing by Richard Lough and Giles Elgood)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
FILE PHOTOS: A combination of file photos show U.S. President Donald Trump (C) in Washington March 1, 2017, Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) in Tokyo November 18, 2014, and Chinese President Xi Jinping (L) at London's Heathrow Airport, October 19, 2015. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/Toru Hanai/Lucas Jackson/File Photos
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump will speak on Sunday with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Chinese President Xi Jinping, a senior administration official said, speaking on condition of anonymity, with North Korea expected to be discussed.
Tensions have risen sharply with North Korea over its advancing nuclear and missile programs. Pyongyang said on Sunday it was ready to sink a U.S. aircraft carrier to demonstrate its military might and detained a U.S. citizen on Saturday as he attempted to leave the country.
(Reporting by Phil Stewart; Editing by Peter Cooney)
HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - India needs to convince the country's poor that bailing out banks is in their interests. That is the top challenge facing Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government as it seeks to clean up state-owned lenders. Meanwhile, banks are scared of being accused of selling bad assets too cheaply. Any comprehensive plan will have to overcome both hurdles.
Using taxpayers' money to prop up banks which made dodgy loans is always difficult to justify. In a developing country with widespread poverty it is even harder. Tycoon Vijay Mallya has already caused a public outrage by leaving the country with big debts unresolved.
Bank chiefs, meanwhile, prefer to sit on problem assets. Clearing bad loans off the balance sheet would not only crystallise hefty losses. It would also open executives to accusations by investigative agencies of selling the loans to private investors too cheaply.
Nevertheless, a cleanup is overdue. India's most recent annual economic survey estimates the real level of stressed loans at state banks might amount to as much as a fifth of the total.
Indian Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian reckons the government can afford a bailout. Assuming a 60 percent haircut to the value of the bad loans, a bailout might cost up to 4 percent of GDP, he said at the Credit Suisse Asian Investment Conference in Hong Kong on March 29. That would be painful, but manageable.
The political hurdles help explain why India is taking so long to act and why arguments for setting up a state-backed bad bank are gathering pace. One idea floated by Subramanian would be for the government to take charge of some of the biggest problem assets. Just 50 companies account for about 70 percent of the debt owed by firms whose pre-tax profit is lower than their annual interest bill.
Another idea from the Reserve Bank of India suggests setting up a state-backed bad bank to target specific sectors like power, where factors such as lower than expected demand have helped to cause the problem.
Whatever the final fix, India needs a solution that provides political cover for writing down debt and recapitalising banks with public funds. Otherwise the cleanup of state banks will remain stuck.
ABU DHABI, April 12 Low oil prices and a sluggish economy hit Abu Dhabi's property market in the first quarter of 2017, property specialists Chestertons said on Wednesday.
Its property market has been under pressure for more than a year after oil-rich Abu Dhabi had to cut government spending and lay off thousands of workers at state-linked companies partly because of lower oil revenues.
"Sales prices are expected to further decline due to redundancies attributed to the shrinkage of the oil and gas sector," Robin Teh, UAE Country Manager at Chestertons, said in the report.
"We believe the trend of downsizing or moving to more affordable areas will continue until 2018, when an expected increase in government spending could improve market sentiment."
Average sales prices of apartments fell one percent and villa prices dropped 9 percent in the three months ending March 31 compared to the last quarter of 2016, Chestertons' quarterly report said.
The rental market was also depressed with rents for apartments and villas falling by 3 percent in the first quarter versus the previous quarter, it said.
In neighbouring Dubai, the Gulf's main financial centre which is not directly affected by the oil market, rents and prices were stable for apartments or villas in the first quarter, real estate firm JLL said in a report this week.
"This suggests that the residential sector is currently poised close to the bottom of its cycle," JLL said.
The Dubai real estate market has softened since late 2014.
But the JLL report said any recovery in residential prices in Dubai was unlikely before late 2017 at the earliest given a continued slowdown in the Dubai economy, and its dependence upon the global economy.
(Reporting By Stanley Carvalho; additional reporting by Alex Cornwell. Editing by Jane Merriman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* ConocoPhillips reduces output at Surmont by 40 percent - sources
* Nexen reduces output at Long Lake by 48 percent - sources
* Syncrude's outage has forced other plants to reduce output
* Cash crude grades trade at multi-year highs on cuts (Updates with Nexen production cut figure)
By Nia Williams and Catherine Ngai
CALGARY, Alberta/NEW YORK, April 6 Two oil sands producers in northern Alberta have cut production at their facilities due to a shortage of synthetic crude, market sources said on Thursday, causing Canadian and U.S. crude prices to surge to multi-year highs.
Synthetic supplies are scarce following a fire at the 350,000 barrel-per-day (bpd) Syncrude plant in March that damaged the facility and forced the operator to bring forward maintenance and cut production for April to zero.
As a result ConocoPhillips reduced output at its 140,000 bpd Surmont project, a joint venture with Total E&P Canada, by 40 percent, two market sources said. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to the media.
The company mixes synthetic crude from Syncrude with tarry bitumen from its oil sands reservoir to create a heavy crude blend known as "synbit" that can flow through pipelines.
CNOOC Ltd subsidiary Nexen Energy, which likewise uses synthetic crude to dilute its bitumen, cut output from its Long Lake oil sands project this month by 48 percent, said one of the two sources, as well as two separate sources.
Long Lake usually produces around 40,000 bpd of undiluted bitumen, one source said.
ConocoPhillips spokeswoman Michelle McCullagh, who earlier this week confirmed that the Syncrude outage affected Surmont output, declined to comment on the size of the production cut.
Nexen Energy spokeswoman Brittney Price said her company does not publish production or maintenance operations for individual assets.
Syncrude, a joint venture majority-owned by Suncor Energy Inc, is expected to return to operations the first week of May but will be running at reduced rates that month, trading sources said on Wednesday.
The oil sands outages have boosted Canadian heavy crude prices, with the benchmark Western Canada Select blend for May delivery last trading close to a 22-month high of $9.60 a barrel below U.S. crude, according to Shorcan Energy brokers.
On Wednesday WCS settled at $9.85 per barrel below U.S. crude.
Meanwhile, Mars Sour WTC-MRS traded up to $1.20 a barrel discount to U.S. crude on Thursday, the narrowest discount since September 2015, according to Reuters data. Light Louisiana Sweet WTC-LLS traded up to $2.35 a barrel over WTI, the widest premium since March 2016. (Editing by Matthew Lewis and Chris Reese)
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON, April 20 Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert Kaplan said on Thursday that three interest rate hikes this year remains possible but that the U.S. central bank has the flexibility to wait and see how the economy unfolds.
"The median for three rate increases this year...is still a good baseline. If the economy develops a little more slowly, then we can do less than that and if the economy is a little stronger, we can do more than that," he said in an interview with Bloomberg TV.
The Fed raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter percentage point at its March policy meeting. (Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir)
* Banks start reporting results on Thursday
* Financial stocks weigh most on S&P, defensive sectors up
* S&P 500 falls below 50-day moving average; VIX, gold rise
* Indexes down: Dow 0.35 pct, S&P 0.43 pct, Nasdaq 0.51 pct (Updates to early afternoon)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 12 U.S. stocks drifted lower on Wednesday as investors sought shelter in safe-haven assets amid lingering geopolitical worries, while keeping the upcoming earnings season in sight.
The United States launched missiles at a Syrian airfield last week to retaliate a deadly chemical attack on civilians. The strikes pushed President Donald Trump, who came to power in January calling for warmer ties with Syria's ally Russia, and his administration into confrontation with Moscow.
Investors are concerned that these developments could distract Trump from pursuing his pro-business policies such as tax cuts, simpler regulations and higher infrastructure spending, promises that have powered Wall Street to record highs since his election in November.
The S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average, while gold and VIX, Wall Street's fear gauge, rose to their highest levels in five months.
At 12:35 p.m. ET (1635 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 72.27 points, or 0.35 percent, at 20,579.03 and the S&P 500 was down 10.19 points, or 0.43 percent, at 2,343.59. The indexes were on track for their worst one-day percentage decline in over three weeks.
The Nasdaq Composite was down 30.18 points, or 0.51 percent, at 5,836.60.
The worst hit were financials and industrials, sectors which have outperformed the broader market in the post-election rally.
The S&P 500 financial sector was off 0.83 percent, but was the biggest drag on the index due to a drop in bank heavyweights including Wells Fargo and Bank of America .
Industrials were off 1 percent, weighed down by General Electric, Union Pacific Corp and Boeing .
"Technically, we are due for a breather and if the earnings season disappoints, it could provide the correction that we need," said Josh Jalinski, president of Jalinski Advisory Group.
Wells Fargo, along with Citigroup and JPMorgan , will unofficially kick off the first-quarter earnings season on Thursday, which will also be the last trading day of the week ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower.
Utilities, consumer staples and telecom services, defensive sectors with slow but predictable growth, were up.
Tractor Supply was the biggest percentage loser on the S&P, down nearly 7 percent following a profit warning from the specialty retailer.
Delta Air Lines was up 1.3 percent at $45.84, boosted by a better-than-expected quarterly profit and an upbeat forecast for current-quarter passenger unit revenue.
(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Prescient Therapeutics Ltd:
* ‍U.S. FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION HAS LIFTED CLINICAL HOLD PLACED ON CO‘S TRIAL OF PTX-200 ​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Updates prices)
By James Regan
SYDNEY May 2 Copper rose sharply on Tuesday as investors returned from a three-day weekend in most of Asia with a renewed appetite for industrial commodities.
The gains in both London Metal Exchange and Shanghai Futures Exchange copper were aided by advances in Asian stocks on easing concerns over North Korea, commodities traders said.
COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange gained 1 percent to $5,769 a tonne by 0700 GMT, building on gains from the last session on Friday.
SHANGHAI: The most-traded copper contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange rose 1.2 percent to 46,790 yuan ($6,785) a tonne. Both exchanges were closed on Monday for Labour Day.
GRASBERG PROTEST: Thousands of workers from the Indonesian unit of Freeport McMoRan Inc staged a rally near its Papua mine on Monday, a union leader said, protesting against layoffs by the miner due to a contract dispute with the government.
HARD STEEL: Chinese steel futures climbed to their highest in almost a month on Tuesday, supported by restocking demand following a long holiday weekend that also lifted raw material iron ore.
NEW ORE SOURCE: A mineral-rich region of Papua New Guinea has lifted a 40-year-old ban on new mining and exploration, opening the way for iron ore and copper operations.
LEAD: LME lead recoiled after initially building on strong gains last week to trade slightly lower at $2,246 a tonne. The downside is seen cushioned by falling warehouse inventories.
Stocks in LME-registered warehouses MPBSTX-TOTAL have fallen 13 percent to 165,275 tonnes over the last 27 days, their lowest in more than a year. ShFE lead maintained day-long gains to end 1.3 percent higher at 16,485 yuan a tonne.
EASING TENSIONS: Worries about tensions over the Korean peninsula eased slightly after U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday opened the door to meeting North Korea's Kim Jon Un, saying he would be honoured to meet the young leader under the right circumstances.
MARKETS NEWS: Asian shares rose to near two-year highs on growing optimism over tech industry earnings and easing concerns over North Korea.
* For the top stories in metals and other news, click or
DATA/EVENTS 0145 China Caixin manufacturing PMI final Apr 0750 France Markit manufacturing PMI Apr 0755 Germany Markit/BME manufacturing PMI Apr 0800 Euro zone Markit manufacturing PMI final Apr 0900 Euro zone Unemployment rate Mar 1345 U.S. ISM-New York index Apr Federal Open Market Committee starts two-day policy meeting
PRICES
Three month LME copper
Most active ShFE copper
Three month LME aluminium
Most active ShFE aluminium
Three month LME zinc
Most active ShFE zinc
Three month LME lead
Most active ShFE lead
Three month LME nickel
Most active ShFE nickel
Three month LME tin
Most active ShFE tin
ARBS ($1 = 6.8966 Chinese yuan)
(Reporting by James Regan; Editing by Richard Pullin and Biju Dwarakanath)
A Commerzbank logo is pictured before the bank's annual news conference in Frankfurt, Germany, February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
FRANKFURT Commerzbank (CBKG.DE) is launching a 6 billion euro (5.13 billion pounds) loan offering for small- and medium-sized companies as it seeks to benefit from growing loan demand in anticipation of rising interest rates, an executive told Reuters.
"Many CFOs believe that a hike in interest rates is nearing and want to fill their coffers ahead of time," said Michael Reuther, who heads the bank's corporate clients unit, which has recently been merged with Commerzbank's investment bank.
"In recent years demand was low," Reuther said, adding that the lender hoped to compensate part of the dent that low interest rates have left on the unit with the loan initiative.
Commerzbank expects group earnings to remain flat this year and in 2016 saw its net profit fall by three quarters to 279 million euros, blaming low interest rates and weak loan demand.
The bank is targeting winning 10,000 new customers mainly among companies with sales of 15-100 million euros, a segment where competition mainly from local savings banks is fierce, Reuther said.
Despite the pressure from peers, Commerzbank will not sacrifice its margins, he said, adding: "We do not want to be the cheapest supplier on the market."
(Reporting by Alexander Hübner; Writing by Arno Schuetze; Editing by Harro ten Wolde)
DETROIT, April 28 General Motors Co on Friday reported a jump in quarterly net profit driven by strong sales of full-size trucks and crossovers in the United States and cost cutting.
The No. 1 U.S. automaker reported a first-quarter net profit of $2.6 billion or $1.70 per share, up 33 percent from $1.95 billion or $1.24 per share a year earlier. Analysts had on average expected earnings per share of $1.48. (Reporting By Nick Carey; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 10 Japan's Toyota Motor Corp said it had invested $1.33 billion in its Kentucky plant as part of the automaker's plan to invest $10 billion in the United States over the next five years.
The move comes amid U.S. President Donald Trump's threat to change trade rules to make them more favorable for American jobs, undermining some Japanese exporters' confidence in their manufacturing plans and likely sales in the United States. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
* U.S. central bank downplays Q1 economic weakness
* Apple falls after surprise dip in iPhone sales
* Delphi soars after spinoff announcement
* Dow up 0.04 pct, S&P down 0.13 pct, Nasdaq down 0.37 pct (Updates with close of U.S. market)
By Lewis Krauskopf
May 3 Wall Street ended slightly lower on Wednesday after the U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates unchanged and investors digested another heavy round of earnings reports.
The benchmark S&P 500 reduced its losses following the statement from the U.S. central bank, which downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labor market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June. Investors are betting on a 65-percent chance of a hike in June, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The S&P financial sector, seen benefiting in a rising rate environment, ended up 0.6 percent after the Fed's bullish statement, leading all groups. Seven of the 11 major sectors finished negative, however.
The Fed is in its first tightening cycle in more than a decade after it spent years keeping rates near zero to help the economy following the 2007-2009 recession.
"The Fed is communicating its mantra of gradual rate hikes," said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. "The next time they will likely raise rates would be June."
The S&P 500 lost 3.04 points, or 0.13 percent, to 2,388.13. The Nasdaq Composite dropped 22.82 points, or 0.37 percent, to 6,072.55, its biggest percentage drop in about three weeks.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 8.01 points, or 0.04 percent, to 20,957.9.
The S&P 500 has returned to within 8 points of its all-time high during an earnings season that generally come in above expectations.
First-quarter profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to increase 14.2 percent, its strongest growth since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Apple shares fell 0.3 percent, weighing on indexes, but recovering from steeper losses after the company's quarterly report, in which it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales.
The S&P 500 has climbed 11.6 percent since President Donald Trump's Nov. 8 election, fueled by hopes for tax cuts, deregulation and infrastructure spending, though investors have questioned his ability to enact his agenda.
"There was a lot of optimism based on the Trump agenda at the start of the new year and it has started to peter out," said Robert Pavlik, chief market strategist at Boston Private in New York.
In other corporate news, Sprint shares slid 14.3 percent after the U.S. wireless carrier did not give specifics on deals it would pursue, even as its quarterly loss narrowed.
Delphi Automotive shares jumped 10.9 percent. The company said it plans to spin off operations tied to internal combustion engines and focus on technology for electrically powered and self-driving vehicles. The stock was the biggest percentage gainer in the S&P 500.
The New York Times Co rose 12.6 percent after the newspaper publisher reported its biggest quarterly revenue growth in six years.
After the close, Facebook Inc reported a 76.6-percent surge in quarterly profit, fueled by its mobile ad business.
About 7.3 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.6 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.
NYSE declining issues outnumbered advancing ones by 1.47-to-1; on Nasdaq, a 1.79-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 31 new 52-week highs and 7 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 83 new highs and 71 new lows. (Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Nick Zieminski)
Dive Brief:
The idea of creating a makerspace can be daunting, but October Smith, the K-12 science coordinator for Lamar Conslidated ISD in Texas, shared tips with teachers during last week's Texas Computer Education Association convention.
According to eSchool News, Smith said teachers shouldn't be afraid to tinker with makerspaces, just like students are encouraged to do, and that includes experimenting with makerspace formats – during a summer camp, during the school year with Title I'm funding or as a monthlong pilot, for example.
She also suggested embedding makerspace activities into classroom lesson plans, exploring partnerships with volunteers and local foundations to make projects possible, communicating long-term plans with students, parents, colleagues and administrators, and giving students the freedom to fail and present on those experiences, too.
Dive Insight:
Schools and community organizations across the country have latched onto the makerspace trend, exploring ways to get students working with their hands, practicing perseverance and teamwork skills, and thinking like scientists and engineers. Some schools have retrofitted libraries to make room for makerspaces, incorporated maker time into after school clubs, and used the trend to get students excited about science, technology, engineering and math, or STEM.
Key for districts is going beyond short-term visits to a makerspace. These opportunities should be used to pique students' interest in STEM and then be followed up by guidance counselors and teachers who can direct students to credit-bearing course opportunities and long-term career options.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - A North Korean foreign ministry delegation is heading to Moscow for talks over mutual cooperation, the Russian Embassy in North Korea said on Friday.
Reporting by Maria Kiselyova; Editing by Christian Lowe
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks fell in volatile trading while the dollar pared losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected interest rate hike and announced it would begin cutting its huge holdings of bonds this year.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
The Welsh Government is in “close contact” with a multi-national company over potential job losses at its Flintshire site.
Senedd officials are said to be in discussions with Kimberly Clark over its plans to restructure its workforce announced last month.
The American company announced that as part of efforts to streamline the business, up to 10 manufacturing plants would be closed or sold.
As a result, up to 5,500 jobs could be lost, accounting for around 12 to 13 per cent of current personnel.
About 200 staff are employed at the company's dual mill site in Flint but as yet no further details have been released in terms of potential impact to the Flintshire location.
Hannah Blythyn, Labour AM for Delyn, sought reassurance from Welsh Government that they would support the Aber Road plant and workforce.
She said: “I've raised Kimberly- Clark in Flint with the cabinet secretary for economy and infrastructure and have received assurances that the Welsh Government is in close contact with the company.
“The Flintshire site is one of the most successful plants and the Welsh Government is committed to continuing to support the site to go from strength to strength.”
The Flint mill is part of the company's consumer business and is the home of Huggies baby wipes.
Constructed in 1982, the plant was originally a producer of feminine hygiene products.
In 2003, it benefited from an investment of £40 million for the manufacture of baby wipes and in 2015 a further £28m was invested to convert capabilities for wet wipes.
The company's Coleshill mill, on the same site, was constructed in 1991 and officially opened by the Queen.
Folded and rolled bathroom tissue and wiper products for professional customers are made on site.
A Kimberly Clark spokesman said: “The company is not providing specifics on the status of any of our production facilities or the proposed job reductions, beyond what is detailed in our press release, until final decisions are made and announced.
“The timing of those announcements will be determined by the needs of the business and appropriate consultation and/or negotiations with unions, works councils and other labour stakeholders.”
In its statement, Kimberly Clark said its savings programme “is expected to broadly impact all of the company's business segments and organisations in each major geography.”
NEW DELHI, April 6 Toyota Motor Corp will recall 23,157 units of the Corolla Altis luxury sedan in India because of ongoing issues with airbags manufactured by Takata Corp, the company's local unit said in a statement on Thursday.
The recalled Corolla Altis sedans were manufactured between January 2010 and December 2012 in India, the Japanese carmaker said. (Reporting by Aditi Shah; Editing by Malini Menon)
On witnessing the party atmosphere at Dublin Castle when the referendum result was announced last Saturday, the ending of the original Planet of the Apes film came to mind, as Charlton Heston, playing Taylor, in utter shock, bent down and cried “You maniacs! You blew it up! Ah, damn you! God damn you all to hell!”.
This is now a fitting epitaph of Ireland, and indeed for our own sordid little planet of the man apes.
John Austin, Limavady
Dirk Meissner, The Canadian Press
NANAIMO, B.C. - Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke over jeers Friday at a rowdy town hall meeting in Nanaimo, B.C., as he defended his government's decision to support the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline through the province.
Trudeau said the pipeline is a key component of the federal government's approach to cutting greenhouse gas emissions, which means Ottawa had to get a national agreement on carbon pricing that will allow Canada to meet its international commitments on climate change.
“But in order to do that, part of moving forward is approving the Kinder Morgan pipeline, which will be able to get our resources responsibly and safely to new markets across the Pacific,” he said, adding the government's ocean protection plan will better protect the coastline from oil spills at the same time.
“It is in the national interest to move forward with the Kinder Morgan pipeline, and we will be moving forward with the Kinder Morgan pipeline.”
The town hall was often raucous.
The prime minister faced a mix of cheers and boos on his arrival. When he spoke about the pipeline, he was repeatedly interrupted, causing him to show his frustration at one point by exclaiming: “Come on! Come on! Really?”
“If you can't respect the people in this room, you need to leave,” he said before asking the police to remove those who were disrupting the event.
Police physically removed a man and a woman as someone else shouted: “Shame on you Trudeau.”
Trudeau spoke to an overflow crowd in the gymnasium at Vancouver Island University, while dozens of protesters carried anti-pipeline placards outside.
The final town hall of his cross-country tour started almost an hour late because of travel delays caused by weather, officials said. So many people wanted to attend the event that organizers were shifting seating in the gym at the last minute to make room.
B.C. announced proposals earlier this week that would ban increased shipments of diluted bitumen off its coast until it can determine that shippers are prepared and able to properly clean up a spill.
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley has called that an unconstitutional attempt to get around federal approval of the Kinder Morgan project, which would triple the capacity of the pipeline and increase the number of tankers in Georgia Strait from five to 34 per month.
Notley promised to suspend electricity talks with the province in its first step to fight against the B.C. government's proposal. Up to $500 million annually for B.C.'s coffers hangs in the balance, Notley said.
B.C. Premier John Horgan said earlier this week his government consulted Alberta and Ottawa about his province's intentions, which includes appointing a scientific advisory panel to study the issue.
When Don Henley began his encore on Saturday night at the Santa Barbara Bowl, he said, “I want to thank you for 40 great years.”
Our pleasure, really.
Henley kicked things off with his 1982 hit song “Dirty Laundry,” which he described as a “Valentine to tabloid media, and Rupert Murdoch in particular.” Henley sings from some experience on such matters, having been charged with contributing to the delinquency of a minor after a 16-year-old prostitute was found passed out from a drug overdose at his Los Angeles mansion in 1979, an incident that naturally generated a lot of media attention. Dirty laundry, indeed. It is widely believed that the “bubble headed bleach blonde” mentioned in the song was a Los Angeles anchorwoman who eagerly covered the story.
Moving on, Henley played other solo hits that were seemingly all over the radio in the 1980s and have aged quite well: “Sunset Grill,” “New York Minute,” “The End of the Innocence,” “The Heart of the Matter,” “The Boys of Summer,” “All She Wants to Do Is Dance” and “The Last Worthless Evening.”
Before the latter, Henley told a story of being at a Hollywood party in the ‘80s at which he saw “the most gorgeous blond woman” across the room, who was sitting and smoking next to Jack Nicholson, but didn't seem to be enjoying the party. Desperately wanting to meet her and with alcohol-fueled bravery, Henley decided to bum a cigarette off her, even though he didn't smoke. He got the cigarette but not the girl, and Nicholson mocked his attempted pickup with, “Excellent work, Henley,” who then “crawled back across the room,” smoked the cigarette, and went home and wrote the song.
Of course, Henley was in a band before becoming a solo artist, namely a little old band called the Eagles, whose catalog was revisited with the beloved classics “One of These Nights,” “Life in the Fast Line,” “The Long Run,” “Hotel California” and “Desperado,” all faithfully reproduced by Henley and the stellar band.
Henley made some interesting choices for songs to cover. One was Tears for Fears' “Everybody Wants to Rule the World,” heard not too long ago at the Chumash Casino by the the original performers, and getting the Bowl crowd on their feet. Another was Kool & The Gang's “Funky Stuff,” after which Henley said, “I wish I could write stuff like that — genius.”
Emmylou Harris joined Henley for the country ballad “Too Far Gone,” written by Billy Sherrill and which appeared on Harris' first solo album and will appear on Henley's forthcoming one. Then there was “Guilty” by Henley's “favorite songwriter” Randy Newman, which Henley described as “kind of the story of the ‘70s, and part of the ‘80s.” Fittingly, the lyrics include “Got some whiskey from the barman / Got some cocaine from a friend.”
Henley also covered a couple of songs by lesser-known artists that he admires: “Everybody's Famous” by Jeffrey Foucault, who sometimes plays in our neck of the woods, and “You Don't Have to Believe Me” by Eric Hutchinson and enhanced by a full horn section.
The evening started with a sublime set by the legendary Harris, whose voice has been enchanting listeners for four decades. Widely regarded as one of the top interpreters of other people's songs, Harris didn't disappoint, with an amazing cover of Townes Van Zandt's “Pancho and Lefty” being a particular highlight. She also sang “Orphan Girl” by Gillian Welch, herself recently at the Bowl opening for Buffalo Springfield, “Luxury Liner” written by Gram Parsons and performed with gusto by Harris and her band the Red Dirt Boys, and another Parsons song, “Wheels.”
Parsons, of course, was Harris' musical mentor and duet partner, a country rock pioneer who lived and played hard, succumbing to a drug overdose at age 26 in Joshua Tree, Calif. At the concert, after singing her recent homage to Parsons called “The Road,” Harris described Parsons as “a dear friend of mine. I didn't know him very long, but he had a big effect on my life.”
This was followed by Harris' chilling new song “My Name Is Emmett Till,” which tells the story of Till's murder in 1955 in Mississippi after he, as a 14-year-old black boy from Chicago, flirted with a white woman. Harris sang, from Till's perspective, “I was sent back to my mother / At least what was left of me / She kept my casket open / For the whole wide world to see / The awful desecration / And the evidence of hate / You could not recognize me / The mutilation was so great.” Pictures of Till's body were widely published at the time, and his murder was a catalyst for the civil rights movement.
Harris also sang what she described as an “existential lullaby” for her “dear little granddaughter,” the song “Goodnight Old World” that she co-wrote with local songwriter Will Jennings, who she announced was in the audience.
It was truly one of those nights, one of those crazy old nights to remember.
Emmylou Harris Setlist
Six White Cadillacs
Orphan Girl (Gillian Welch cover)
Red Dirt Girl
Hold On
Goodnight Old World
Hello Stranger (Carter Family cover)
Pancho and Lefty (Townes Van Zandt cover)
Michaelangelo
The Road
My Name Is Emmett Till
Wheels (The Flying Burrito Brothers cover)
Luxury Liner (International Submarine Band cover)
Together Again (Buck Owens cover)
Born to Run
Don Henley Setlist
Dirty Laundry
Sunset Grill
Everybody's Famous (Jeffrey Foucault cover)
New York Minute
Everything Is Different Now
The Last Worthless Evening
One Of These Nights (Eagles song)
It Doesn't Matter to the Sun (Garth Brooks/Chris Gaines cover)
Too Far Gone (with Emmylou Harris)
The End of the Innocence
Everybody Wants to Rule the World (Tears for Fears cover)
The Heart of the Matter
Guilty (Randy Newman cover)
You Don't Have to Believe Me (Eric Hutchinson cover)
Funky Stuff (Kool & The Gang cover)
The Boys of Summer
All She Wants to Do Is Dance
Life in the Fast Lane (Eagles song)
Encore
The Long Run (Eagles song)
Hotel California (Eagles song)
Desperado (Eagles song)
— Noozhawk contributing writer Jeff Moehlis is a professor of mechanical engineering at UCSB. Upcoming show recommendations, advice from musicians, interviews and more are available on his Web site, music-illuminati.com.
April 13 Mr Max Corp
* Says it will restructure the company into a holding company, effective Sept. 1
* Says split preparatory company based in Fukushima will take over retail business of the company
* Says the company will change name to MrMax Holdings Ltd
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/t9Nyzb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - South American trade bloc Mercosur rejects the use of force in Venezuela, a statement sent by Argentina's foreign ministry said on Saturday, a day after U.S. President Donald Trump threatened military intervention.
The bloc including Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay and Brazil suspended Venezuela indefinitely last week. The statement said dialogue and diplomacy were the only acceptable means to promote democracy in Venezuela for Mercosur countries.
FILE PHOTO: Republican Governor Sam Brownback of Kansas, speaks during the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in National Harbor, Maryland, U.S., February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
Lawmakers in Kansas on Monday failed to override Republican Governor Sam Brownback's veto of a bill expanding eligibility for Medicaid for the poor under the federal Affordable Care Act (ACA).
The Kansas House of Representatives voted 81 to 44 in favor of overriding the veto, falling three votes short of the 84 needed to advance the override.
State lawmakers in the Republican-controlled senate voted in favor of the measure last week, just days after President Donald Trump's efforts to repeal and replace the ACA, also known as Obamacare, ended with the bill being pulled from a vote.
The Republican-controlled House also voted in favor of the measure, but Brownback quickly vetoed the bill on Thursday. The House took up a debate on overriding the veto that day, but postponed a vote until Monday.
"It is disappointing that the Kansas House failed to override the veto because a small group of representatives chose to side with the Governor instead of the 82% of Kansans who support expanding KanCare and the vast majority of their colleagues in both chambers," David Jordan, the executive director of the Alliance for a Healthy Kansas, a coalition of groups that backed Medicaid expansion, said in a statement on Monday.
Brownback said the measure failed to eliminate waiting lists for disability services, did not add work requirements and was not budget neutral. It also continued to support Planned Parenthood, which provides a range of reproductive services including abortions, which Brownback opposes.
Kansas was not among the 31 states that in 2016 had opted to expand Medicaid, with the federal government footing much of the cost under Obamacare.
With the ACA's enhanced federal funding, Medicaid expansion in Kansas, effective Jan. 1, 2018, would cost the state an estimated $31 million in fiscal 2018, which begins July 1, according to estimates cited in a legislative report on the bill.
It would cost $67 million in fiscal 2019 with more than 180,000 additional recipients, the report said.
Without enhanced federal matching funds, the state's costs would balloon to $465 million by fiscal 2019.
Kansas tax collections fell $11.6 million below estimates for March mainly due to lower-than-expected personal income taxes, the state's revenue department reported on Monday. However, tax revenue so far in fiscal 2017 was $57.5 million ahead of projections.
(The story was refiled to delete "reports" source from headline; the vote is on Kansas legislature's public record)
(Reporting by Timothy Mclaughlin in Chicago Additional reporting by Karen Pierog; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Grant McCool)
BEIJING (AP) — The wife of a detained Chinese human rights lawyer said Thursday that she has been prevented from leaving her neighborhood, the latest apparent case of extra-legal harassment of those who fall afoul of the ruling Communist Party.
Xu Yan tweeted that she had been followed from her apartment by police officers who stopped her leaving by taxi by telling the drivers not to take her.
"I asked 'Why am I being restricted?'" Xu wrote. She said the officers said they didn't know, nor were they aware of who had authorized the measures or how long they were to be enforced.
Xu's husband, Yu Wensheng, was grabbed by police on Jan. 19 while preparing to take his 13-year-old son to school and has been charged with the loosely defined crime of inciting subversion against the one-party authoritarian Communist state.
Advertisement
During a visit to Beijing last week, German Chancellor Angela Merkel met privately with Xu and Li Wenzhu, the wife of another detained lawyer, Wang Quanzhang.
Yu's detention extends a crackdown on independent legal activists by the ruling party launched in July 2015. His seizure came a day after he posted a letter online calling for reforms to the constitution and open presidential elections.
China's vast domestic security apparatus has frequently detained or harassed family members of those accused of crimes against the state, most notably Liu Xia, the widow of Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo, who died last year of liver cancer while serving a prison sentence for inciting subversion of state power.
Germany said earlier this month it would welcome Liu Xia after a recording was released of her crying in desperation.
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – ASX-listed Heron Resources has drawn down the first $20-million from the $60-million financing provided by Orion Mine Finance to construct the Woodlawn zinc/copper project, in New South Wales.
Heron said on Thursday that the remaining $40-million remained undrawn and would be available to the company.
Advertisement
“The draw-down of the $20-million debt tranche is a significant milestone for the Woodlawn project finance and was subject to the completion of specific conditions precedent, all of which have been satisfied,” said Heron MD Wayne Taylor.
“The debt tranche is being drawn down in accordance with the project timeline, with the funds to be used for Woodlawn plant construction activities. The project is advancing to schedule and once in production, will position the company to capitalise on favourable conditions in the physical zinc market.”
Advertisement
The Woodlawn project has passed the 50% completion milestone, and is still on track for commissioning by year-end. At steady state, Woodlawn is expected to produce 70 000 t/y of zinc concentrates, 30 000 t/y of copper concentrates and 25 000 t/y of lead concentrates.
Russian President Vladimir Putin will meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on May 2 and Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan on May 3 in Sochi, the Kremlin said on Friday.
Putin will discuss efforts to fight terrorism with both leaders and talk about the situation in the Middle East and the Ukraine peace process with Merkel, the Kremlin said. Putin will also discuss the situation in Syria with Erdoğan.
(Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin; Writing by Kevin O'Flynn; Editing by Jack Stubbs)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
LeEco's new Le Pro3 phone is on display during a press event in San Francisco, California, U.S. October 19, 2016. RETUERS/Beck Diefenbach
TAIPEI Chinese tech conglomerate LeEco has successfully raised nearly $2.2 billion from new investors including Tianjin Jiarui Huixin Corporate Management Company and property developer Sunac China Holdings (1918.HK), stock market filings on Thursday showed.
Sunac China controls Tianjin Jiarui Huixin, LeEco's Leshi Internet Information (300104.SZ) said in an earlier filing.
LeEco founder Jia Yueting said in November that the company, which is involved in everything from smartphones to electric vehicles, faced a shortage of cash and had suffered from expanding too fast in too many directions.
The new investments will go into Leshi Internet Information, its smart internet TV subsidiary Leshi Zhixin, as well as LeEco's film production subsidiary Le Vision Pictures, Leshi said, confirming plans announced in January.
LeEco has also resolved an industry competition issue involving Jia Yueting and his wife, Gan Wei, who founded and owns a stake in the Chinese web TV and film firm Le Young Pictures, which could potentially rival the entertainment business within LeEco, the filings revealed.
Leshi said it will buy Gan's 47.8 percent stake in Le Young Pictures to comply with regulations.
Leshi also said its vice president Han Fangming would resign from its board to make way for a director to represent the new investors, with Liu Shuqing nominated by Tianjin Jiarui Huixin to become a non-independent director.
Liu is a high-level manager at Sunac China, according to her biography.
The various Leshi statements were expected as the company had promised more conclusive announcements.
Leshi's stock price soared earlier this week, after one of its suppliers Compal took a stake in the company's TV subsidiary, Leshi Zhixin.
Sunac China's chairman Sun Hongbin remarked this week that he'd have to wait and see about further investments in LeEco.
"We will if it's suitable, but if not then forget it. We're not a non-profit organization," Sun told reporters at an earnings press conference in Hong Kong on Tuesday.
Sun added that while he didn't fully understand the electric vehicle industry, he was nevertheless waiting for the entire sector to just take off.
(Reporting by Jess Macy Yu in TAIPEI; Additional reporting by Clare Jim in HONG KONG; Editing by Alexander Smith)
March 31 Kencana Agri Ltd-
* Company has entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Pt Bumi Permai Sentosa, Pt Ldc Indonesia and Louis Dreyfus Company Asia
* Company has agreed to dispose of all of its legal and/or beneficial shareholding interests in Kencana Ldc Pte. Ltd. And Pt Dermaga Kencana Indonesia
* Consideration for proposed disposal is us$14.8 million
* Co to dispose of all of its legal and/or beneficial shareholding interests in kencana ldc pte. ltd. And pt dermaga kencana Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Shipping vessels and oil tankers line up on the eastern coast of Singapore in this July 22, 2015. REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A worker prepares to transport oil pipelines to be laid for the Pengerang Gas Pipeline Project at an area 40km (24 miles) away from the Pengerang Integrated Petroleum Complex in Pengerang, Johor, February 4, 2015. REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
Tankers line the anchorage area behind the Singapore Flyer observatory wheel in Singapore May 27, 2016. REUTERS/Edgar Su
SINGAPORE After years of often explosive growth, fuel consumption in Asia's biggest economies is stuttering, undermining efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to end a global supply glut and lift prices.
Gobbling up over a third of global supplies, Asia is the world's biggest and fastest growing region for oil consumption, and its seemingly insatiable fuel thirst has long been a core support for prices.
Now, some say that picture of buoyant growth in demand is crumbling.
"The signs of growing demand aren't quite what they seem. Chinese fuel growth is at a three year low, Japanese fuel demand is down," said Matt Stanley, a fuel broker at Freight Investor Services (FIS) in Dubai. "Considering the sheer volume of product available... sooner or later I think we could see some distressed sellers."
Brent crude oil futures LCOc1 have risen by around 5.5 percent this month to $55.75 per barrel as traders bet on a broader commodity market recovery and price in a Middle East risk premium after the U.S. missile attack on Syria last week.
But in a sign that there remains an abundance of oil available to buyers and that the more opaque physical oil market is not as convinced by the rally in financial markets, top exporter Saudi Arabia this month lowered the price for its May crude for Asian customers by 30 cents versus April, and to a discount of 45 cents compared with the benchmark Oman/Dubai average.
It is showing up in various parts of the region's economy. China's gasoline exports in February climbed to their second-highest monthly level on record as refiners increasingly turned to exports to Asian markets to drain a domestic supply glut that almost wiped out imports altogether.
Even India, which is often touted as the next driver of global demand growth, fuel consumption fell 0.6 percent in March from a year earlier.
"The stutter in Indian demand may have been caused due to the effects of demonetisation," said Sukrit Vijayakar, director of energy consultancy Trifecta.
With little notice, India abolished the then existing 500 and 1,000 rupee notes late last year, which made up the bulk of the country's cash in circulation. That crimped consumption, affecting many consumers and disrupting many businesses.
And while India's annual fuel demand is still expected to grow this year, analysts say, it is unlikely to recover enough to fully offset the demonetization impact.
M. K. Surana, chairman of Hindustan Petroleum Corp, said he expects India's fuel demand to rise by 5.5 to 6 percent this year. Though that is still a high growth rate by global standards, it is a far cry from 2016's refined product demand growth of more than 10.9 percent.
FALLING POPULATION
Consumption in other major Asian oil buyers is in terminal decline.
Countries like Japan and South Korea face major demographic problems because of low birth rates and an ageing population. A Japanese government agency this week forecast that the nation's population will fall nearly a third by 2065. Add in improving fuel efficiency and the longer-term picture for oil producers trying to sell to Japan appears to be bleak.
"Because of structural factors such as the improvement of vehicle fuel economy, domestic demand has been weakening... and that is continuing," said a spokesman for JXTG Nippon Oil & Energy Corp, which has a 50 percent share of Japanese gasoline sales.
Japan's oil demand is expected to fall by more than 1.5 percent per year on average over the next five years, forecasts by the government's energy committee show.
In South Korea, oil products demand fell by 0.4 percent in January-February from a year earlier, according to data from Korea National Oil Corp.
"This year's overall domestic oil products demand growth is expected to slow," said Lee Seung-moon, a research fellow at the state-run Korea Energy Economic Institute.
The longer-term trend in South Korea is similar to that in Japan, as rising efficiency, alternative fuels, and an aging population take their toll on oil demand.
(For a graphic on global oil supply versus demand click reut.rs/2p3PI6N)
NO END TO GLUT?
With demand faltering in Asia's four biggest oil consuming countries, efforts led by OPEC and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million bpd during the first half of the year to rein in a global fuel supply overhang could be undermined, resulting in calls by Saudi Arabia to extend the cuts into the second half of 2017.
Goldman Sachs said in a note to clients on Wednesday that its long-term forecast for benchmark U.S. crude is $50 per barrel CLc1 versus the current price of $53.08 per barrel.
Data from Thomson Reuters Eikon shows that global oil supplies on average exceeded demand by 680,000 bpd in 2016, and that 2017 will still see oversupply, albeit of less than 100,000 bpd, excluding stored oil.
Still, lots of fuel remains stored on tankers in Asia's oil trading hub around Singapore. Eikon data shows that around 20 supertankers are currently sitting offshore Singapore and southern Malaysia, filled with oil.
While this figure is slightly lower than a month ago, it is a sign of continuing oversupply.
Keeping oil on tankers is only profitable if fuel prices for future delivery are significantly higher than those for imminent discharge.
Yet the forward price curve for Brent crude futures <0#LCO:>, the international benchmark for oil prices, shows only a slight increase of 90 cents in prices between now and a peak in November, at $57.20 per barrel.
"That's not enough to make it profitable to store oil on tankers," one ship broker said on condition of anonymity.
What's worse, Brent prices start falling from November onward, back towards $56 a barrel for delivery towards the end of 2018 and into 2019.
Such a price curve, “makes it commercial suicide to store oil on tankers, so the only reason to do that is if you have nowhere else to put it," the broker added.
(For a graphic on global oil demand by region click reut.rs/2o3gszA)
(Additional reporting by Osamu Tsukimori in TOKYO, Jane Chung in SEOUL, and Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Martin Howell)
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Two-thirds of baby boomers will inherit a total $7.6 trillion in their lifetimes, according to the Boston College Center for Retirement Research — that's $1.7 trillion more than China's 2012 GDP. But they'll lose 70 percent of that legacy, and not because of taxes. By the end of their children's lives — the third generation — nine of 10 family fortunes will be gone.
“The third-generation rule is so true, it's enshrined in Chinese proverb: ‘Wealth never survives three generations,'” says John Hartog of Hartog & Baer Trust and Estate Law. “The American version of that is ‘shirtsleeves to shirtsleeves in three generations.'”
There are a number of reasons that happens, and most of them are preventable say Hartog; CPA Jim Kohles, chairman of RINA accountancy corporation; and wealth management expert Haitham “Hutch” Ashoo, CEO of Pillar Wealth Management.
How can the current generation of matriarchs, patriarchs and their beneficiaries beat the odds? All three financial experts say the solutions involve honest conversations — the ones families often avoid because they can be painful — along with passing along family values and teaching children from a young age how to manage money.
» Give them some money now and see how they handle it. Many of the “wealth builders,” the first generation who worked so hard to build the family fortune, teach their children social responsibility; to take care of their health; to drive safely.
“But they don't teach them financial responsibility; they think they'll get it by osmosis,” Hartog says.
If those children are now middle-aged, it's probably too late for that. But the first generation can see what their offspring will do with a sudden windfall of millions by giving them a substantial sum now — without telling them why.
“I had a client who gave both children $500,000,” Hartog says. “After 18 months, one child had blown through the money and the other had turned it into $750,000.”
Child A will get his inheritance in a restricted-access trust.
» Be willing to relinquish some control. Whether it's preparing one or more of their children to take over the family business, or diverting some pre-inheritance wealth to them, the first generation often errs by retaining too much control, Kohles says.
“We don't give our successor the freedom to fail,” Kohles says. “If they don't fail, they don't learn, so they're not prepared to step up when the time comes.”
In the family business, future successors need to be able to make some decisions that don't require the approval of the first generation, Kohles says. With money, especially for first-generation couples with more than $10 million (the first $5 million of inheritance from each parent is not subject to the estate tax), parents need to plan for giving away some of their wealth before they die. That not only allows the beneficiaries to avoid a 40 percent estate tax, it helps them learn to manage the money.
» Give your beneficiaries the opportunity to build wealth, and hold family wealth meetings. The first generation works and sacrifices to make the family fortune, so often the second generation doesn't have to and the third generation is even further removed from that experience, Ashoo says.
“The best way they're going to be able to help preserve the wealth is if they understand what goes into creating it and managing it — not only the work, but the values and the risks,” Ashoo says.
The first generation should allocate seed money to the second generation for business, real estate or some other potentially profitable venture, he says.
Holding ongoing family wealth meetings with your advisors is critical to educating beneficiaries, as well as passing along family and wealth values, Ashoo says. It also builds trust between the family and the primary advisors.
Ashoo tells of a recent experience chatting with two deca-millionaires aboard a yacht in the Bahamas.
“They both built major businesses and sold them,” Ashoo says. “At this point, it's no longer about what their money will do for them — it's about what the next generations will do with their money.”
— John Hartog is a partner at Hartog & Baer Trust and Estate Law. He is a certified specialist in estate planning, trust and probate law, and taxation law. Jim Kohles is chairman of the board of RINA accountancy corporation. He is a certified public accountant specializing in business consulting, succession and retirement planning, and insurance. Haitham “Hutch” Ashoo is the CEO of Pillar Wealth Management LLC, specializing in client-centered wealth management. All three are based in Walnut Creek and advise ultra affluent families.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
April 15 OGC Nice guaranteed a top-three finish in Ligue 1 and remained firmly in the hunt for a first French title since 1959 when two second-half goals from the outstanding Jean Seri inspired them to come from behind to beat Nancy 3-1 at home on Saturday.
Seri converted a penalty after the break and then scored late on as Lucien Favre's side up moved to 73 points in third place, ensuring they will play in the Champions League next season.
It will be the first time they have played in the European Cup since 1959-60 and the win puts them provisionally one point behind both leaders Monaco, who play Dijon later on Saturday, and second-placed Paris St Germain.
Despite starting strongly, Nice's defending let them down when Junior Dale capitalised on an error from Valentin Eysseric to open the scoring.
The home side were undeterred, equalising nine minutes later when Younes Belhanda's magnificent through ball found Mickael Le Bihan, who span away from the defence and slotted home calmly past Guy N'Dy Assembe.
Nice went ahead in the 51st minute when the impressive Seri converted from the penalty spot after Dalbert was brought down and the Ivorian midfielder sealed the win in the 84th minute with a sharp finish after a swift counter-attack. (Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Ian Chadband)
LONDON (Reuters) - Sterling extended losses on Friday and fell to the day's lows after a U.S. report showing wages rose at their fastest clip since 2009 hit the currency which was already struggling thanks to weak data from Britain's construction sector.
U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years, bolstering expectations that inflation will push higher this year as the labour market hits full employment.
“Sterling is feeling the heat from the dollar move across the board but markets are cautious about betting excessively against the pound before next week where the BOE may surprise markets,” said Lee Hardman, an FX strategist at MUFG in London.
Sterling slipped to the day's low of $1.4137 after the data, down around 0.75 percent on the day. It was also 0.4 percent weaker against the euro, at 87.975 pence.
For the week, sterling was still up 1.5 percent against the dollar. Analysts say the currency is being supported by a repricing of Bank of England interest rate hike expectations - several banks are now calling for a rise to come in May, and for another to come later in the year.
That follows testimony on Tuesday from BoE Governor Mark Carney, who sounded a more upbeat tone than previously, saying wage growth was finally picking up and that the focus of the BoE is shifting back to tackling above-target inflation.
“There does seem to be a will in the Bank of England to reduce policy accommodation. If it weren't for the Brexit-related risks, I would be very confident that they will (hike) twice this year,” Rabobank currency strategist Jane Foley said.
Britain's construction sector came close to contracting for the first time since September last month as uncertainty linked to Brexit caused new orders to dry up, data showed.
Sterling has also been helped in recent weeks by a lack of major bad news around Brexit, analysts say. Markets largely brushed aside talk of a leadership challenge to British Prime Minister Theresa May, as well as a House of Lords report that said her Brexit legislation plans contained “fundamental flaws”.
Data last week showed speculators added to their bets on the pound strengthening further in the most recent week, with net-long positions at their highest since mid-2014.
“While the front-end BoE rates market has sold off plenty and sterling has moved significantly higher (against the dollar), we think both moves have further to go,” Nomura currency strategist Jordan Rochester wrote in a note to clients late on Thursday.
The BoE's Monetary Policy Committee is seen as almost certain to keep rates at 0.50 percent when it meets next week, however.
Traveling during live recruiting periods isn't the most enjoyable process for college basketball coaches, with many having to work their way through airports and car rental lines in order to keep tabs on players they're recruiting. For the programs at the top of the sport a private plane may be available, which certainly helps.
In the case of Penny Hardaway's Memphis program, the coaching staff will be hitting the road in style as he showed off a new, souped-up van via his Twitter account Tuesday afternoon.
Notice the “One Cent” logo in the headrests, making it clear whose van it is and what Hardaway's accomplished in the game of basketball as a player. For those too young to be intimately familiar with his playing career, Hardaway's work with the Bluff City Legends (named Team Penny when he was in charge) on the Nike EYBL circuit and at Memphis East HS will likely register.
Since Hardaway's hiring he and his staff, which includes assistants Tony Madlock and two-time NBA champion Mike Miller, have made Memphis a player on the recruiting trail. Will the van reel in top prospects? Maybe, maybe not. But there's no denying the fact that Hardaway and his staff have already managed to connect in a way that the prior coaching staff was unable to.
Now we wait for the anonymous complaint from another athletic department to the NCAA about Hardaway and Memphis having this van, because that's generally the way in which these things work.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South Africa's Democratic Alliance, the largest opposition party, said it would ask a court on Friday to block the appointment of new cabinet ministers after President Jacob Zuma roiled markets by sacking Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.
"We will this afternoon file papers in the Western Cape High Court seeking an urgent interdict to halt the swearing in of Jacob Zuma's compromised cabinet members, and the implementation of his reshuffle," the Democratic Alliance said in a statement.
(Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana Ed Stoddard; Editing by Joe Brock)
FILE PHOTO: A visitor looks at a display window of Rolex at the Baselworld Watch and Jewellery Show in Basel, Switzerland March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: An Omega Speedmaster Master Chronometre Chronograph Moonphase watch is displayed at the Baselworld Watch and Jewellery Show in Basel, Switzerland March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Jean-Claude Biver, Tag Heuer CEO and President of LVMH Watch Division poses with a watch movement and a Zenith El Primero 21 watch at the Baselworld Watch and Jewellery Show in Basel, Switzerland March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: The 'Ballon Bleu' watch model by Cartier is pictured during the 'Salon International de la Haute Horlogerie' SIHH exhibition in Geneva January 20, 2014. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: An Omega Speedmaster Master Chronometre Chronograph Moonphase watch is displayed at the Baselworld Watch and Jewellery Show in Basel, Switzerland March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Patek Philippe Chairman Thierry Stern gestures as he speaks during a Reuters interview at the Baselworld fair in Basel March 18, 2015. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A visitor takes pictures in front of a display of Swiss watch manufacturer Patek Philippe at the Baselworld Watch and Jewellery Show in Basel, Switzerland March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
Swiss watch manufacturer Omega advertises its Speedmaster Master watch at the Baselworld watch and jewellery fair in Basel, Switzerland March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH A diamond-studded Rolex at 40 percent off the $34,000 (27,209 pound) retail price or an Omega Speedmaster Moonphase for less than $10,000? While still out of reach for most people, the increasing prevalence of such deals highlights the perplexing predicament in which luxury watchmakers now find themselves.
With sales falling, more unsold timepieces are finding their way from the Swiss-dominated industry's carefully controlled official retail networks to online platforms where they are often offered at steep discounts.
Swiss watchmakers say they loathe this "grey market" because high discounts damage the meticulously crafted aura of prestige and make it harder to sell their goods at the full price.
"In luxury goods, when you break the illusion of prestige, the dream, the prices, it takes away the confidence. It means slow death for luxury goods," Jean-Claude Biver, head of LVMH's (LVMH.PA) watch division, told Reuters at last month's Baselworld watch fair, describing the grey market as the "industry's cancer".
However, a sudden end to a boom in Chinese demand is forcing the brands to begin working quietly with dealers in the grey market, occasionally to help with sales but mostly to secure some influence over the unofficial resellers, according to dealers and industry executives interviewed by Reuters.
"There are many sources for grey market watches: authorised retailers who want to get rid of slow-selling models, country distributors or even the brands themselves," said one watch industry executive who asked not to be named.
He said that in some cases operators in the grey market are cooperating with the brands, removing new models from sale when asked or reducing discounts manufacturers consider excessive.
FREE ADVERTISING
Though representatives of the biggest luxury watchmakers, including Swatch Group (UHR.S) and Richemont (CFR.S), refused to discuss their strategy with regard to the grey market, some manufacturers may find that it offers benefits.
"For every timepiece we sell, the manufacturer is getting the lion's share of the profit, and then all the search engine queries, image searches, social media brand posts, tweets and pins are terrific and free (advertising)," said Darryl Randall, founder and owner of United States-based online platform SwissLuxury.com, which he said generates sales of about $10 million in good years.
Another grey market dealer said he will sometimes withdraw watches if asked by manufacturers and that brands regularly offer U.S. dealers packages of 15 or 20 pieces at a discount.
"As much as the brands dislike us, we have more or less the same goals they have -- we also want to sell the goods and be able to make a profit," he said.
Chinese demand for luxury timepieces boomed after the 2008/09 financial crisis, leading to a surge in production and retail prices. But demand has dropped sharply in the past two years as extremist attacks have deterred tourists from visiting Europe, where many of the watches are sold, and China has cracked down on luxury gift-giving by civil servants.
It was difficult to rein in production when demand fell, partly because the watches are put together slowly in stages, meaning production plans are often made two years in advance.
Nobody needs a luxury product, but the brands find that when customers see and touch an intricately crafted watch in an opulent boutique and are drawn into its "story", they will want it so much that the price becomes secondary.
MIXED AVAILABILITY
In the good times, the industry can take home 20 percent of sales as profit and retailers are still left with an attractive margin of up to 45 percent.
But when business tails off, the manufacturers do not allow official retailers to cut sticker prices too far, fearing that big discounts will damage their brands -- a policy that may push cash-strapped retailers to sell to the grey market.
Swiss watch exports fell 8 percent in the first two months of this year, on top of a 10 percent drop last year.
In the grey market sales are often clinched in small, shabby stores or via online platforms that do not have most of the watches in stock and source them only when orders are placed.
Randall said that brands vary in their efforts to keep products out of the grey market. Some of the hardest to source are Patek Philippe and Richard Mille, which both keep a tight rein on production. Audemars Piguet, another independent brand, only distributes certain models through its own boutiques.
"Brands like (Swatch's) Omega and (LVMH's) Tag Heuer are easily available at all times," Randall said.
The unnamed U.S. grey market dealer agreed and said that Richemont's Jaeger-LeCoultre and Vacheron Constantin and Swatch's Breguet are also easy to source.
The United States is the second-biggest market for Swiss watches and is a hub for grey market watches, with online platforms such as Jomashop.com, AuthenticWatches.com and PrestigeTime.com.
"There's a lot of grey market watches coming in from outside the country. The excess of the world's products used to flow to Hong Kong, now it flows to the States," said Danny Govberg, an official U.S. retail partner for Switzerland's biggest brands but who also sells pre-owned watches online.
He confirmed that brands sometimes offer him new pieces to sell as pre-owned but would not name them and said it was only a small share of his flourishing business.
FROM ZURICH WITH A DISCOUNT
The grey market is by no means restricted to the United States. Germany's Chrono24.com has sales offices in both Hong Kong and New York, while a lot of grey market watches are also sold on Amazon (AMZN.O) and eBay (EBAY.O), the unnamed watch industry executive said.
As its name suggests, there are no statistics on the grey market and few dealers are willing to explain how the system works.
Unlike fakes, grey market watches are legal, authentic goods sold by their rightful owners, though they generally come without factory warranties because brands refuse to service watches that are not sold via their official networks.
While that might deter some buyers, other more price-conscious shoppers may actually prefer the convenience of the online platforms that are tempting potential customers with trade-in schemes for old watches, financing solutions, price-match guarantees and their own warranty and service centres.
Randall said he has been sourcing most of his watches in the United States to get them to customers quickly but can also find good deals in Europe thanks in part to the strong dollar.
"We just sold a beautiful Jaquet Droz Eclipse to a Chicago businessman and were able to get a great deal and quick shipment out of Zurich. The price was so good we gave him an additional $2,000 discount," Randall said, adding he sold the watch at 22 percent below the list price of $29,300.
Saifullah Kazmi, from Karachi, said he bought a TAG Heuer Carrera at almost half price on Jomashop.com and had a relative bring it to Pakistan, where a local retailer confirmed that it was genuine.
Kazmi was concerned at first about the legitimacy of Jomashop and the absence of a factory warranty, but the big discount tipped the scales, he said.
(Editing by David Goodman)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - RISANAMENTO SPA:
* REPORTED ON THURSDAY FY NET LOSS 23.9 MLN VERSUS LOSS OF EUR 65.4 MLN YEAR AGO
* FY REVENUE EUR 3.0 MLN VS EUR 4.7 MLN YEAR AGO
* NET DEBT AT YEAR-END EUR 34.4 MLN VS DEBT EUR 40.4 MLN AT 2016-END
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
It just goes to show: You never know who you're really talking to over e-mail.
A British e-mail prankster reportedly tricked some White House officials, including newly departed communications director Anthony Scaramucci, into believing they were chatting with other members of the Trump administration.
The e-mail prankster, who goes by @SINON_REBORN on Twitter, has been tweeting some of the alleged e-mail exchanges, which were first given to CNN. White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told the network: "We take all cyber related issues very seriously and are looking into these incidents further."
Reince (me) giving @Scaramucci something to think about. He never replied haha pic.twitter.com/hutjACmogR — EMAIL PRANKSTER (@SINON_REBORN) August 1, 2017
Scaramucci did not immediately respond to NBC News' request for comment. In another e-mail given to CNN, the prankster claims to have posed as Jared Kushner, inviting Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert to a "soiree" in August and promising food similar to what they ate in Iraq.
"Thanks, Jared. With a promise like that, I can't refuse," Bossert allegedly replied, also including his personal email.
"I'm sure they're not terribly thrilled to have fallen prey to this sort of thing and I hope it's a reminder that everybody needs the security training," Michael Daniel, president of the Cyber Threat Alliance and former cybersecurity coordinator in the Obama Administration, told NBC News.
Other cyber experts agreed that while the tactic was simple, it's one that is still snaring people around the world every day.
April 13 U.S. Food and Drug Administration :
* Says issued a warning letter to Abbott Laboratories
* Says raises quality concerns after inspection of St. Jude's Sylmar facility
* Says to Abbott failure to correct violations may result in regulatory action without further notice Source text - bit.ly/2pw2NlM Further company coverage:
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
A person walks on a street wearing a mask during a haze day in Beijing, China, January 4, 2017. Picture taken January 4, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
BEIJING Beijing will publish a draft plan for the long-term development of the Chinese capital on Wednesday, according to state media, which includes measures to cap the population and cut air pollution.
Under the plan, Beijing, now home to around 22 million people, will limit its population to 23 million as of 2020, and pull air quality levels in line with national standards by 2030, the China News Service said on Tuesday.
The city aims to show clear progress by 2030 in curing itself of "Big City Syndrome", in which rapid, imbalanced growth creates a congested, polluted and chaotic industrial megapolis, besides reducing the size of the city.
Beijing hopes to be a top global city by 2050 with forest covering 45 percent of land area and at least 180,000 beds for aged care by 2030, the report added.
Another key aspect of China's plans for the Beijing area is integration of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, which the draft plan says should reach a "high level of coordinated development" by 2050.
The draft plan will be available for public comment through April 27.
(Reporting by Elias Glenn; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Nokian tyres are pictured on display at the ''Krepost'' Toyota dealership in Russia's Siberian city of Krasnoyarsk, August 8, 2014. F REUTERS/Ilya Naymushin
HELSINKI Finland's Nokian Tyres (NRE1V.HE) said on Wednesday it would build a new plant in the United States to boost growth outside Europe and forecast higher Russian sales, but its shares slid more than 6 percent as quarterly profit missed expectations.
Nokian said raw material costs would rise 20 percent in the full year, mainly due to increased oil prices. It said this would add about 60 million euros ($65 million) to costs, which analysts expected to hit profits in coming quarters.
Nokian, which has a large plant in Russia and a smaller one in Finland, said the new U.S. plant would be built in Dayton, Tennessee with capacity to make 4 million tires a year.
Construction of the $360 million plant was due to start in early 2018 with production beginning in 2020, Nokian said, announcing investment in a factory it has long considered.
"Locating the factory in North America at this point is a higher priority for us than other possible locations," acting CEO Andrei Pantioukhov told a conference call.
"To increase our sales in North America significantly ... we need local production," he said, adding that the firm also needed a factory in central Europe in the long term and such a project could be discussed in "a couple of years".
The new factory, planned to create 400 jobs, would focus on producing tires for the North American market. Dayton is close to Chattanooga, where Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) has its U.S. factory. Nokian said the plant would be expanded in the future.
Last year, Nokian made 43 percent of its sales in the Nordics, 29 percent in other areas of Europe, 16 percent in Russia and central Asia and just 11 percent in North America.
Nokian's early investments in Russia and its focus on high-margin winter tires have boosted profits.
In 2016, Nokian's operating margin was 22.3 percent, compared to 13.5 percent at Bridgestone (5108.T), 13.3 percent at Michelin (MICP.PA) and 10.1 percent at Continental (CONG.DE).
Nokian's high exposure to Russia cut into its bottom line after the Ukraine crisis, a slowdown in the Russian economy and a weakening of the rouble. But a recovery in the value of the rouble has helped improve the overall outlook.
The company lifted its full-year guidance, saying it expected at least 10 percent sales growth and more than 5 percent profit growth, compared to a previous forecast of at least 5 percent for both measures.
First-quarter operating profit climbed 17 percent from a year before to 59 million euros but failed to match the average forecast in a Reuters poll of analysts of 62 million euros.
By 1345 GMT, shares were down 6.3 percent at 37.57 euros.
"Impact from raw materials (in the first quarter) was surprisingly high, which raises concern over profitability in the coming quarters," said analyst Sauli Vilen from Inderes Equity Research with a "reduce" rating on the stock.
(Additional reporting by Joe White in Detroit; Editing by Stephen Coates and Edmund Blair)
April 3 Lowe's Companies Inc
* Rona Inc - issuing a voluntary recall on Uberhaus ceiling fans model sw52-sn-r5w1 or product number 89325003
* Rona Inc - products being recalled may be affected by a manufacturing quality defect that may cause injuries or material damages Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WARSAW, March 29 Polish commercial banks expect their combined net profit to fall by 12 percent in 2017, financial regulator KNF said on Wednesday, mainly because last year the banks' profits were boosted by the sale of their stakes in Visa Europe.
The watchdog publishes its report on the banks' earnings outlook annually, based on estimates provided by the banks. For 2016, the report forecast that the banks' combined net profits would fall by 9.6 percent. Many of Poland's banks actually reported higher profits last year due to the Visa Europe sale.
In its latest report, KNF said banks expected their interest income to increase by 6.3 percent in 2017 and their income from fees and commissions to rise by 6.5 percent this year, with costs up by 4.1 percent.
The regulator's report also said commercial banks expected that their combined portfolio of Swiss franc denominated mortgages would decline by a total of 9.7 percent this year.
More than half a million Poles took out Swiss franc loans to benefit from low interest rates in Switzerland, but now face bigger repayments because the Swiss currency has doubled in value against the zloty over the last few years.
The Swiss franc mortgages held by Polish banks were worth an equivalent of 134 billion zlotys ($34.09 billion), or 7 percent of GDP, at the end of 2016, according to a separate KNF report published this year. The combined value of the mortgages expressed in zlotys fell by 2.5 percent last year, the data from the regulator showed.
Worries that the ruling PiS party could compel the banks to bear the cost of converting the Swiss franc loans into zlotys contributed to sharp falls in the banks' share prices last year.
But since then the government has softened its stance and earlier this year the Financial Stability Committee recommended that banks should put more capital aside if they hold foreign exchange-denominated mortgages, in an effort to get more of the loans converted to zlotys. ($1 = 3.9302 zlotys) (Reporting by Marcin Goettig. Editing by Jane Merriman)
Cup must fit upright within 10" hole
Cup must be food-safe clean
Cup must be watertight
One cup per person
This time of year always makes me feel a little down. A lot of kids are back in school, even though it still feels like the middle of summer. Even though the sun may be shining, you know that your beach days are numbered. If you're not the type to dive into pumpkin spice-flavored everything before Labor Day, 7-Eleven is offering a deal that might cheer you up. On August 18 and 19, select locations of the convenience store chain will be hosting Bring Your Own Cup Day . From 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. on those days, all you have to do is bring in your own cup, which can be anything from a champagne flute to an over-sized coffee mug, and fill it with any Slurpee flavor for just $1.50. There are a few rules for the promotion:In the past, customers have gotten pretty creative with the deal. One Instagrammer decided to get her money's worth by filling two jumbo popcorn tubs. https://www.instagram.com/p/BJT9vXygdzL/?hl=en&tagged=byocupday2016 Another decided to really lean into the summer vibe by filling up a hollowed-out watermelon: https://www.instagram.com/p/BJTnhaMj_1f/?hl=en&tagged=byocupday2016 Yet another totally thought outside the box and got their Slurpee in a light bulb! https://www.instagram.com/p/BMjIPk9BhBQ/?hl=en&tagged=byocupday2016 Looking for more end-of-summer deals? For a limited time, you can get a free medium shake, sundae or frappe from McDonald's with any purchase. All you have to do is download the company's app and scan the coupon code at checkout. Just in time for back-to-school, Amazon is offering snack sample boxes that are perfect for lunch boxes. For $9.99, you can get a box of ten or more snacks such as chips, nuts and granola bars. In return, you get an equivalent credit toward a future purchase of select products from Amazon. These great deals make the end of summer not so bad after all!
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Photrist released their Adventurer Version which gives the ability to photographers to make 100% commission. Adventurer gives everyone the ability to upload their original photos, and offers a fresh new approach to buying and sharing photos online.
Photrist Marketplace
Contact
Bonnie Komo
***@photrist.com Bonnie Komo
End
-- Say Goodbye to Stock Photos™. Photrist is the anti-stock photography website, and is positioning itself against the status quo, because Photrist believes Life is More Than a Stock Photo™. Photrist is offering a fresh new option to photographers for posting and selling their original photos online. However, it is not just for the professional photographer, but for anyone who likes snapping a photo. Photrist is just getting started and has over 52,000 people following them on Social Media.Photrist takes security seriously and works hard to protect the photographer's photos. Where other platforms are satisfied to use technologies with known vulnerabilities, Photrist uses its creativity to deliver the best and safest experience. Photrist security is based on a brand-new technology (patent-pending)that makes it possible to buy, sell, and share photos from anywhere. There are many other benefits that will be posted to photrist.com in the coming months.The Photrist Adventurer is the second version released giving everyone a platform for photo sharing. Anyone can sign up to obtain a free Photrist account, however, using the Photrist Adventurer version is 10 credits a month. This version allows photographers toof their sales, and set their own price on their photos they upload. This version also allows the user to create galleries allowing them to easily sort their photos and makes it even easier for their audience to view their work. Starting in September 2017 users will easily embed their photos that are on Photrist.com to their website in seconds, and put their personal watermark on their photos.The Photrist Adventurer is extremely robust, offering full print media options for canvas, postcards, and prints. This version will give everyone the ability to see how their photo sharing is working by utilizing extensive analytics. There is even 50GB of storage for the Adventurer user.Life is not about stock photos, which is why Dan Komo, co-founder of Photrist stated, "When was the last time you said that's' a great stock photo? Never"! He continued to say, "That's why we created Photrist. It's the place where anyone can upload and sell their photos. It's for everyone including bloggers, marketers, and anyone wanting to buy real photos. No longer do they have to pick from the same old, dull, stale stock photos".The Photrist community is full of unique photos added daily. Photrist fills a need for people needing real photos and are not the ordinary stock photo. The platform gives business owners and bloggers a place to discover photos covering almost every subject possible they can use as they see fit. There is opportunity for pictures to appeal for all subjects capturing originality, quality, different, interesting, beautiful, special, and emotional moments.The Photrist platform allows the ability for users to share their photos, and the followers can comment on the photos as well as share them with their friends. People spend a considerable amount of time taking pictures and posting them on all forms of social media. This social media platform promotes each person's photos to others looking to buy them. Now people can get paid for being social.Sign up today for your FREE Photrist account at https://photrist.com and start uploading your pictures. Download the Photrist mobile app which is available in the Google Play store and Apple's App Store.
The National Gun Amnesty was regarded as a successful one.
The National Gun Amnesty was regarded as a successful one. SCOTT POWICKScott Powick
SIX semi-automatic rifles, a handgun and a crossbow were among 50 firearms and weapons handed in to Warwick police during the National Gun Amnesty.
In addition to the 50 handed in for destruction, two firearms were brought in for safekeeping while the owners organised licences.
A Warwick police spokesman said it was good to get those sorts of weapons out of the community.
More than 150 guns were also either registered or handed in to Warwick Outdoor & Sports as part of the National Gun Amnesty, which concluded at the end of September.
Warwick Outdoor & Sports co-owner John Bacon said there was a good response from Warwick residents during the amnesty period.
"A lot of those guns were ones they've had for a while which were lying around the house or in the back shed," Mr Bacon said.
"Other guns brought into us included those they thought were registered, and were put onto their licence.
"With the licence change a number of years ago, a few people weren't aware the guns weren't registered."
Mr Bacon said some of the guns handed in would be able to be re-sold, while some were a bit older and more worn.
Among those handed in to the store were pistols from the 1800s.
(Repeats with no changes to text. John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own.)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2n74kSu
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2n7eGlm
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2oV6ZeF
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2nXYPo6
* Chart 5: tmsnrt.rs/2oERCHF
* Chart 6: tmsnrt.rs/2n7hajG
By John Kemp
LONDON, April 4 Growth in U.S. gasoline consumption is slowing after two years of brisk increases between the middle of 2014 and the middle of 2016.
The average fuel economy of vehicles on U.S. roads is improving, as a result of federal regulations, which is offsetting the continued growth in driving.
U.S. refiners and fuel blenders supplied an average of 8.5 million barrels per day (bpd) of motor gasoline to domestic consumers in January, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
The volume of gasoline supplied was down by almost 170,000 bpd compared with the same month a year earlier and 70,000 bpd below the 10-year average (tmsnrt.rs/2n74kSu).
Lower gasoline sales contributed to the unusually rapid accumulation of gasoline stocks in the first few weeks of 2017.
Stocks held by refiners and motor fuel blenders increased by 20 million barrels during January, almost double the normal seasonal rise of 11 million barrels (tmsnrt.rs/2n7eGlm).
The decline was probably an anomaly caused by poor weather and the timing of public holidays, and is likely to be reversed in future months.
Nonetheless, the rate of growth in gasoline consumption has been slowing since the second quarter of 2016 (tmsnrt.rs/2oV6ZeF).
Motor gasoline sales have been flattening even though the number of miles driven has continued to rise fairly steadily (tmsnrt.rs/2nXYPo6).
U.S. motorists drove 2.2 percent more miles in January compared with the same month a year earlier, according to the Federal Highway Administration (tmsnrt.rs/2oERCHF).
TOUGHER STANDARDS
Since the drop in oil prices in 2014 and 2015, U.S. motorists have increasingly opted for larger and more fuel-hungry sport-utility vehicles, crossover utility vehicles and other light trucks.
So the mix of new vehicles sold has become less fuel-efficient than was projected a few years ago as more light trucks are sold and fewer cars.
But both light trucks and passenger cars have become much more fuel efficient than the old vehicles they are replacing (tmsnrt.rs/2n7hajG).
Light trucks produced in 2016 were required to achieve a volume-weighted average fuel economy of 28.8 miles per gallon (mpg) in test conditions, up from just 21.6 mpg in 2006.
Cars produced in 2016 were required to achieve a volume-weighted average of 37.8 mpg, up from 27.5 mpg in 2006.
Critically, the fuel-economy standard for light trucks in 2016 (28.8 mpg) was tougher than the standard for passenger cars in 2006 (27.5 mpg).
In practice, the fuel-economy of both cars and trucks has increased even faster than mandated by federal regulations as manufacturers have responded to demands from customers.
As a result, the average vehicle being driven on U.S. highways is becoming steadily more fuel efficient as old cars and light trucks are retired and replaced by newer models.
FLEET-WIDE EFFICIENCY
The average age of passenger cars and light trucks on U.S. roads is more than 11 years old, according to the U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics.
Tougher fuel economy standards started to phase in from around 2010 and the boom in auto sales in recent years has accelerated fleet turnover.
Fuel-efficient vehicles have arrived on U.S. roads in record numbers and the improvement in fleet-wide fuel economy is now starting to blunt demand for gasoline despite increased driving.
The average fuel efficiency of all cars and light trucks on U.S. roads is projected to increase from 21.8 mpg in 2015 to 22.5 mpg in 2017 and 23.3 mpg by 2019 (“Annual Energy Outlook”, EIA, 2017).
Partly as a result, the EIA forecasts gasoline consumption will decline by about 40,000 bpd in 2017 after rising by 150,000 bpd in 2016 and 260,000 bpd in 2015 (“Short-Term Energy Outlook”, EIA, March 2017).
Stagnating gasoline sales at home will leave U.S. refiners increasingly dependent on pushing up exports to Latin America and other emerging markets to boost revenues. (Editing by Edmund Blair)
Uber drivers' cars are parked outside the Ministry of Transportation building during a protest in Taipei, Taiwan February 26, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
The head of Uber Technologies Inc's self-driving vehicles unit, Anthony Levandowski, will step aside from some of his duties until a lawsuit against Uber in which he is accused of stealing trade secrets is resolved, Uber said on Thursday.
Levandowski said he was not leaving Uber but would not participate in any of Uber's work on Lidar, according to an internal email to his employees first reported by Business Insider, which posted a copy of the email on its website. Uber confirmed the contents of the email to Reuters but declined to comment further.
Lidar is a technology critical to autonomous vehicles and at the heart of the lawsuit filed by Alphabet Inc's Waymo against Uber. Waymo is Levandowski's former employer.
According to the email, he will continue working on other parts of the self-driving car program such as software and operations.
Waymo in February sued Uber, alleging theft of its proprietary information on Lidar, which uses light pulses reflected off objects to gauge their position.
Waymo's lawsuit accuses Levandowski of stealing more than 14,000 confidential documents with information on Lidar designs before leaving the company to join Uber. Levandowski has not been named a defendant in the lawsuit.
Uber has denied the charges, and Levandowski in a recent deposition declined to answer most questions on the advice of his attorney.
The email did not give a reason for Levandowski stepping aside, but the decision came after a hearing in the case earlier this month in which U.S. District Judge William Alsup warned Uber that the evidence in the case could lead to an injunction barring Levandowski from working on Uber's self-driving car project.
Another hearing is scheduled for May 3 at which Waymo's request for an injunction on Uber's self-driving program is due to be considered.
Uber named Eric Meyhofer to replace Levandowski as head of its Advanced Technologies Group. Meyhofer, a roboticist, joined Uber in January 2015 from Carnegie Mellon University. He was part of a group of 40 faculty, researchers and technicians who Uber hired away from the school to help launch its self-driving program in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
(Reporting by Heather Somerville and Dan Levine in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Gayathree Ganesan and Sangameswaran S in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Lisa Shumaker)
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
SAN FRANCISCO May 1 India-based IT services firm Infosys Ltd said late on Monday that it plans to hire 10,000 American workers in the next two years and open four technology centers in the United States, starting with a center this August in Indiana, the home state of Vice President Mike Pence.
The move comes at a time when Infosys and some of its Indian peers such as Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro have become political targets in the United States for allegedly displacing jobs of American workers by flying in foreign workers on temporary visas to service their clients in the country.
The IT service firms rely heavily on the H1-B visa program, which President Trump has ordered federal agencies to review.
In a telephone interview with Reuters from Indiana, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said his company plans to hire American workers in fields such as artificial intelligence.
He said the firm has already hired 2,000 American workers as part of a previous effort started in 2014.
"When you think about it from a U.S. point of view, obviously creating more American jobs and opportunities is a good thing," Sikka said. (Editing by Euan Rocha and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Photo courtesy of Lawrence Lustig
It's a move that has been anticipated for some time.
Former IBF welterweight titleholder Kell Brook will finally move on to pastures new at 154 pounds when he faces Sergey Rabchenko at the FlyDSA Arena in Sheffield, England, on March 3.
Brook, who is currently rated No. 4 by THE RING at welterweight, aims to become a two-weight world titleholder after losing consecutive title fights to Gennday Golovkin and Errol Spence, at middleweight and welterweight respectively.
Rabchenko is ranked No. 7 by the WBC and is a former European champion at junior middleweight.
“I can't wait to get back in there,” said Brook. “The Spence defeat cut deep and it took me some time to come to terms with it, but now I'm back with a new challenge at 154 pounds. I believe I will be stronger and better than ever in the division. My focus now is on becoming a two-weight, two-time world champion.
“Rabchenko is a dangerous fight for the return but I want to jump straight back in at world level. I think our styles will gel for an electric fight. I'm already deep in camp and I can't wait to feel the atmosphere again in my hometown.”
“I'm really looking forward to this fight with Kell Brook and it's going to be a war,” said Rabchenko. “This is a high-profile fight in the division that has always been mine. The winner will go on and challenge for the world title – it's a must win fight for both of us.”
Tickets for Brook's clash with Rabchenko are priced £40, £60, £80, £100, £150 and £250 VIP. Tickets go on sale at 9 a.m. tomorrow (Tuesday December 12) to Matchroom Fight Pass members from www.stubhub.co.uk and on general sale from 9am on Wednesday December 13 from the FlyDSA Arena at www.flydsaarena.co.uk and on Tel: 0114 2565656. VIP tickets are exclusively available from www.matchroomboxing.com
Tom Gray is Associate Editor for THE RING. Follow him on Twitter: @Tom_Gray_Boxing
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
On the cover this month: THE RING 100
April 12 Polish Financial Supervision Authority (KNF):
* Said on Tuesday that it resolved to impose a 300,000 zloty ($75,024) fine on Baltic Bridge SA
* The fine is for not fulfilling the obligation to inform that on Feb 5, 2010, its unit CR Media Consulting SA resolved that there were circumstances to file a motion for bankruptcy with possibility of arrangement
* The company also did not inform KNF about the information received from its shareholder about exceeding 33 pct of the votes in the company by entities included in an investment agreement
* KNF also withdrawals its former decision from July 7, 2015, which imposed 350,000 zlotys fine on the company, due to worsening of the company's financial situation
Source text - bit.ly/2nB93ft
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9987 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI, June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning, while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve's move overnight. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $47 a barrel; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell, with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent.
April 6 The WhiteWave Foods Co:
* Whitewave announces court order allowing for completion of merger with Danone
* Whitewave Foods - Expects closing of Danone's acquisition of Whitewave to occur within five business days from date of court's order on April 5, 2017
* Whitewave - In accordance with merger agreement, Co, Danone to extend long stop date under merger agreement to allow for completion of merger
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
LONDON, March 31 The sacking of South Africa's respected finance minister leaves the country risking a two-notch downgrade on its local currency credit rating, which would see it ejected from a key bond index and cause up to $10 billion in outflows, UBS said on Friday.
Investment outflows at that level would effectively double South Africa's current account gap, UBS said.
President Jacob Zuma's midnight ouster of finance minister Pravin Gordhan deepened a financial market selloff caused by political uncertainty that had been brewing all week.
The departure of Gordhan threatens to tip South Africa's higher profile foreign currency credit rating, currently one notch above so-called junk at BBB-/Baa2, into non-investment grade. Moody's is scheduled to review the rating next Friday.
UBS said however that a bigger danger lay in local currency debt. Rated two notches into investment grade, South Africa is one of the few emerging economies whose local currency bonds are eligible for Citi's World Government Bond Index (WGBI), a global benchmark tracked by over $3 trillion worldwide.
A two-notch cut to local ratings would exclude the country from the index, UBS noted, estimating WGBI-indexed South African bond holdings at $10 billion - just above the country's 2016 current account deficit of $9.5 billion, or 22 percent of total foreign holdings of South African debt.
WGBI membership hinges on investment grade ratings on local debt from both Moody's and Standard & Poor's.
"South Africa's continued inclusion in WGBI rests on a local currency investment grading rating from S&P and Moody's – presently two notches away," UBS analysts told clients.
"Any unwind of these positions could effectively double the expected current account deficit."
Fitch said on Friday that the cabinet shake-up heightened political risk and signalled policy change, and could result in a review of its ratings on South Africa. (Reporting by Sujata Rao; editing by Richard Lough)
SOFIA Bulgarian authorities have detained five German citizens suspected of links to a militant organisation after they entered the Balkan country from Romania, the state security agency said on Thursday.
Four have now been expelled and the fifth, a minor, is being looked after by social assistance authorities until he can be handed over to his family in Germany.
They had been travelling by train to Turkey when they were detained at the Kapitan Andreevo border checkpoint, the security agency said in a statement.
Four of the Germans were alleged to support a militant organisation operating in Syria and Iraq. The minor was meant to reach Syria to join what the state security agency called a terrorist organisation, it said without naming any group.
Bulgaria expelled 22 foreigners who were suspected of involvement in terrorist activities last year.
Thousands of West Europeans have travelled through Turkey in the past few years to join Islamic State and other militant Islamist groups fighting in neighbouring Syria.
(Reporting by Angel Krasimirov; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
March 28 OSG Corporation Co Ltd
* Says it completed the off-floor distribution of shares on March 28
* Says 200,000 shares of its common stock were sold at the price of 1,033 yen per share
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/0j6qpU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WASHINGTON, March 30 Six environmental groups on Thursday filed a lawsuit against the Trump administration in a federal court in Montana to challenge its decision to approve construction of the controversial Keystone XL pipeline.
The groups said the State Department, which granted the permit needed for the pipeline to cross the Canada-U.S. border, relied on an "outdated and incomplete environmental impact statement" when making its decision earlier this month. (Reporting By Valerie Volcovici)
ROTTERDAM Vitesse Arnhem claimed the first major trophy in their 125-year history with a 2-0 victory over AZ Alkmaar in the Dutch Cup final on Sunday with a late double by Ricky van Wolfswinkel.
Striker Van Wolfswinkel headed home his first goal after 80 minutes and followed that up with a second two minutes from time to take his tally for the season to 21 in all competitions.
The 28-year-old former Netherlands international also collected the first trophy of a career that has seen him turn out for Sporting Lisbon, Norwich City and Real Betis.
Vitesse had finished runners-up in the Dutch Cup on three occasions, the last in 1990, and their triumph means they have qualified for the Europa League group stage next season.
(Reporting by Nick Said; Editing by Ken Ferris)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Recurring pft 174.5 bln yen vs 145.9 bln yen consensus
* Aims for higher FY17/18 pft on steady steel demand, cost cuts
* Raises annual dividend by 20 yen to 45 yen/share (Adds executive comments and details)
By Yuka Obayashi
TOKYO, April 28 Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal Corp, Japan's biggest steelmaker, said its recurring profit for the year ended March slid 13 percent, hit by higher coking coal costs, and held off from issuing earnings predictions for the current year citing volatility on coal and steel pricing.
The world's third-largest steelmaker said in a statement on Friday that recurring profit - pre-tax earnings before one-off items - declined to 174.5 billion yen ($1.6 billion) from 200.9 billion yen the previous fiscal year. That beat both its own estimate of 130 billion yen and a consensus of 145.9 billion yen from 14 analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"We can't make reasonable forecast now since it is unclear where prices of coking coal and steel prices are headed," Nippon Steel's executive vice president Toshiharu Sakae said at a news conference.
"But we'll make various efforts to boost our profit this year," Sakae said. Steady steel demand at home and abroad, plans to cut costs by over 50 billion yen, and scheduled price hikes on some products of about 5,000 yen per tonne would help offset heavier raw materials costs, he said.
A mean forecast of 15 analysts for Nippon Steel's recurring profit for this year comes to 308 billion yen, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Higher-than-planned steel shipments and stronger earnings in its overseas units contributed to results beating the company's own estimates, Sakae said. Reflecting that, Nippon Steel raised its annual dividend for the last year by 20 yen to 45 yen per share.
While Sakae didn't give a detailed outlook on coking coal prices, he said raw material prices will likely become less volatile.
The price of coking coal - a vital steelmaking ingredient - has been volatile, nearly quadrupling between March and late November 2016, but then halving between that time and the end of March 2017.
Last month brought a new twist, when Cyclone Debbie hit Australia, cutting rail lines in the world's biggest coking coal export region and sending prices higher again. While rail links have been restored, Japanese steelmakers have had to scramble for alternative supplies.
On Thursday, JFE Holdings Inc, Japan's No.2 steelmaker, reported recurring profit jumped nearly by a third in the 12 months that ended March, boosted by hefty appraisal gains on inventories of coking coal.
JFE also increased its annual dividend estimate for the last year by 10 yen to 30 yen per share.
($1 = 111.3400 yen) (Reporting by Yuka Obayashi Additional reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
April 20 The U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Thursday voted 2-1 to significantly ease regulatory requirements in the $45 billion business data services market, a win for companies like AT&T, CenturyLink, Verizon Communications and others but could lead to price hikes for many small businesses.
The vote is a blow to companies like Sprint Corp and others that claim prices for business data are too high and backed a 2016 plan under President Barack Obama that would have cut prices but was never approved. (Reporting by David Shepardson)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
James Ph. Kotsybar is a local poet with an astronomical ambition. Having served the cause of literature and poetry (as well as science and horticulture) here on the Central Coast for decades, he is asking for your help to get his poetry to another planet.
NASA is sponsoring a haiku contest to find three poems worthy of putting aboard its MAVEN mission spacecraft and launching it to the Red Planet (Mars) — the first poetry from Earth to another world.
“Haiku is an ancient and respected Japanese form of poetry,” Kotsybar explained. “Its popularity in English is due to the fact that these poems must be concise. It's a matter of less is more. When you have only 17 syllables to express an image and make a point, every word must be packed with meaning. There's no room for flowery extravagance.
“I packed a lot of feeling and significance into my haiku entry. I hope the public agrees that it deserves to win its place on the MAVEN spacecraft, because in three short lines, I've fully conveyed the intention of MAVEN's mission and alluded to the meaning of its name as an expert or connoisseur.”
The acronym, MAVEN, stands for Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN. Its mission is to study how the oceans evaporated from Mars and how the atmosphere of the planet is thinned by solar winds.
The voting process begins July 15. Kotsybar is appealing to all Central Coast social networks to vote his poetry off the planet. Click here to vote beginning July 15. Voting ends July 29.
“What's so exciting about this opportunity is that it's like the ultimate time capsule,” Kotsybar said. “I'm already honored just to be included in what will one day be a valuable archaeological artifact. But to share the status to be among the first three poets to be published off world ... that's some proud achievement!”
Kotsybar, a poet at heart since age 14, has performed his poetry live at The Marquee in Santa Barbara, Llhasa Club in Hollywood, Beyond Baroque Gallery in Santa Monica, the Los Angeles Performing Arts Center and R.A.I.L. – Readers And Interested Listeners in Santa Barbara County.
His most recent publications include The Bubble (Ojai), Askew (Ventura) and the Society of Classical Poets (international print publication and website). He has also appeared on Santa Barbara Channels 17 and 22, Lompoc's TAP TV; was a regular guest on KCSB-91.9 FM; had a sonnet produced by KDB-93.7 FM; and had a limerick on Relativity called “Off The Scale” that went viral last year, appearing on websites in Portuguese, Mandarin and German. In the last year, he has received honorable mentions from the Society of Classical Poets, Lone Stars Magazine and Tapestry of Bronze — Odes to The Olympians Contest.
“There may be other missions that will include public messages, but for me, this is the once in a lifetime opportunity to become the first poet on Mars!” Kotsybar said. “I hope people understand how much this would mean to me and will help me achieve this distinction.”
Tennis - French Open - Roland Garros - Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic vs Andy Murray of Britain - Paris, France - 24/05/16. Former tennis player Ilie Nastase of Romania. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier Picture Supplied by Action Images
Romania's head coach Ilie Nastase reacts while watching the FedCup Group II play-off match between Romania and Great Britain, in Constanta county, Romania, April 22, 2017. Inquam Photos/George Calin/via REUTERS
LONDON Former Romanian tennis player Ilie Nastase will not be welcome at this year's Wimbledon championships and could be stopped at the gate if he tries to attend, organisers said on Wednesday.
The 70-year-old former French and U.S. Open champion is provisionally banned from all International Tennis Federation (ITF) events after hurling allegedly racist and sexist comments during Romania's Fed Cup tie with Britain last month.
All England Club chairman Philip Brook said he "condemned" the behaviour of two-time Wimbledon runner-up Nastase.
"In terms of an invitation to the Royal Box, he won't receive one this year," Brook said at the club's spring news conference.
Club chief executive Richard Lewis went further, saying Nastase "could be stopped at the gate" if he tried to enter the grounds with a ticket.
Romanian Fed Cup captain Nastase, who courted controversy throughout his career, was booted out of his country's tie with Britain for "unsportsmanlike" behaviour.
The singles rubber between Britain's Johanna Konta and Sorana Cirstea was briefly suspended after remarks made by Nastase to Konta and Britain's captain Anne Keothavong.
Nastase had already run into trouble during the World Group II playoff tie in Constanta, after allegedly making a derogatory comment about American great Serena Williams's unborn child.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Richard Lough)
May 2 Becton Dickinson And Co
* BD announces results for 2017 second fiscal quarter
* Q2 earnings per share $1.58
* Q2 revenue $2.969 billion versus I/B/E/S view $2.92 billion
* Q2 earnings per share view $2.23 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Reaffirms fy 2017 earnings per share view $7.73 to $7.83
* Q2 adjusted earnings per share $2.30
* Sees FY 2017 revenue down 3.5 to 4 percent
* Reaffirms FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share view $9.35 to $9.45
* Becton Dickinson- sees unfavorable impact to FY 2017 of approximately $50 to $60 million to revenues and approximately $0.20 to $0.25 to adjusted eps
* Becton Dickinson And Co - on a currency-neutral basis, co continues to expect fy adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $9.70 and $9.80
* Becton Dickinson And Co- as reported, company now expects full fiscal year 2017 diluted earnings per share to be between $7.73 and $7.83
* Becton Dickinson- on a currency-neutral basis, continues to expect full fiscal year adjusted diluted earnings per share to be between $9.70 and $9.80
* Q2 earnings per share view $2.23, revenue view $2.92 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $9.44, revenue view $12.04 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Becton Dickinson- including estimated negative impact from foreign currency, co continues to expect adjusted earnings per share to be between $9.35 and $9.45 for fy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, March 31 South African assets took a tumble on Friday after President Jacob Zuma fired Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan following days of speculation, replacing him with the relatively unknown head of home affairs Malusi Gigaba.
The rand dropped as much as 2.4 percent in a fifth straight session of losses before regaining some ground against the dollar. It is poised for a weekly loss of nearly 8 percent -- its worst week in 15 months.
Local bonds were hit hard, with yields in the benchmark flirting with the 9 percent mark while Eurobond yields soared across the curve.
The sacking of Gordhan, seen as a steady and reliable hand in policymaking by investors, came as part of a wider cabinet reshuffle, the latest chapter exposing deepening rifts and divisions within the government of Africa's most industrialised economy.
The turmoil comes as South Africa is facing reviews by credit ratings agencies that could see it lose investment-grade status and make it more costly to borrow.
"There could be potential political ramifications of the cabinet reshuffle, as reflected by indications by opposition parties for a vote of no-confidence and impeachment motion," JPMorgan Chase's Sonja Keller wrote in a note to clients.
She added that she did not expect a substantial shift in the policy framework in the next 12-18 months, although "this recent rhetoric may lead ratings agencies and market participants to perceive a greater level of policy uncertainty near-term". JPMorgan Chase has cut its position in South African local bonds and currency to medium-weight from overweight, Keller said,
Poised for monthly losses, the rand was still on track to end the quarter 2 percent stronger as emerging market assets enjoyed a buoyant start to the year.
With the dollar on track for its worst quarter in a year, currencies elsewhere ended the week and month on a brighter note.
Russia's rouble, up 0.3 percent on the day, was on track for a monthly rise of 4.5 percent and a quarterly gain of nearly 10 percent -- the strongest quarter since the start of 2012 -- as the country emerges from a bruising recession and supported by stabilising oil prices.
Turkey's lira strengthened 0.3 percent as data showed the economy grew a greater-than-expected 2.9 percent in 2016, bouncing back in the final three months of the year after a contraction in the third quarter.
The lira is on track to eke out gains for a second month but not enough to make up for a dismal start to the year, and is poised for a fourth straight quarter of weakening.
Emerging stocks -- on track for the third consecutive months of gain and their best quarter since the start of 2012 -- fell 0.8 percent on the day, with bourses in Asia chalking up heavy losses.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 961.21 -8.26 -0.85 +11.47
Czech Rep 981.98 -1.69 -0.17 +6.55
Poland 2199.00 -10.10 -0.46 +12.89
Hungary 31895.89 -248.78 -0.77 -0.33
Romania 8054.19 +35.72 +0.45 +13.68
Greece 665.71 -4.71 -0.70 +3.43
Russia 1130.03 -7.23 -0.64 -1.94
South Africa 45318.78 +98.39 +0.22 +3.23
Turkey 89278.74 -3.51 +0.00 +14.26
China 3222.60 +12.37 +0.39 +3.83
India 29598.47 -48.95 -0.17 +11.16
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 27.04 27.12 +0.30 -0.13
Poland 4.22 4.21 -0.24 +4.34
Hungary 308.71 308.51 -0.06 +0.04
Romania 4.55 4.55 +0.06 -0.26
Serbia 123.77 123.85 +0.06 -0.34
Russia 56.02 56.08 +0.10 +9.36
Kazakhstan 313.20 314.81 +0.51 +6.53
Ukraine 27.01 26.95 -0.22 -0.04
South Africa 13.47 13.29 -1.36 +1.91
Kenya 102.80 102.90 +0.10 -0.42
Israel 3.63 3.63 -0.02 +6.08
Turkey 3.64 3.65 +0.23 -3.18
China 6.89 6.89 -0.07 +0.75
India 64.85 64.85 +0.00 +4.78
Brazil 3.15 3.15 -0.02 +3.32
Mexico 18.67 18.72 +0.23 +10.93
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 325 1 .11 7 69.37 1
(Reporting by Karin Strohecker; Editing by Vin Shahrestani)
HOLD on to your bank accounts, council rate notices for the half-year period ending June 30 will be dropping into letterboxes soon.
Ratepayers who pay in full by the due date will get a 10 per cent discount on general rates, less the council's pension rebate.
Anyone experiencing difficulty in paying their rates can contact the rates team to discuss payment options.
Council offers a number of payment options including making a payment online at bundaberg.qld.gov.au, direct debit, BPAY, internet banking, payment at any Australia Post outlet and by phone or mail.
Alternatively, you can pay in person at any of Council's Service Centres located at 190 Bourbong Street, Bundaberg; 169 Hughes Road, Bargara; 45 Churchill Street, Childers and 4 Dear Street, Gin Gin.
If you haven't already registered to receive your rates electronically via BPAY View and would like to do so for your next rate notice, you can find details on how to register at bundaberg.qld.gov.au by clicking on the 'Make a payment' tab on the Quick Links menu.
If you haven't received your rate notice by February 19, phone 1300 883 699.
Payments are due Friday, March 9.
FRANKFURT, April 10 The European Central Bank bought 16.681 billion euros ($17.68 billion) of public sector assets last week as part of its quantitative easing programme, way above the 7.767 billion euros it purchased a week earlier, it said on Monday. The following table details the ECB's purchases in the Public Sector Purchase Programme (PSPP), Asset Backed Securities Programme (ABS), Corporate Sector Purchase Programme (CSPP) and Covered Bond Purchase Programme 3 over the past eight weeks. The total represents the purchases in the four purchase programmes. All figures are in billions of euros. Reference Date PSPP ABS Covered bonds CSPP Total Apr 7 16.681 0.112 0.284 2.415 19.492 Mar 31 7.767 0.191 -0.731 1.674 8.901 Mar 24 14.432 0.123 0.505 1.538 16.598 Mar 17 16.013 0.053 0.879 1.815 18.760 Mar 10 15.569 0.257 0.656 2.085 18.567 Mar 3 16.199 0.028 0.949 1.697 18.873 Feb 24 16.293 0.258 0.906 1.675 19.132 Feb 17 17.185 -0.014 0.278 2.047 19.496 Feb 10 16.907 -0.066 1.340 1.944 20.125 ($1 = 0.9433 euros) (Reporting by Andreas Framke, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
* Yen hits nearly five-month highs vs dollar
* Dollar dips with U.S. Treasury yields
* Sterling rises after strong UK wage growth (Updates to U.S. market open, adds data, quote, changes dateline, previous LONDON)
By Dion Rabouin
NEW YORK, April 12 The dollar was little changed on Wednesday after falling to a nearly five-month low against the Japanese yen as worries over geopolitical tensions checked investors' risk appetite.
The flight to safety underpinned traditional safe havens like the yen, U.S. Treasuries and gold amid new concerns about France's presidential election and the United States' relations with Syria and North Korea.
The yen gained more than 1 percent on Tuesday, its biggest one-day rise in three months against the dollar, with the greenback falling below 110 yen for the first time since mid-November. On Wednesday, the dollar touched its lowest against the yen since Nov. 17.
The yen also reached its highest against the euro since mid-November and against sterling since January.
Trading was largely muted on Wednesday as safe-haven demand kept U.S. Treasury yields lower and investors saw little reason to make major moves in the currency market.
"The dollar is still looking a little soft as it has over the past few days, and a lot of it's on the back of U.S. yields (falling)," said Dave Bradley, director of FX trading at Scotia Capital in Toronto.
Yields on the benchmark U.S. 10-year note have dipped to near three-month lows this week as safe-haven demand tied to geopolitical worries has boosted buying.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major currencies, fell to 100.55, its lowest in five days.
"Risk sentiment is not strong at the moment because of tensions in North Korea and also risk of a recent rising (far-left French presidential candidate Jean-Luc) Melenchon," said Nomura currency strategist Yujiro Goto in London. "Those are having a negative impact on risk sentiment and also dollar-yen."
However, the dollar did get support from a rise in oil prices, Goto added. "I think that's generally good for risk sentiment and negative for the yen."
Brent oil extended gains into an eighth straight session on Wednesday after Saudi Arabia was said to be pushing fellow members of Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and some rivals to prolong supply cuts beyond June.
The pound was the largest gainer against the dollar among major currencies on Wednesday, adding 0.25 percent after data showed stronger-than-expected UK wage growth. Sterling also rose modestly against the euro. (Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Additional reporting by Ritvik Carvalho and Jemima Kelly in London; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
BERLIN Germany's military will launch a cyber command next week as part of an effort to beef up online defences at a time when German spy agencies are warning of increasing cyberattacks by Russia.
The German military remains a high-value target for hackers, with some 284,000 complex and professional would-be attacks registered in the first nine weeks of 2017, a ministry spokesman said. No damage had been reported thus far, he added.
Cyberattacks on militaries are rising worldwide, with many now creating separate commands to tackle the issue.
NATO, which says it has seen a five-fold increase in suspicious events on its networks in the past three years, agreed last June to designate cyber as an official operational domain of warfare, along with air, land and sea.
The new German command will be based in Bonn with an initial staff of 260, growing to around 13,500 in July when the military's current strategic reconnaissance command and centres for operational communication and geoinformation are folded in.
By 2021, the command is due to have a total of 14,500 positions, including 1,500 civilian jobs.
"The expansion of cyber capabilities is an essential contribution to the government's overall security posture, and offers additional opportunities for preventing conflicts and dealing with crises to include hybrid threats," the ministry spokesman said.
Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen will name Lieutenant General Ludwig Leinhos to head the new Cyber and Information Space Command - the sixth major wing of the military in addition to the navy, army, air force, medical service and joint forces.
Chancellor Angela Merkel this month said protecting German infrastructure from potential cyberattacks was a top priority.
In December, Germany's domestic and foreign intelligence agencies cited increasing Russian cyberattacks against political parties, as well as propaganda and disinformation campaigns aimed at destabilising German society.
Russia denies engaging in such attacks.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; editing by Mark Heinrich)
By Dirisu Yakubu
ABUJA – The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described Tuesday's South-East zonal rally of the Progressives Congress (APC) in Owerri, the Imo state capital, as a mockery of President Muhammadu Buhari by the members of his party.
In a statement signed by the party's image maker, Kola Ologbondiyan, the PDP tasked the ruling party to prepare for imminent defeat in 2019 even as it chided speakers at the rally for ascribing “non-existent projects to President Buhari.
“Nigerians had a comic relief as speaker after speaker made a mockery of the President by ascribing non-existent projects as well as those initiated by others, particularly, the PDP, to him in furtherance of APC's renewed attempt to beguile Nigerians ahead of 2019 general elections.
“The rented crowd showed and expressed a vote of no confidence on the ill-performed President and his party, as they refused to brandish the APC brooms or respond to the party's slogan, a development that signposts the rejection of the APC in the zone and of course, in other parts of our nation.
“Is it not pathetic for President Buhari or the APC to, in anyway, think that they can suddenly enchant the people of the South-East by false claims like those made about the Second Niger Bridge, Enugu-Onitsha expressway, Akanu Ibiam Airport, Enugu, among other projects, when the reality in the zone remains a bold testament of maltreatment, official disdain and government's insensitivity?
“Is it not also a height of foolery and political delusion for APC to think that the people of the southeast will suddenly churn out five million votes and deliver same to a party that overtly relegated them as mere “five percent”?
Worse still, all the APC leaders, who spoke at the rally, were ill at ease, had no clear message, but dwelt only on empty sloganeering without regard to the sensibilities of the people, who had been subjected to the worst kind of relegation by their party in the last three years,” the statement read in part.
UPDATE 1-Raízen set to win auction for two sugar mills in Brazil - creditor
São Paulo, June 14 Brazil's Raízen Energia SA, the world's largest sugar maker, is set to win on Friday a judicial auction for two sugar mills owned by Tonon Bioenergia SA, having made the highest bid, a manager at a group of cane producers told Reuters on Wednesday.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
THREAT: Jason Robinson, 42, had wanted his medical records when he caused a public nuisance at a Bundy medical clinic.
"I'M CALLING the f***ing AMA. I'm going to have your f***ing job for breakfast.”
That's what a patient said to a staffer at a Bundaberg medical centre who refused his demand to hand over medical records.
The woman felt intimidated enough by his behaviour to call police.
Former Australian military serviceman Jason Robinson, 42, agreed his actions were not appropriate and pleaded guilty in Bundaberg Magistrates Court to causing public nuisance on June 20.
Robinson explained his frustrations to Magistrate Belinda Merrin, saying he had been to about 10 doctors to try to get medical documentation to put before the court to show he was unable to medically comply with a previous court order to complete a community service 100-hour work order.
He said he spent 20 years in the military and was not simply trying to get out of doing the work order.
Prosecutor Senior Constable Andrew Blunt said a police officers found Robinson a short distance away from the medical centre.
Snr Const Blunt said Robinson was previously dealt with by the court for a public nuisance offence.
Ms Merrin told Robinson the court would take into account his diagnosed post-traumatic stress disorder and health issues.
"I don't have any substance abuse. It just happened,” Robinson said about the incident.
"It (PTSD) is what it is.
"I get a special forces pension.”
Ms Merrin said that when Robinson was told by the staffer that she was unable to comply with his demand he caused a significant disturbance.
"You swore at people just doing their job (and) made threats,” she said.
"Your behaviour was so bad that police were called.
"You were on an order for the same thing at the time, which makes it more serious.
"There are mental health issues, the result from your service in the military and diagnosis for post-traumatic stress disorder.
"Mr Robinson, I do need to take that into consideration and you did previously have substance abuse issues,” she said.
She sentenced him to 12 months probation, on the condition that he undertook anger management and counselling programs.
She also ordered that he submit to urine testing.
Ms Merrin also found that Robinson was unable to comply with the previous community service work order because of his personal circumstances.
She resentenced him to probation on all charges.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
The comparisons with Christian Cullen are inevitable, the way Beauden Barrett is lighting up rugby while propelling the All Blacks and Hurricanes to higher levels of attack.
Cullen himself prefers not to compare across eras, although one old teammate was prepared to try.
Former All Black Pita Alatini described both as "freakish" with the speed and instinct to always turn up at the right place. Crucial to their greatness, both beat opponents without changing pace.
Alatini said Barrett had greater range as a player. This included a varied kicking game and ability to float around positions. While not using the term, he indicated Cullen was more one-dimensional in comparison, an out-and-out fullback with amazing finishing ability.
"(Barrett) has an awesome ability to pop up in the right place...it's his intuition, and he works so hard to get there," Alatini told Radio Sport.
"In terms of influence, Barrett has a lot more on a game. And his ability to counter attack from the back is unbelievable.
"Cully had a natural instinct to beat a man and it was his ability to step and stay at the same pace which really got defenders going. But shifting Cully (positions) didn't work. Barrett can take the reins and be the main man.
"You'd give Cully the ball early, stay inside in case he passed, but usually it was never the case because he finished every chance he got. I used to call him crowbar, because he never passed the ball."
Continued below.
Related Content Holiday is over, now more rain forecast with some homes still without power Rugby: Murray Mexted wary of referees ahead of Lions tour following Beauden Barrett yellow cards Video The Vent: Is it fair to compare Barrett to Carter?
Cullen says the British and Irish Lions will face a massive problem trying to contain Barrett.
"How do you stop him? I'm sure the Blues talked about shutting him down, don't give him space. And look what happened?," Cullen said.
"He slips back into that fullback role and lets rip. At the moment he's in great form and hopefully that continues through to this Lions tour.
"There is no substitute for speed and he has plenty of that. You see him running across field, it doesn't look like he's running that fast, but he's just evading people, they think they've got him and he's gone.
"In that try off a scrum (against the Blues), there was vision, timing, decision making. The ball was in the left hand, then in the right, two hands, a dummy, then he found Laumape.
"He's calm under pressure, and obviously has a pretty clear head. I say this in a good way - there's not a lot going on (in over-thinking). One of the good things (at the Hurricanes) is that he doesn't have to worry about the goalkicking now. His brother is good at that. He can just play his game."
Murray Mexted, the former All Black forward and Wellington icon, said "when Barrett is around, things happen in every game".
"We know he has the skills but aside from that, he has the temperament, work rate, decision making, makes instant decision on the ball all the time. You might say he gets a lucky bounce all the time, but if it is all the time it's not luck," said Mexted, who runs a rugby academy.
"He picks up anything loose, gathers it in, it's his lunch, he's feeding off the tiniest mistakes. Sometimes they are not even mistakes - he anticipates and creates opportunities for himself.
"And when a No. 10 attacks the line like that, it creates so many opportunities for backs outside."
- NZ Herald
New York Mets' Adrian Gonzalez drives in a run with a double during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Atlanta. John Bazemore AP Photo
An Iraqi worker looks at the al-Shuaiba oil refinery in southwest Basra, Iraq April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Essam Al-Sudani
Ammar al-Hakim, leader of the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq (ISCI), speaks during news conference with Iraqi Kurdish regional President Massoud Barzani in Baghdad, Iraq, September 29, 2016. REUTERS/Khalid al Mousily
Gas burns off at the al-Shuaiba oil refinery in southwest Basra, Iraq April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Essam Al-Sudani
CAIRO Iraq may seek to be exempt from a deal between oil exporters to reduce global supply in order to support crude prices and ask to boost its own output, the leader of the nation's Shi'ite ruling coalition Ammar al-Hakim told Reuters.
OPEC is due to meet in May to decide on an extension of supply curbs decided late last year to lift prices.
Speaking in Cairo, Hakim cautioned that Baghdad could ask to be exempted from taking part in the supply curbs as the nation needed its oil income to fight Islamic State.
"Given these sensitive circumstances, it is the right of Iraq to hope for an exemption by the other OPEC member states and have an opportunity to increase its production," Hakim, an influential cleric, said in an interview late on Wednesday.
"But we are with the principle of reducing the overall OPEC supply to lift prices."
Hakim is the president of the National Alliance, a coalition of the main Shi'ite political groups including Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's Dawa party. The Shi'ite community forms a majority in Iraq.
Iraq is OPEC's second-largest producer, after Saudi Arabia, with an output of 4.464 million barrels per day (bpd) in March, a reduction of more than 300,000 bpd on levels before OPEC cuts were implemented from Jan. 1.
Baghdad reluctantly agreed to take part in the current agreement to restrain output. Hakim was one of the Iraqi leaders whom OPEC Secretary Mohammed Barkindo met while on visit to Baghdad in October when trying to broker a deal.
(Reporting by Mahmoud Mourad in Cairo; Writing by Maher Chmaytelli in Erbil, editing by David Evans)
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Kurdish forces in Syria said on Friday one of their fighters was mutilated by Turkey-backed rebels, referencing a video circulating on social media.
Turkey launched an air and ground offensive last month against Kurdish fighters who control the northwest Syrian region of Afrin on the Turkish border, opening a new front in Syria's multi-sided war now approaching its eighth year.
The Kurdish-led administration of northeast Syria said Barin Kobane, a fighter with the Kurdish YPJ militia, was killed by Turkey-backed rebels who “played with her corpse and cut it up” as cameras rolled. The YPJ is the all-female affiliate of the Kurdish YPG militia.
“We hold the Turkish government responsible for this heinous act. We salute the soul of the free resistance (fighter),” it said.
Reuters could not immediately reach Turkish military officials for comment.
The footage showed a bloodied body on the floor. Parts of her torso appeared to have been cut.
The video has caused anger amongst the Kurdish population of northern Syria, a witness said. Memorial pictures of her are being circulated widely on social media.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said she was killed during fighting in the north of the Afrin region near the Turkish border where Turkey-backed forces have taken some territory since launching its operation last month.
Kobane - her nom de guerre - was in her mid-twenties and joined the YPJ in 2015, a YPG official said. He said she was killed alongside three other fighters near the town of Bulbul.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
Purity Rionoripo of Kenya crosses the finish line to win the womens race of the 41st Paris Marathon in Paris, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Paul Lonyangata of Kenya crosses the finish line to win the 41st Paris Marathon in Paris, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
PARIS Kenya's Paul Lonyangata won the Paris marathon, clocking two hours six minutes and 10 seconds over 42.195km on a bright morning on Sunday.
Lonyangata pulled clear when his compatriot Stephen Chebogut, who started with the best personal best of the field, cracked with 5.7km left.
The 24-year-old Lonyangata, a winner of the Lisbon and Shanghai marathons, beat his personal best by almost a minute.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
You'll need to be screened for colon and rectal cancers earlier than before, according to an updated recommendation from the American Cancer Society.
The American Cancer Society (ACS) announced on Wednesday that most people should start screening tests for colon and rectal cancers at the age of 45. The organization had previously recommended that testing begin at the age of 50.
Dreading that unpleasant colonoscopy? It's OK because there is some good news.
The initial tests do not necessarily have to involve a colonoscopy, according to the guidelines. ACS says it could be a much less invasive procedure like a visual exam or an at-home stool test.
"People born in the '80s and '90s are at higher risk of developing colon cancer, particularly rectal cancer, than people born when I was born back in the '50s," the society's chief cancer control officer, Dr. Richard Wender, said.
Treatment for these types of cancers is most effective when the disease is caught early.
You can view more of the updated guidelines on the American Cancer Society's website by clicking here.
* Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust drop on Tuesday * Silver off near one-month high hit in previous session (Updates prices, adds comment) By Arpan Varghese March 29 Gold inched down on Wednesday in the face of a key technical resistance and talks on further rate hikes this year saw the dollar move away from multi-month lows amid rising equities. "A resurgent U.S. dollar, along with higher U.S. yields and equities has taken the momentum out of the gold rally for now," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA. The metal was also under pressure after failing to break through its 200-day moving average at $1,260, Halley said, posting its second consecutive down day in Asia. Spot gold was down 0.1 percent to $1,250.75 per ounce at 0714 GMT. U.S. gold futures slipped 0.5 percent to $1,249.8. Reinforcing rate hike expectations, U.S. consumer confidence index hit 125.6 in March, surpassing expectations for a reading of 114 and much higher than 116.1 in February. The March level marked the highest since December 2000. The dollar bounced from multi-month lows as a top U.S. Federal Reserve official talked of more rate hikes to come. Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer, one of the more influential policymakers with markets, said two more rate increases this year seemed "about right". "Perhaps the expectations of a June rate hike have gone up, given the recent statements from the central bank officials," said Jiang Shu, chief analyst at Shandong Gold Group. A strong greenback makes dollar-denominated gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, potentially decreasing demand. Meanwhile, holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, which is considered a gauge of investment demand, reported an outflow of 1.8 tonnes on Tuesday. Gold prices could continue to be slightly pressured into the next month or so, especially as the market awaits key economic data from the United States for further clarity on U.S. interest rate hikes, Shu said. Gold bullion investment will rise for the fourth straight year in 2017 as global political and economic factors are forecast to maintain buying interest, CPM Group said on Tuesday. "As for the balance of this week, we think that gold will stabilize and possibly push higher given that Tuesday's advance in equities did not have much of an impact in slowing its upward momentum," INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir said in a note. "In addition, technicals still look constructive, just as physical demand seems to be improving, particularly out of India." In other precious metals, spot silver slipped as much as 0.4 percent to $18.10 per ounce. In the previous session, the metal hit $18.24, the highest since March 2. Platinum rose up to 0.6 percent to $953 per ounce, while palladium prices were down 0.3 percent to $790 an ounce. (Reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips and Richard Pullin)
Information technology company Ciber Inc said on Monday that it and some of its U.S. units filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 in the U.S. bankruptcy court in the District of Delaware.
Earlier on Monday, Capgemini agreed to act as the stalking horse acquirer and buy the North American operations of Ciber for $50 million, which excludes the company's international operations and some liabilities.
The company listed assets in the range of $50 million to $100 million and liabilities in a similar range, according to the filing.
Ciber has received a commitment for up to $45 million in debtor-in-possession financing, which will be used to maintain its U.S. operations during the Chapter 11 process, the company said in a statement.
In October last year, Ciber said it was exploring strategic alternatives for the company.
(Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
People look on as fumes come out of the ground near Reykjahlid, Iceland, September 19, 2015. Picture taken September 19, 2015. REUTERS/Lefteris Karagiannopoulos
A view of the main crater of the Krafla volcano near Reykjahlid, Iceland, September 19, 2015. Picture taken September 19, 2015. REUTERS/Lefteris Karagiannopoulos
A woman walks past the smaller crater of the Krafla volcano near Reykjahlid, Iceland, September 19, 2015. Picture taken September 19, 2015. REUTERS/Lefteris Karagiannopoulos
LONDON Scientists will study the possibility of producing geothermal energy from magma for the first time, in a $100 million project in Iceland, which if successful could produce up to 10 times more energy than from a conventional well.
The project is being coordinated by Iceland's Geothermal Research Group (GEORG) and the British Geological Survey, with the participation of 38 institutes and companies from 11 countries including the United States, Canada and Russia.
Producing geothermal energy from magma would enable Iceland to export more energy and could also revive a plan to build a power cable from Iceland to Britain to provide power to British homes, in what would be the world's longest power interconnector.
Iceland, a volcanic island that produces all its electricity from geothermal energy and hydropower, agreed with Britain last year to study building the 1,000-km long IceLink cable, which could power 1.6 million British homes.
Those plans were delayed due to Britain's vote to leave the European Union and concern in Iceland that exports would increase power prices at home and reduce the island's attractiveness to energy-intensive industries such as data centers. [nL8N1CI34V]
"The (possibility of increasing geothermal energy supply in Iceland) would most certainly be a boost to the proposed (IceLink) plan as there were worries on the effect on local prices with increased exports," Wayne Bryan, an analyst at the British Alfa Energy consultancy, told Reuters.
Britain's National Grid would continue to look into the Icelandic interconnector link, a spokeswoman said.
The magma project, called Krafla Magma Testbed, will involve drilling a hole 2.1 kilometers deep directly into a magma chamber below the Krafla volcano in northern Iceland.
The first phase of the project is planned to start by 2020 and will cost $30 million, the British Geological Survey said in a statement on Friday about the study, which also aims to explore the mechanism of eruptions to protect communities from volcanic disasters. It said it was confident of securing the financing as a number of countries and companies had expressed interest in contributing, but did not give details.
"A magma geothermal well can produce 5 to 10 times more energy compared to a conventional well," said Sigordur Markusson, a project manager for Icelandic utility Landsvirkjun, which will develop the site.
In a country like Iceland with frequent volcanic eruptions, capable of disrupting Europe's aviation system, the project's security is a priority, said Hjalti Pall Ingolfsson, head of the project for GEORG.
"It is quite secure. We have already reached magma before... Nothing indicated that we could cause an eruption," he told Reuters.
(Editing by Gwladys Fouche and Susan Fenton)
YIWU, China, April 29 The first freight train to run from Britain to China arrived in the city of Yiwu in eastern China on Saturday, completing its 12,000-km (7,456-mile) journey.
The train was greeted by traders and shipping company officials when it arrived at Yiwu West station after departing London on April 10 carrying items such as vitamins, baby products and pharmaceuticals.
The first freight train from China arrived in Britain in January.
Operated by Yiwu Timex Industrial Investment, the Yiwu-London freight service makes London the 15th European city to have a direct rail link with China after the 2013 unveiling of the "One Belt, One Road" initiative by Chinese President Xi Jinping.
"This freight train is a reflection of the achievements of trade," Yiwu Timex Chairman Timmy Feng told Reuters Television.
After leaving London the bright red train passed through seven countries -- France, Belgium, Germany, Poland, Belarus, Russia and Kazakhstan -- before arriving in Yiwu.
For Britain, the train is part of an effort to strengthen trade links with the rest of the world as it prepares to leave the European Union in two years' time. (Reporting by Reuters Television; Editing by Darren Schuettler)
Honda's exciting mini-bike, the Navi is now available in two more avatars: Chrome and Adventure
Less than a year after the Navi was launched, it still delivers on excitement and quirkiness for those bold enough to buy it. This new year, Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) have decided that the Navi is due for a couple of aesthetic upgrades.
The Navi is now available in two major variants, the Chrome and the Adventure. While the style of the scooter remains intact, you can see that it has a distinct personality in both the avatars. The Adventure edition is for those of you who are willing to rough it out. It comes laden with a knuckle-guard set, bash-plate, headlight protector, adventure visor, custom dual-tone seat cover, luggage box and adventure stripes.
The Chrome variant is slightly short of goodies but makes up for it with liberal splashes of chrome on the black paint that is standard for both variants. It has a headlight protector, side lower cover, rear grip, bash-plate and luggage box. Although some of the features mentioned here are not visible in the picture, Honda have claimed that it comes as standard on the vehicle.
Both the variants are out in the market. You can book the Adventure edition or the Chrome edition on the Navi app (available on Google Play); they are priced at Rs 49,720 and Rs 46,260 (ex-showroom, Pune) respectively.
Related Posts via Categories
May 2 Royal Nickel Corp
* Signing of an impact and benefit agreement for Dumont Nickel Project
* Signing of an impact and benefit agreement for Dumont Nickel Project with Abitibiwinni First Nation Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DUBAI Saudi security forces killed two men who opened fire on police during a raid on a farm in eastern Saudi Arabia used by militants to plot and prepare for attacks, the interior ministry said on Wednesday.
The Mokhtar Brigades, a little known Shi'ite Muslim militant group based in neighbouring Bahrain, identified the two men as Meqdad al-Nimr and Mohammed al-Nimr, describing them as "martyrs".
SPA said security forces came under fire while conducting a search in a farm outside the town of Awamiya.
"The source of gun fire was dealt with immediately and neutralised and the mission was completed successfully," the statement said, adding that four other people with a history of involvement in "terrorist and criminal acts" had been arrested.
No policemen or innocent citizens were hurt in the raid, it said.
Activists posted photos of one of the two men with two bullet holes in the back and one in the head.
The incident came less than three weeks after a wanted militant suspect was fatally wounded during an operation by Saudi security forces in Awamiya. Residents said at the time the victim was a 16-year-old bystander.
The town has been the focal point of opposition to the ruling Al Saud ruling family since 2011, when mass protests by local Shi'ite Muslim residents rocked the area demanding more equality and an end to what they see as discrimination.
Saudi Arabia denies discriminating against the Shi'ites.
(Writing by Sami Aboudi; Editing by Gareth Jones)
April 13 Polmed SA:
* Said on Wednesday that Energa SA and Pocztowe Towarzystwo Ubezpieczen Wzajemnych (PTUW), to which the company is a subcontractor, signed a deal for medical services
* The company to perform medical services for PTUW on an exclusive basis and to receive remuneration as part of the insurance premiums due for PTUW
* Estimated value of the deal is up to 21 million zlotys ($5.28 million)
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9808 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following his conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
CAIRO, March 30 Egypt's central bank kept its key interest rates unchanged on Thursday in a meeting of its Monetary Policy Committee, it said in a statement.
The bank kept its overnight deposit rate at 14.75 percent and its overnight lending rate at 15.75 percent. (Reporting by Maha El-Dahan; Editing by Dominic Evans)
April 5 Clarocity Corp-
* Clarocity Corporation signs letter of intent to acquire intellectual property assets
* Clarocity Corp - signed a non-binding letter of intent for an aggregate purchase price of us$1.6 million
* Clarocity Corp - signed non-binding loi pursuant to which co will acquire certain intellectual property assets from ernie durbin and steve ferguson Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
April 3 LPP SA:
* March revenue c. 466 million zlotys ($117.50 million), up 12 percent year on year
* March gross margin at c. 60 pct percent, up 8.0 p.p. year on year
* Q1 prelim. revenue of 1.36 billion zlotys up 15.5 percent year on year
* Retail space at the end of March at about 913,000 square meters, up about 7 pct year on year
* Q1 online sales at about 54.3 million zlotys, about 98.2 pct up year on year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9661 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
BEIJING, April 28 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC) , the world's biggest lender by assets, said on Friday net profit grew 1.37 percent in the first quarter, below expectations.
Profit was 75.8 billion yuan ($10.99 billion) in the three months through March from 74.8 billion yuan in the same period a year earlier, the bank said in a statement.
Analysts had expected 76.5 billion yuan in first-quarter net profit, according to three brokerage estimates compiled by Reuters.
ICBC's non-performing loan ratio was 1.59 percent at end-March, down from 1.62 percent at the end of December. ($1 = 6.8972 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Shu Zhang and Engen Tham; Editing by Stephen Coates and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Adelaide Archbishop Philip Wilson, the world's most high profile Catholic to be found guilty of concealing child sexual abuse, says he will appeal his conviction in NSW.
Source: 1 NEWS
In a statement to media yesterday, a day after being handed 12 months home detention for concealing child sexual abuse, Wilson said he would lodge an appeal to the NSW District Court.
Wilson was in May found guilty of failing to report to police the historical sexual abuse of two altar boys by a pedophile priest after a landmark magistrate-only trial in Newcastle Local Court.
PARIS France's financial prosecutor confirmed on Friday that it had carried out raids and conducted interviews as part of an international tax evasion probe carried out by the Eurojust organization.
The financial prosecutor's office added in a statement that some 25 agents were working on the case. Its statement did not identify the names of any companies or individuals being probed.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Leigh Thomas)
March 28 At Home Group Inc:
* At Home Group Inc announces fourth quarter and fiscal 2017 financial results
* Q4 adjusted pro forma earnings per share $0.28
* Q4 earnings per share $0.25
* Q4 same store sales rose 7.1 percent
* Q4 earnings per share view $0.26 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2018 sales up 18.5 percent
* Q4 sales $234.5 million versus I/B/E/S view $229.2 million
* At Home Group Inc - 2018 net sales are expected to be in a range of $903 million to $910 million
* At Home Group Inc - fiscal 2018 outlook at midpoint assumes 18.5% net sales growth
* At Home Group Inc - 2018 net sales growth outlook assumes comparable store sales increase of 2.5% to 3.0%
* Sees FY 2018 earnings per share $0.61 to $0.64
* Sees FY 2018 adjusted pro forma earnings per share $0.72 to $0.75
* At Home Group Inc sees FY 2018 net capital expenditures are expected to be in a range of $110 million to $130 million
* Net inventory increased 38.2% to $243.8 million as of Jan. 28, 2017 compared to Jan. 30, 2016
* FY 2018 earnings per share view $0.79, revenue view $904.5 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds analyst comment paragraph 7, details)
By Elias Biryabarema
KAMPALA, April 12 Uganda's central bank cut its benchmark lending rate by 50 basis points to 11 percent on Wednesday, saying economic growth had slowed and core inflation would stay at a 5 percent target for the next 12 months.
The cut was the seventh in succession since last April, when the key lending rate was 17 percent while core inflation in early 2016 had been running at more than 7.5 percent.
Bank of Uganda Governor Emmanuel Tumusiime-Mutebile said there was scope to lower rates further as economic growth slipped. The economy was now unlikely to expand by 4.5 percent in the financial year 2016/2017 as previously forecast, he said.
The governor told a news conference that weakening growth was due to poor rainfall in recent months that had hurt farmers.
As with other regions of East Africa and the Horn of Africa, Uganda has suffered a drought from the middle of last year to early this year, leading to poor harvests and food shortages.
The governor said a relatively stable shilling would put a lid on price pressures. Core inflation - which excludes food, fuel, electricity and metered water - was seen remaining around a target of 5 percent over the next 12 month, he said.
"Growth concerns are overriding," said Razia Khan, Standard Chartered Bank's chief economist for Africa, adding easing rates might not be enough to spur on credit growth after a major lender was taken into receivership last year.
The Bank of Uganda took control of Crane Bank in October because it lacked sufficient capital and has since transferred its assets and liabilities to another bank.
Khan said Crane Bank had been responsible for about 10 percent of private sector credit growth.
(Editing by Edmund Blair)
TIMMINS -
Are you feeling smart today? Think you know everything there is to know about the Porcupine? Here are a few questions to test your local knowledge – no prizes, just a bit of fun – good luck! Answers can be found at the end of the article.
1) In 1934, Chuck and Jack Austin founded a small flying service in Northern Ontario. They were using what types of plane:
a) Fleets, Moths and Wacos
b) Husky, Hurricanes, Spitfires
c) Lears, Swampies, Muskrats
d) Dash 8
2) The Timmins Daily Press was one of the first newspapers owned by which media baron:
a) Conrad Black
b) Roy Thomson
c) Izzie Asper
d) Conrad Lavigne
3) In June of 1938, thieves stole over $41,000 worth of gold from which mine:
a) Hollinger Mine
b) Ankerite Mine
c) Dome Mine
d) Pamour Mine
4) Timmins Town Hall, located on Algonquin Blvd. was opened in
a) 1917
b) 1938
c) 1941
d) 1912
5) The first flight from Toronto to Timmins happened on:
a) May 20th, 1937
b) July 1st, 1945
c) December 10th, 1936
d) June 20th, 1967
6) Pottsville, now a part of Porcupine got its name from:
a) A pottery factory located on the main street
b) Ma and Pa Potts, owners of the Shuniah Hotel
c) Fred Potts, a grocer who owned land in the area
d) Named for settlers who came from Potsdam, Germany
7) Schumacher was originally called:
a) Croatiatown
b) Pearl Lake, then Aura Lake
c) New Toronto
d) McIntyre City
8) What iconic Timmins restaurant was located on Algonquin in 1967:
a) Don's Pizzeria
b) Highgraders
c) The Fern Cottage
d) The Golden Arrow
9) Who served as the last Reeve for the Township of Mountjoy:
a) Don Collins
b) Ken Malley
c) Fern Tremblay
d) Ray Auclair
10) Hersey Lake was formerly known as
a) Timmins Lake
b) Charlebois Lake
c) Little Nighthawk
d) Tremblay Lake
11) Korman's and Epletts were both local businesses; what was their business?
a) Car dealership
b) Grocery store
c) Dairy
d) Restaurant
12) When did Timmins get street signs and numbers?
a) 1916
b) 1924
c) 1928
d) 1967
13) What famous people performed in Timmins?
a) Sammy Davis Jr.
b) Oscar Peterson
c) Gracie Fields
d) All of the above
14) Which of the following was NOT a restaurant in Timmins?
a) The Fern Cottage
b) The Esquire
c) Rick's Place
d) Paradise Grill
15) “Lamplighter” was the yearbook for what local school:
a) Schumacher High School
b) South Porcupine High School
c) St. Mary's School of Nursing
d) Timmins High and Vocational School
16) What Mayor of Timmins organized a bear hunt on order to provide the Queen with new Busby hats?
a) Wilf Spooner
b) Leo Del Villano
c) Jamie Lim
d) Emile Brunette
17) Who, from the following list, played hockey in the NHL?
a) Pete Babando
b) Baz Bastien
c) Gord Hannigan
d) All of the above
18) What was the first live television programme to be shown on CFCL TV in Timmins in April, 1956?
a) The Jack Benny show
b) President's Corner
c) A Stanley Cup game between the Montreal Canadians and the Boston Bruins
d) The Howdy Doody show
19) Which one of these beers was not brewed by Doran's/Northern Breweries?
a) Northern Ale
b) 65 Lager beer
c) Doran's ale
d) Edelbrau
20) Who from following list visited Timmins?
a) Neville Chamberlain, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom
b) Norman Bethune, famous Canadian doctor
c) HRH Princess Margaret, sister to Queen Elizabeth II
d) All of the above
ANSWERS:
1) a) By the 1950s, they were using Norseman, Husky, Beavers and D-C3s.
2) b)Lord Thomson of Fleet started the paper in 1933.
3) c) The Dome Mine – they made off with 375 pds of gold precipitate by sawing through the steel bars in a refinery window.
4) b)1938
5) a) The first Toronto-Timmins flight happened on May 20th, 1937.
6) b) Ma and Pa Potts owned the hotel, one of the best in the area in 1910.
7) b) Pearl Lake and then Aura Lake; it was changed to Schumacher in 1912 to honour the town's benefactor, Frederick W. Schumacher.
8) a) Don's Pizzeria, 154 Algonquin Blvd. East.
9) c) Fern Tremblay served as the last Reeve for the Township in 1972, prior to amalgamation.
10) b) Charlebois Lake
11) c) Dairy
12) a) Councillor McLaughlin presented a motion encouraging the town to start work immediately on a project that would see street signs and house numbers put up in the community; this occurred at his first Council meeting on January 16th, 1916.
13) d) All of the above. Sammy Davis Jr. played at the Riverside Pavilion when he was still a kid; Oscar Peterson played a number of times at the Pav while Gracie Field filled the McIntyre Arena during the Second World War.
14) c) Rick's Place
15) c) St. Mary's School of Nursing
16) b)Leo Del Villano – and he was successful. He delivered the pelts and had lunch with Her Majesty.
17) d) All of the above - Pete Babando (1942-1967), Baz Bastien (1938-1949), Gord Hannigan (1945-1958)
18) c) a Stanley Cup Hockey game
19) b) 65 Lager Beer – it was actually called 55 Lager Beer
20) d) All of the above. Chamberlain visited in 1922 as part of a British delegation; Bethune in 1937 to lend support to the local labor unions and Princess Margaret in 1981.
— Karen Bachmann is the director/curator of the Timmins Museum and a writer of local history.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The developers of Canada's only commercial spaceport are hoping Nova Scotia's eastern shore will eventually be the site of as many as a dozen rocket launches annually.
Proponents of the project gathered in a Halifax boardroom this morning to plan the next steps, which will rely first on the province approving an environmental assessment plan.
Stephen Matier, president of Maritime Launch Services Ltd., said the goal is to break ground by mid-May, and to begin launching satellites from the $200-million project near Canso in 2020.
The consortium of three American firms is working with the Ukrainian-based Yuzhnoye Design to create the launch complex at the site in Guysborough County.
Maksym Degtiarov, a rocket designer with Yuzhnoye, said in an interview that the firm is capable of producing up to a dozen rockets annually to blast off from the site.
However, Matier says it will be fewer than that in the early years, with the initial goal of putting one to three satellites into orbit in the first year of operations.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
(Repeats to change story keyword used by media customers to BLACKBERRY-RESULTS/ from BLACKBERRY-RES/)
March 31 Canada's BlackBerry Ltd, reported a smaller quarterly loss on Friday as operating costs nearly halved.
The Waterloo, Ontario-based company's net loss narrowed to $47 million or 10 cents per share in the fourth quarter ended Feb. 28, from $238 million or 45 cents per share, a year earlier.
The smartphone maker-turned-software company said operating expenses fell 49.2 percent to $229 million in the quarter.
Revenue fell 38.3 percent to $286 million. (Reporting by Vishaka George in Bengaluru)
April 28Qianjiang Yongan Pharmaceutical Co Ltd
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 80 percent to 130 percent, or to be 62.1 million yuan to 79.4 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 34.5 million yuan
* Says expected increase of taurine's price and expected decrease of ethylene oxide plant's loss as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/iImt8H
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MILAN World food prices were back down in March after hitting a two-year high last month, with cereal harvests expected to be robust and markets stable this year, the United Nations food agency said on Thursday.
Prices for food products fell for five straight years due to ample supply, a slowing global economy and a strong U.S. dollar but in the last two months the index rose and reached 175.5 points in February, a record high since the same period in 2015.
In March the Food and Agriculture Organization's (FAO) price index, which measures monthly price changes for a basket of cereals, oilseeds, dairy products, meat and sugar, averaged 171 points, down 2.8 percent compared to the previous month.
All food prices were down due to large supplies and the expectation of strong harvests, but meat ones were up 0.7 percent due to high demand for bovine and pig meat from Asia.
FAO forecasts global cereal production to be 2,597 million this year, just under the record output in 2016, because of a reduction in global wheat production and planting cuts expected in Australia, Canada and the United States.
The inching down with respect to last year is mainly due to an expected reduction in global wheat production, due to fall 2.7 percent this year.
Consumption of cereal is expected to grow by 0.8 percent in 2017 to 2,597 million tonnes as the use of grains for biofuels and to feed animals will grow less than in the past.
(Reporting by Giulia Segreti)
NEW YORK May 3 Private equity firm Carlyle Group LP posted first quarter earnings that handily beat expectations on Wednesday, in line with its peers, after a buoyant stock market lifted investment returns across the industry.
Carlyle earned an economic net income (ENI) of $364.6 million after taxes, more than six times what it earned a year earlier. That translated into $1.09 of ENI per share after taxes, well above analyst forecasts for 38 cents per share.
ENI is a crucial performance measure for U.S. private equity firms as it accounts for unrealized gains or losses in investments. (Reporting by Koh Gui Qing; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
DUBAI, April 12 Qatar National Bank, the largest bank in the region by assets, reported better than expected first-quarter earnings that will help lift its local bourse, while Zain Saudi shares may jump after it swung to a net profit in the first quarter.
Qatar National Bank (QNB) reported a 12 percent increase in first-quarter net profit on Tuesday to 3.2 billion riyals ($879.05 million), fuelled by a 33 percent loan growth after its takeover of Turkey's Finansbank.
Analysts at Arqaam Capital had forecast a quarterly net profit of 3 billion riyals.
QNB was the second Gulf bank to report earnings on Tuesday, with Dubai Islamic Bank, the United Arab Emirates' largest sharia-compliant lender, having posted a 4 percent increase in first-quarter net profit. Its shares outperformed peers on Tuesday.
In Saudi Arabia, the country's third largest mobile operator by number of subscribers, Zain Saudi swung to a first-quarter net profit of 45 million riyals ($12 million), from a loss of 250 million riyals in the prior year period.
The company's revenue rose 9 percent to 1.77 billion riyals for the same period.
Analysts had forecast the company to post a loss of 104 million riyals.
The company attributed the net profit to lower amortization, rise in high margin segment revenue and decrease in distribution expense.
Crude futures contracts were on track for their longest streak of gains since August 2016, which may give oil-sensitive stocks a leg-up on Wednesday.
Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil, were at $56.35 per barrel at 0555 GMT, up 0.2 percent and near their highest since early March.
A rise in geopolitical tensions have however put global equities on the defensive this week, and stock markets in the region that are exposed to foreign funds may trade sideways.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was near flat in morning trade on Wednesday and has closed lower in five of the last seven sessions. ($1 = 3.6403 Qatar riyals) ($1 = 3.7502 riyals) (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Keith Weir and Biju Dwarakanath)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Paradigm Biopharmaceuticals seeks trading halt
* Seeks trading halt pending review status of its current clinical trial in allergic rhinitis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Britain Soccer Football - Chelsea v Manchester City - Premier League - Stamford Bridge - 5/4/17 Former Leicester City and Chelsea manager Claudio Ranieri in the stands Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
Claudio Ranieri does not believe Leicester City's players conspired to get him the sack as manager, he said on Monday, reflecting publicly for the first time on his controversial dismissal in February.
The Italian helped write one of the great chapters in soccer history by leading the 5,000-1 outsiders to the Premier League title last season but was sacked nine months later amid a poor campaign and media speculation that his under-achieving players had been involved in moves to oust him from the job.
"I cannot believe that my players killed me. No, no, no," Ranieri told Sky Sports in his first major interview since Leicester's board sacked him and brought in his assistant Craig Shakespeare, who has since inspired a revival.
Instead of player power being behind his dismissal, Ranieri felt that other problems might have been responsible for the team's slump, including the distractions of new-found fame and fortune.
Asked about reports that the players were involved in his sacking, Ranieri, 65, replied: "No, I can't believe it.
"The players maybe didn't give their maximum because there were other problems.
"Other problems could be that when they were here before they earned a little less, and after that they earned double or triple.
"When you come back in pre-season when you have won the title, you go around the world, you go to America to play against big teams for the first time in your life... the situation is totally different."
LITTLE PROBLEM
Ranieri believes there were some people behind the scenes who were against him -- but he was too honourable to name names.
"I listened to a lot of stories about this," Ranieri said. "Maybe it could be somebody behind me, but also the little problem I had the year before and we won the title.
"Maybe these people, this year, when we lose they push a little more. That's it.
"I don't want to tell. I am a serious man, a loyal man. What I have to say, I say face-to-face."
Ranieri was dismayed at losing his job the day after hios side battled in a 2-1 defeat at Sevilla in the Champions League round of 16 first leg suggested a "turning point" to him.
Yet the Italian said he was happy to see how the team had then won six games on the trot under Shakespeare and now faced an historic Champions League quarter-final tie on Wednesday against Atletico Madrid.
"Of course, it wasn't easy (earlier in the season)," Ranieri said.
"I knew that the second year was totally different, because when you have won the title, the players must reset their mind.
"We were a little team with some players used to playing in the Premier League and there was an explosion. You won the title... amazing!
"Then we had to stay calm. I believed that, sooner or later, we would switch on.
"I am very, very happy to see my players play in the system and in everything I taught them. They play the same.
"Shakespeare was very, very intelligent to follow that way."
(Reporting by Ian Chadband; Editing by Ken Ferris)
April 20 Shandong Tyan Home Co Ltd
* Says it plans to buy Shandong Tianye Group Bid Co Pty Ltd from controlling shareholder in order to own Hanking Australia Pty Ltd's gold assets
* Says it will pay 1.83 billion yuan ($265.93 million) for Shandong Tianye Group Bid Co Pty Ltd via share issue
* Says share trade remains suspended
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2oTk9Ka; bit.ly/2oOhJyb
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8815 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
TIMMINS -
The Timmins Film Society announced this month the first recipients of their scholarship program, a fund which was newly created this year to support and encourage local students to pursue a post-secondary education in film and the arts.
All applicants were required to submit proof of enrolment in a program related to the dramatic arts, film studies, or film production, in addition to a short essay expressing their interest in film or the dramatic arts.
The Timmins Film Society wishes to congratulate the recipients of this year's scholarship fund:
$1000 award winner: Brian Ansara, a graduate from O'Gorman High School, who will be pursuing a Bachelor of Fine Arts at Laurentian University in the Motion Picture Arts Program
$500 award winner: Thomas Sebalj, a graduate from Timmins High & Vocational School, who will be pursuing a Bachelor of Arts at Ryerson University in the Performance Production program
$500 award winner: Riley Paradis, a graduate from École secondaire catholique Thériault, who will be pursuing a degree in Digital Cinematography at Canadore College.
The scholarships were made in part possible by funding support received through the screening sponsorships program.
The Timmins Film Society is a not-for-profit organization run by a volunteer committee to foster community and culture within Timmins. In coordination with the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) Film Circuit, it brings quality Canadian, independent, and international films to the community that produce a cultural, social, and artistic benefit for residents.
The Timmins Film Society relies on additional funding received through screening sponsorships to support the financial requirement of initiatives such as the scholarship program.
Workers are seen in front of a product line in a textile factory in Diyarbakir March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
DIYARBAKIR, Turkey In Turkey's mainly Kurdish southeast, deeply scarred by conflict between state forces and militants, a textile firm that supplies companies across Europe plans three new factories - a rare bet the government can deliver on a vow to regenerate the region.
The government announced a $2.8 billion investment scheme for the area in September, hoping to win over the population with the prospect of economic revival before a referendum later this month on expanding President Tayyip Erdoğan's powers.
The Iskur group, a supplier to fashion brands including Zara, Adidas and Nike, sees its $100 million investment as showing the way for other companies from western Turkey to take advantage of government incentives and lower wages in the east.
Undaunted by the militant Kurdistan Workers Party's (PKK) decades-old insurgency, it has been operating a $30 million cotton thread plant outside the region's biggest city Diyarbakir since 2014 but few others have followed its lead.
"We have opened a door in Diyarbakir, creating an example for other investors in the west," plant manager Ekrem Kul told Reuters as workers tended to rows of machines spinning thread.
Iskur halted expansion plans in 2015 with the outbreak of some of the worst fighting since the PKK took up arms in 1984, but Kul said it revived them after the government initiative. It aims to employ more than 2,000 people in the new Diyarbakir plants, up from just 330 now.
Its optimism is rare in a region where, according to the United Nations, the upsurge in violence between July 2015 and December 2016 killed around 2,000 people, devastated whole neighbourhoods and drove half a million people from their homes.
The ruling AK Party, founded by Erdoğan, owed much of its early success to its stewardship of the economy after coming to power in 2002, improving roads, building bridges and hospitals.
The pro-Kurdish HDP says the government has, however, failed to solve the problems of the southeast, where more than 40,000 people have been killed in three decades of conflict.
The government counters it has boosted per capita income in the area to $5,000 from $800 with extensive state investment.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim promised new factories, housing, hospitals and sports stadiums under the investment plan. Urbanisation Minister Mehmet Ozhaseki told reporters on Saturday state investments have so far focused on reconstruction of buildings damaged in the conflict.
Alican Ebedinoglu, president of one Diyarbakir trade association, is sceptical private investment will follow.
"Every new government has made fresh legislation to provide incentives for investment in the region. But without peace and calm, these incentive packages don't mean much. If there is peace, the region hardly needs any incentives," Ebedinoglu said.
"BUSINESS EVAPORATED"
Erdoğan won support among Kurds for spearheading a peace process in 2013, the first time Kurdish political demands had been addressed, and for easing some restrictions on them.
But after a ceasefire with the militants collapsed in July 2015 he has ruled out a return to negotiations, saying security forces will "annihilate" the PKK, which is considered a terrorist organisation by Turkey, the United States and Europe.
In events echoed in other towns in the southeast, armed youths dug trenches and laid explosives in Diyarbakir's ancient Sur district that is encircled by towering, Roman-era walls. Security forces fought back with tanks.
Security operations ended in Sur a year ago, but there are checkpoints all across the city and concrete blocks placed in front of buildings deemed vulnerable to the sporadic bombing attacks on security forces that have taken place since.
Ebedinoglu said the fighting caused 500 businesses to shut down completely, while shopkeepers were forced to close their stores for weeks or months at a time when the violence surged, meaning they fell behind on rent and debt payments.
"The government has said it will provide interest-free loans but that's a myth. You wouldn't be able to find 100 people around here that the banks would lend to unless their credit background is entirely erased."
Mustafa Avcilar, owner of a cafe in a 16th century courtyard once popular with tourists, closed it for months as clashes raged nearby.
"Once the fighting began, business evaporated in the blink of an eye. A wave of tension swept over the city," said the 52-year-old, speaking as trade was picking up in the Sur district.
The industrial zone where the Iskur thread factory is based is 20 km (12 miles) north of the city, far from the focus of the fighting, but it was not immune. "It affected our workers' ability to come to work easily - their psychological states, their productivity. We experienced difficult days," Kul said.
Household disposable incomes are around half the national average of $4,500 in the southeast and official unemployment in some provinces is 28 percent, more than twice the national average, a figure some local business say is an underestimate.
In the four provinces, including Diyarbakir, most affected by the recent conflict, the pro-Kurdish HDP won around three quarters of the vote at the last parliamentary elections in November 2015. However, the AK Party attracts greater support in less troubled provinces of the southeast.
Diyarbakir, a city of more than 1.5 million, is better off than rural areas. Apartment blocks have mushroomed and modern shopping malls add to the appearance of growing prosperity, but Ahmet Sayar, head of the Diyarbakir Chamber of Commerce said there is a long way to go.
"For there to be a leap forward in achieving the economic potential as a region there needs to be an environment of predictability, stability, peace and confidence.," he said.
For workers too, a return of the ceasefire is vital.
"We did not have these troubles during the peace process, we could come to work easily," said Ramazan Yildiz, an employee at the Iskur plant.
"We go home in fear in the evenings, we come to work in fear, thinking, 'Will there be any problem or clashes on the road?'."
($1 = 3.6384 liras)
(Editing by David Dolan and Philippa Fletcher)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe should press on with transparent and fair land reform, Britain said on Friday, as Harare's new leaders look to overhaul policies that evicted thousands of white farmers without compensation.
Under former president Robert Mugabe, authorities carried out often violent seizures of white-owned farms in a bid to address what they called injustices during British colonial rule.
But new President Emmerson Mnangagwa - keen to boost the economy and mend ties with countries that imposed sanctions on Zimbabwe - has said he wants to end discrimination between black and white farmers and is working to compensate those who lost their properties.
Britain's Minister of State for Africa, Harriet Baldwin, said she discussed the land issue with Mnangagwa in Harare on Friday.
“Obviously the UK government very much welcomes the statements that have been made about land reform by the government of Zimbabwe and we support a transparent and fair and mediated process around that,” Baldwin told reporters.
“It's also something which is very important as a signal to international investors and so it's important and we welcome the fact that the president has made a commitment in terms of continuing with that process.”
Zimbabwe sees mending relations with former colonial ruler Britain as a critical step towards re-establishing ties with the West and international financial institutions.
Commercial farmer Darreyn Smart looks on as private secuty gaurd unlocks the gate to his farm house at Lesbury Estates in Headlands communal lands east of the capital Harare,Zimbabwe, December 21, 2017. REUTERS/Philimon Bulawayo
LEASES, TRIBUNAL
Under Mugabe, the government argued that it would only pay for buildings and equipment on farms but not the land, which it said had been expropriated from locals during the colonial era.
Mugabe, who was forced to step down after a de facto military coup in November, argued that Britain should pay compensation for the land because the farmers were its “kith and kin”.
When asked whether Britain would help pay the farmers, Baldwin said she welcomed “the statements that the president has made on that front”. She did not elaborate.
Land ownership is a highly sensitive topic in Zimbabwe. Colonialists seized some of the best agricultural land and much of it remained in the hands of white farmers after independence in 1980, while many blacks were landless.
The government has said it will issue 99-year leases to white farmers, according to a government circular.
Earlier this month a government document showed that Zimbabwe was considering establishing a special tribunal to determine the value of compensation and how to pay it to white farmers who have lost land since 2000.
New Delhi: Australia got bundled out for 216 against India in the finals of the ongoing U19 Cricket World Cup. Indian bowlers showed discipline with the ball and knocked out Australia in 47.2 overs.
After winning the toss, Australia elected to bat first. Though the team went off to a steady start but pacer Ishan Porel managed two crucial breakthroughs in the first 10 overs. Jonathan Merlo who scored 76 off 102 balls was the top scorer for the side but did not get adequate support from the other end. Indian bowlers kept taking wickets at regular intervals and maintained pressure with brilliance on the field. After the top and middle order failed to score big, the tail got wrapped up quickly. From 183 for 5 at one stage, the team got bundled out for 216.
For India, bowlers delivered with precision on the big stage. Ishan Porel, Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy bagged two wickets each while Shivam Mavi clinched one wicket.
India's top order has batted superbly in the World Cup. With 217 to chase, the responsibility once again will be on the shoulders of top three batsman to help India create history in becoming first team to clinch four World Cup titles.
FILE PHOTO: A woman walks past an advertisement board of Japan Post at its headquarters in Tokyo, Japan January 30, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Japan Post's logo is seen at its headquarters in Tokyo, Japan, January 30, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
TOKYO/SYDNEY In February 2015, bankers working on Japan's biggest IPO in three decades woke to news that left them shaken. Their client had just closed a multi-billion dollar deal - but had kept them firmly out of the loop.
Just months ahead of its listing, state-owned Japan Post Holdings Co (6178.T) was buying Australian logistics firm Toll Holdings for A$6.5 billion ($4.9 billion), leaving underwriters scrambling to understand the impact on the selldown.
"My heart skipped a beat when I read the Nikkei (newspaper) that morning," one banker who worked on the deal told Reuters. "Clients have to be honest and at least tell us before making the deal, since it would impact the sale price and business forecasts."
They were right to worry. Barely two years after trumpeting the deal, Japan Post last week said a 400 billion yen ($3.6 billion) writedown on Toll would push it to an annual loss in its first year as a listed company.
The massive impairment charge has drawn into focus the deal's rich premium, speed and timing, raising questions over Japan Post's due diligence and its plan to integrate Toll's sprawling business into a global conglomerate spanning postal delivery, banking and insurance.
Japan Post acknowledged concerns over the due diligence process and its management of the company, but blamed the writedown on worse-than-expected economic pressures.
"During the acquisition, due diligence was implemented taking into account the opinion of accounting, taxation, legal and financial experts," said Hideo Murata, a spokesman for Japan Post. "Commodity prices fell faster than we had thought, and we couldn't imagine the direct impact on Toll's earnings."
The saga may further undermine Japanese efforts to persuade investors to believe in its corporate governance reforms which have been shaken by high-profile failures of foreign takeovers by companies including Toshiba Corp (6502.T) and Kirin Holdings Co Ltd (2503.T).
For Tokyo, it also comes as the government prepares a second offering of shares in Japan Post. In total, it plans to raise around 4 trillion yen through the privatization.
Japan's Ministry of Finance declined to comment on whether it would investigate the Toll deal.
An official overseeing the second offering told Reuters: "As for the timing and the size of the next tranche of Japan Post IPO, we will deal with it appropriately while continuing to monitor market developments,"
Investment banks coordinating the 2015 and upcoming share sales declined to comment.
HIGH PREMIUM
Then-Chief Executive Taizo Nishimuro saw the Toll deal as the crucible in which Japan Post would transform itself into a global logistics powerhouse and lend stardust to its IPO.
Toll had excellent growth potential and a balanced portfolio of business, Japan Post said.
Under the ambitious Nishimuro - a former chairman of Toshiba and the Tokyo Stock Exchange - Japan Post hired Mizuho Financial Group (8411.T) and Australian boutique firm Gresham Partners as financial advisers. Sydney-based Clayton Utz came on as legal adviser.
Mizuho, Gresham and Clayton Utz all declined to comment.
The final offer - at a hefty 49 percent premium to Toll's share price a day earlier - was unanimously accepted by Toll's board.
Though criticized as high by some analysts, a person with direct knowledge of the deal said the premium was in line with other deals in the global logistics industry. The roots of the writedown were in the management of Toll after the takeover, not in the terms of the deal, the person added.
Last year, rail-based Australian freight firm Asciano Ltd, bowed to a A$6.8 billion buyout at a 39 percent premium to its pre-bid price after a six-month bidding war, while UK Mail accepted a 242.7 million pound offer by Germany's Deutsche Post (DPWGn.DE) at a 43.1 percent premium.
EARLY WARNINGS
Still, the divide between the offer and Toll's challenges became apparent on Feb. 18, just a day after the parties announced the deal, when Toll unveiled a 22 percent fall in half-yearly net profit.
"Had (Japan Post) actually delayed that announcement of the acquisition, they probably would have saved themselves 10, maybe 20 percent," said an analyst who in 2015 rated the uncontested offer as well above Toll's valuation.
The economic keystones of Toll's business had shifted.
A sharp slowdown in Australia's mining and steelmaking industries had cut freight demand, while the hollowing out of the country's manufacturing base was also hitting margins and demand for haulage.
"It's been tough the last two or three years," said Paul Sarant, chief executive of No. 3 Australian trucking firm K&S Corp Ltd (KSC.AX).
"We're all focused in terms of reducing cost, improving our performance and through the whole freight network trying to optimize the efficiencies."
Toll was also facing internal issues, brought about by its ambitious growth strategy.
Between 2001 and 2013 Toll had bought over 20 companies from Southeast Asia to Africa, leaving it wrestling with duplication of technology, staff and, in the case of couriers, entire lines of business.
"These units effectively go out to market separately from each other and they're actually in the market against each other for work," said Transport Workers Union assistant secretary Michael Kaine.
Jeffrey Luckins, an audit director and due diligence specialist at Australian accounting firm William Buck, said it appeared Japan Post had missed the big picture.
"Did they have the right experts on hand? Did they ask the right questions? Did they bring economists in? If they've written off (almost) the entire value of the investment, one assumes that the assumptions that have been made ... were incorrect."
Japan Post had warned investors in its IPO prospectus that managing Toll's web of acquisitions could be difficult. But despite its awareness of potential risks, Toll's high fixed costs eroded profits as economic factors began to bite, Japan Post's Murata said.
"We were aware of the drop in Toll's earnings between the takeover and the writedown, and took steps to address it. It was not the case that we did nothing and watched," he said.
Decisions by Toll's management, 80 of whom were made millionaires when their share options vested after the takeover, continued to face scrutiny.
In September, for example, the company announced it was paying A$170 million for two new ships to link the island state of Tasmania with the Australian mainland.
But at 210 meters, the ships were too long for Toll's dock at the Tasmanian port.
A Toll spokesperson declined to comment on the Tasmanian situation except to say: "We are working closely with port authorities to finalize the details."
Top Toll managers including chairman Ray Horsburgh and chief executive Brian Kruger left the company in December. Kruger did not respond to requests for comment while Horsburgh declined to comment.
Paul Little, who ran Toll for two decades until 2010 and was the architect of its aggressive growth strategy, also declined to comment for this report.
But after last week's announcement of the writedown and the loss of 1,700 Toll jobs, Little told The Australian newspaper the company's "legacy has been trashed" and said he stood by his contribution.
"There is not much I can do about the fact that Japan Post overpaid for the company and I had a reasonable shareholding," said Little, who made A$320 million on the sale of his 5 percent stake.
(Refiles to add dropped word in paragraph 7.)
(Additional reporting by Emi Emoto and Tetsushi Kajimoto in TOKYO; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
AMESBURY, England (AP) — The Latest on the major incident near Salisbury, England, in which two people have been left in a critical condition (all times local):
12:20 p.m.
British police say counterterrorism officers are working with local detectives after two people were sickened by an unknown substance in southwest England.
The Metropolitan Police says "officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police" on the incident in Amesbury.
Advertisement
Police say a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious at a residential building in Amesbury. The town is eight miles (13 kilometers) from Salisbury, where ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with a nerve agent on March 4.
Police say they are keeping an open mind and do not yet know whether a crime has been committed.
___
6 a.m.
British police declared a "major incident" Wednesday after two people were left in critical condition from exposure to an unknown substance a few miles from where a former Russian spy and his daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent.
The Wiltshire Police force said a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalized after being found unconscious at a residential building in Amesbury, eight miles (13 kilometers) from Salisbury, where Sergei and Yulia Skripal were poisoned on March 4.
Police cordoned off the building and other places the two people visited before falling ill, but health officials said there was not believed to be a wider risk.
The man and woman were hospitalized Saturday at Salisbury District Hospital, where authorities initially believed they might have taken a contaminated batch of heroin or crack cocaine.
"However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident," police said. "At this stage, it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed."
March 30 Vilmorin & Cie Sa:
* Vilmorin & cie successfully completes a private placement ("schuldschein") of 100 million euros ($107.25 million)
* Placement comprises maturities at 5, 7 and 10 years, combining fixed and variable rates
* Placement, initially planned for 75 million euros, was very largely oversubscribed (x 3.4) and raised to 100 million euros
* Confirms its disintermediation strategy, pursuing optimization of its financial resources Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9324 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Brazil's President Michel Temer is seen after a lunch with Swedish King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia at the Itamaraty Palace in Brasilia, Brazil April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Admar Gonzaga, indicated as the new Supreme Electoral Court (TSE) Minister by Brazilian President Michel Temer, poses for photo during an interview with Reuters in Brasilia, Brazil, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Adriano Machado
Admar Gonzaga, indicated as the new Supreme Electoral Court (TSE) Minister by Brazilian President Michel Temer, poses for photo during an interview with Reuters in Brasilia, Brazil, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Adriano Machado
BRASILIA Brazil's top electoral court must consider the country's plight when deciding a case accusing President Michel Temer of illegal campaign funding, an incoming justice said, suggesting the tribunal should avoid pitching the nation deeper into crisis.
Admar Gonzaga, picked by Temer to join the Supreme Electoral Tribunal (TSE) later this month, said the court must weigh Brazil's difficult economic and political situation, not just the facts of the case involving the alleged use of graft money in the 2014 election.
"The TSE has a political responsibility ... We have to base our ruling on our vision of the political environment," Gonzaga told Reuters late on Wednesday.
He alluded to the fact that all major parties in the South American country stand accused of accepting bribes and illegal funds at the time of the election.
"The whole political scene was contaminated," Gonzaga said, declining to indicate how he might vote in the case.
While Gonzaga will be just one voice on the seven-seat tribunal, his arrival on April 16 suggests the balance is swinging in Temer's favour.
The president can appoint another justice next month to fill a second vacancy, and can already expect a favourable hearing from TSE President Gilmar Mendes, who is close to a party in Temer's coalition. That would put Temer just one vote shy of a potential victory that lifts the legal cloud over his administration.
Temer, who replaced impeached leftist President Dilma Rousseff last year, is struggling to lift Latin America's largest economy out of a two-year recession, with business confidence reeling from the massive corruption scandal convulsing the political class.
If the TSE decides that Rousseff and Temer, her running mate, used illegal money to fund their victorious campaign, it could annul the election result and force Temer from office. Congress would then have 30 days to elect a successor, deepening the political turmoil.
In an interview with Reuters last month, TSE President Mendes defended Temer's request to have his campaign accounts separated from Rousseff's by the court so he could avoid a ban on holding political office.
Temer called on Thursday for the TSE to reach a quick verdict to remove uncertainty over his government as it presses ahead with a key reform to tackle the pension deficit, which faces resistance in Congress and on the streets.
Gonzaga, a lawyer by training, said the tribunal should press ahead quickly to reach a verdict by August at the latest. By law, electoral justice cases should not take more than a year and this one was 2-1/2 years old, he said.
"If we stay at this pace, the trial will become endless," he said.
(Reporting by Ricardo Brito; Writing by Anthony Boadle; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Tom Brown)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Russia's National Wealth Fund, which is designed to help balance the pension system, rose to $66.26 billion as of Feb. 1 from $65.15 billion as of Jan. 1, the finance ministry said on Friday.
The ministry said the fund's dollar deposits with state development bank VEB in the amount of $6.25 billion were converted into Russian roubles in January and totalled 352.65 billion roubles. After the conversion, the deposit's interest rate was set at 2.86 percent per annum.
Earlier this year, the finance ministry said it fully drained its Reserve Fund to plug budget holes by the end of 2017, ahead of switching to a new budget mechanism that would insulate the oil-dependent economy from swings on global commodity markets.
The ministry said it had decided to terminate the Reserve Fund after converting the funds denominated in foreign currency it held in the fund into roubles and channelling more than 1 trillion roubles of those funds into the budget in late 2017. ($1 = 56.0455 roubles) (Reporting by Darya Korsunskaya; Writing by Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Maria Kiselyova)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Marvin Bagley, who may be the best basketball prospect that is not currently on an NBA roster, will be announcing where he will play his college basketball on Monday night.
We detailed the particulars of that decision last night — it will likely be as a member of the Class of 2017, it's so he can get into the 2018 NBA Draft, whether or not he's eligible to play immediately at the college level this year is not the most important part of this decision.
Here, we're going to talk impact.
What will Bagley's commitment mean for the three schools* still in the mix?
*(At this point it does not appear that Arizona is still in the mix for the Arizona-native. Bagley only visited Duke, USC and UCLA this past month, Arizona doesn't have a scholarship available and the program is currently in Spain for their team trip. If he does shock the world and pick the Wildcats, they will quite clearly be the preseason No. 1 team in the country. Bagley and Deandre Ayton could end up being the top two picks in June.)
DUKE
With Bagley in the mix, Duke — who are, as of this posting, my pick to land the 6-foot-11 forward — would have a very strong case to be slotted as the preseason No. 1 team in the country. Given the way that last season went, that may not go over all that well, but there's a valid argument: The Blue Devils would start three freshmen — Bagley, Trevon Duval and Wendell Carter — that are top seven prospects in the class, according to 247 Sports composite rankings, and another who would be the No. 17 player in the class in Gary Trent Jr. They finally have a point guard to replace Tyus Jones in the for of Duval. Grayson Allen, the lone returnee from last year's team, is finally healthy, according to Mike Krzyzewski, and on paper is a veteran leader and an all-american caliber player.
Youth would be a major issue, as Allen would likely be the only rotation player that is an upperclassman. Depth is going to be another problem as well, as Duke's reserves will likely be made up of some combination of freshmen Alex O'Connell and Jordan Tucker and sophomore Marques Bolden and Javin DeLaurier.
But the talent there in undeniable, and unlike last season, the pieces actually fit together. Duval is a playmaker at the point, although he has a reputation for being more of an attacker than a ‘pure point guard', while Trent and Allen are scorers with three-point range on the wing. Carter, who many believe to be the second-coming of Al Horford, should be able to handle his own on the block.
And then there's Bagley, who is the ideal for what Duke is looking for at the four spot. He's big enough that he can defend as a four — or even a five — but he's skilled enough to play on the perimeter in four-around-one lineups. The Blue Devils don't currently have a guy that can fill that Jayson Tatum, Jabari Parker, Justise Winslow, Brandon Ingram role, and Bagley might be better suited to do it than any of them.
At the very least he should being the most on the defensive end.
Which is why I think his arrival at Duke would make the Blue Devils a real national title contender, if not the favorite to win the whole thing.
USC
Imagine if the Trojans are able to land Bagley over Duke and UCLA. Andy Enfield beating out Coach K and Steve Alford for a recruit, particularly a recruit from the West Coast that played in Southern California last high school season?
That would be a helluva statement to make.
It would also put USC firmly in the mix as the nation's preseason No. 1 team. They're already loaded, particularly in the front court. Bennie Boatwright and Chimezie Metu both returned to school for their junior seasons, and with the addition of Bagley, one of those three would be relegated to coming off of the bench. My guess is that it would be Metu simply because of the style that USC plays. They want to run the floor, they want to space the court, they want to fire up threes and score points in a hurry, and I think that Bagley's ability to replace the rebounding that rim protection that Metu provides is better than his ability to provide the pure shooting ability of Boatwright.
Regardless, that front court, which is already one of the best in the country, would likely become the best with the addition of Bagley.
And when the Trojans already have a perimeter attack that includes veterans Jordan McLaughlin, Elijah Stewart and Derryck Thornton along with De'Anthony Melton, Jonah Mathews and Shaqquan Aaron, you're looking at an absolutely loaded roster that perfectly fits the way Enfield wants to play.
UCLA
The Bruins are the interesting case here.
For starters, they are an Under Armour school, and Bagley has played on the Nike circuit the last two years. That's not a dealbreaker, but the presence of LaVar Ball in and around that program, particularly with the one son (LiAngelo) every is already concerned about on the roster, it makes that landing spot seem somewhat unlikely.
But if Steve Alford does find a way to convince the Bagleys that UCLA is the best place for Marvin., he would be a season-changing recruit. UCLA already has a loaded perimeter attack. Jaylen Hands is one of the best point guards in the Class of 2017 even though he may not even be the best point guard on UCLA's roster for this season; that title likely belongs to the ever-underrated Aaron Holiday. Throw in Kris Wilkes, Chris Smith, Prince Ali and Ball, and there are a ton of guard options here.
What they lack, however, is a proven four, someone who can play the role that T.J. Leaf played last season. Bagley can, and at a much higher level. That may be hard for someone like Cody Riley or G.G. Goloman to swallow, but Bagley's skill alongside the ability of Thomas Welsh to pull defenders away from the rim is enticing.
UCLA is currently a top 20 team entering the season. With Bagley, they probably enter the top ten with a real shot of winning the Pac-12.
May 2 Fireeye Inc:
* Q1 loss per share $0.48; Q1 non-GAAP loss per share $0.09; Q1 revenue $173.7 million, up 3 percent
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.26, revenue view $163.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says Q1 billings of $152.4 million, down 18 percent
* Q1 GAAP gross margin of 63 percent versus 57 percent last year; Q1 non-GAAP gross margin of 73 percent versus 70 percent last year
* Sees Q2 total revenue $173 million - $179 million; sees Q2 non-gaap loss per share $0.10 - $0.14
* Q2 earnings per share view $-0.14, revenue view $173.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees Q2 non-gaap gross margin of about 72 percent; sees FY 2017
* Sees FY 2017 revenue of $724 million - $736 million; sees FY 2017 non-GAAP loss per share $0.26 - $0.36
* FY2017 earnings per share view $-0.48, revenue view $723.1 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees Q2 billings of $155 million - $175 mlm; sees FY 2017 billings of $745 million - $775 million
* Says expects positive non-GAAP operating income in Q4 of 2017
* Sees fy 2017 capital expenditures between $40 million and $50 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Seamless Distribution Ab
* Seqr integrates Masterpass to create the first digital wallet for shopping in all channels across multiple markets
* Masterpass is a digital payment service from Mastercard Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 Telenor ASA
* Says the Nomination Committee has proposed to elect Grethe Viksaas and Joergen Kildahl to the board of directors of Telenor
* Says proposed candidates will succeed Siri Beate Hatlen, Ashok Vaswani, Regi Aalstad and Dag Opedal, who will be relieved of their duties
* Says with these changes the board of Telenor will have nine members
* Says the Nomination Committee plans to propose an additional board member during the fall of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
To kick off the political year we asked all 20 members of Cabinet one thing they would commit to doing in power — and one thing they vow not to do.
Jacinda Ardern, 37
Prime Minister, Minister for Arts, Culture and Heritage, Minister for National Security and Intelligence.
Jacinda Ardern. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Partner Clarke Gayford.
• Mt Albert MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Reducing child poverty and improving access (and New Zealanders' love) of our arts, culture and heritage.
One thing you won't: Be a conventional Government.
Winston Peters, 72
Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Racing and State Owned Enterprises.
Advertisement
Winston Peters. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Partner Jan Trotman.
• List MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Straight talk.
One thing you won't: I won't ever give up fishing.
Kelvin Davis, 50
Minister for Crown/Māori Relations, Minister of Corrections, Minister of Tourism, Associate Minister of Education
Kelvin Davis. Photo / John Stone
• Married with three children.
• Te Tai Tokerau MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Reducing prison population by 30 per cent over the next 15 years.
One thing you won't: Forget where I come from because Te Tai Tokerau keeps me grounded.
Grant Robertson, 46
Minister of Finance, Minister for Sport and Recreation, Associate Minister for Arts, Culture and Heritage
Grant Robertson. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Civil Union partner Alf, two step- children and three grandchildren.
• Wellington Central MP
One thing you commit to doing: Always remembering the economy is not an end in itself, but a means to an end — a better life for all.
One thing you won't: Forget the people who work hard every day and pay their taxes to drive our economy.
Phil Twyford, 54
Minister of Housing and Urban Development, Minister of Transport
Phil Twyford. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Married to Jo, one son Harry.
• Te Atatu MP.
One thing you commit to doing: All I can to get more New Zealanders into warm, dry homes and get Auckland moving.
One thing you won't: Pretend there isn't a housing crisis while kids are living in cars.
Megan Woods, 44
Minister for Energy, Minister for Research Science and Innovation, Minister for Greater Christchurch Regeneration, Minister for the Earthquake Commission
Megan Woods.
• Single, with a step-daughter from a previous relationship.
• Wigram MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Speeding up the Canterbury recovery.
One thing you won't: Back down.
Chris Hipkins, 39
Minister of Education, Minister of State Services and Leader of the House
Chris Hipkins. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Partner and one child.
• Rimutaka MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Listening to teachers and educators and respecting their professional expertise.
One thing you won't: Allow the focus of our education to be narrowed down to a small range of arbitrary measures.
Andrew Little, 52
Hon Andrew Little MP, Minister of Justice, Minister for Courts, Minister for Treaty of Waitangi Negotiations, Minister Responsible for the NZSIS, Minister Responsible for the GCSB, Minister Responsible for Pike River Re-entry
Andrew Little. Photo / Getty Images
• I'm happily married to my lovely best friend Leigh Fitzgerald and we have an amazing 15-year-old son, Cam.
• List MP.
One thing you will do: I will work relentlessly to ensure New Zealand has a justice system that reduces offending and keeps all New Zealanders safe.
One thing you won't: I won't ever stop learning te reo Māori. Nga manaakitanga!
Carmel Sepuloni, 40
Minister for Social Development, Minister for Disability Issues
Carmel Sepuloni.
• Engaged, two children.
• Kelston MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Making the welfare system fairer and more accessible and helping people to realise their potential.
One thing you won't: Make life harder for those who are already struggling.
Dr David Clark, 45
Minister of Health, Associate Minister of Finance
David Clark. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Married with three children.
• Dunedin North MP.
One thing you commit to doing: I will work hard to ensure every New Zealander has access to affordable, quality healthcare.
One thing you won't:
I won't back away from addressing inequalities New Zealanders increasingly face in seeking health care.
David Parker, 58
Attorney-General, Minister for Economic Development, Minister for the Environment, Minister for Trade and Export Growth, Associate Minister of Finance
David Parker. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Partner: Barbara Ward and three adult children.
• List MP.
One thing you commit to doing: To drive the economy towards productive investment rather than speculation.
One thing you won't: Build a sheep farm in the Saudi desert.
Nanaia Mahuta, 47
Minister for Māori Development, Minister of Local Government.
Nanaia Mahuta.
• Married to William Ormsby, two children
• Hauraki-Waikato MP.
Mahuta did not respond to questions
Stuart Nash, 50
Minister of Police, Revenue, Fisheries and for Small Business.
Stuart Nash. Photo / Paul Taylor
• Married to Sarah, four children including two from previous marriage.
• Napier MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Work towards recruiting 1800 extra police over three years as per the Coalition Agreement.
One thing you won't: I hope to avoid annoying Parliament's Speaker, Trevor Mallard, again.
Iain Lees-Galloway, 39
Workplace Relations and Safety, Immigration, ACC
Iain Lees-Galloway. Photo / Brett Phibbs
• Married with three children.
• Palmerston North MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Make New Zealand a better place to work.
One thing you won't: Strip away workers' rights.
Jenny Salesa, 50
Minister for Building and Construction, Minister for Ethnic Communities, Associate Minister of Health, Associate Minister of Education, Associate Minister of Housing and Urban Development.
Jenny Salesa.
• Married to Damon Salesa with two children.
• Manukau East MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Continue to serve our most vulnerable in society in a compassionate way.
One thing you won't: Stop caring about people who need our help the most.
Damien O'Connor, 60
Minister of Agriculture, Biosecurity, Food Safety and Rural Communities, Associate Minister of Trade and Export Growth.
Damien O'Connor.
• Partner and five daughters.
• West Coast-Tasman MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Drive development of a strategic pathway to higher value agribusiness primary production.
One thing you won't: Allow rural communities to be ignored.
Clare Curran, 57
Minister of Broadcasting, Communi-cations and Digital Media, Minister for Government Digital Services, Associate Minister for ACC, Associate Minister of State Services (Open Government)
Clare Curran.
• Single, with two sons.
• South Dunedin MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Putting non-commercial public media news and New Zealand-made content at the centre of our media.
One thing you won't: I won't let New Zealand be viewed by the world, and the next generation, as a place where ideas don't flourish and transparency is a myth.
Ron Mark, 64
Minister of Defence, Minister for Veterans
Ron Mark. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Partner: Christine Tracey, five children, 13 grandchildren.
• List MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Achieve the best possible cross-party consensus on Defence matters, to give security and confidence to the men and women who serve our country. One thing you won't: Ask anyone to do anything I wouldn't do myself.
Tracey Martin, 53
Minister for Children, Minister for Seniors, Minister of Internal Affairs, Associate Education Minister
Tracey Martin.
• Married to Ben, with three children.
• List MP.
One thing you commit to doing: To care about people before politics.
One thing you won't: No stunts.
Shane Jones, 58
Regional Economic Development, Forestry, Infrastructure, Associate Finance, Associate Transport
Shane Jones. Photo / John Borren
• Married (in January) to Dot. Seven tamariki.
• List MP.
One thing you commit to doing: I'm committed to weight reduction for the purposes of Golden Oldies Rugby.
One thing you won't: I've recently married and I can promise you a thing that won't happen — there will never be a pregnancy announcement.
• Winston Peters, Ron Mark, Tracey Martin and Shane Jones are NZ First MPs.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
April 9 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at close of play in the second One Day International between West Indies and Pakistan on Sunday in Georgetown, Guyana Pakistan Innings Ahmed Shehzad c Hope b Gabriel 5 Kamran Akmal c Hope b Joseph 21 Babar Azam not out 125 Mohammad Hafeez st Hope b Nurse 32 Shoaib Malik c Hope b Bishoo 9 Sarfraz Ahmed c Walton b Gabriel 26 Imad Wasim not out 43 Extras (b-1 lb-9 nb-2 w-9) 21 Total (for 5 wickets, 50 overs) 282 Fall of wickets: 1-16 A. Shehzad,2-44 K. Akmal,3-113 M. Hafeez,4-128 S. Malik,5-183 S. Ahmed Did not bat: S. Khan, M. Amir, H. Ali, J. Khan Bowling S. Gabriel 10 - 1 - 50 - 2(nb-1 w-2) J. Holder 9 - 0 - 48 - 0(w-1) A. Joseph 9 - 0 - 69 - 1(nb-1 w-3) D. Bishoo 10 - 0 - 40 - 1 A. Nurse 10 - 0 - 42 - 1(w-3) J. Carter 2 - 0 - 23 - 0 West Indies Innings E. Lewis lbw b Amir 13 C. Walton c H. Ali b J. Khan 10 S. Hope c S. Khan b H. Ali 15 K. Powell lbw b H. Ali 11 J. Carter lbw b Hafeez 12 J. Mohammed c S. Ahmed b Hafeez 1 J. Holder c B. Azam b H. Ali 68 A. Nurse lbw b H. Ali 44 D. Bishoo lbw b S. Khan 16 A. Joseph c B. Azam b H. Ali 15 S. Gabriel not out 0 Extras (lb-1 w-2) 3 Total (all out, 44.5 overs) 208 Fall of wickets: 1-22 C. Walton,2-27 E. Lewis,3-46 S. Hope,4-51 K. Powell,5-56 J. Mohammed,6-75 J. Carter,7-133 A. Nurse,8-156 D. Bishoo,9-208 A. Joseph,10-208 J. Holder Bowling Mohammad Amir 7 - 1 - 36 - 1 Junaid Khan 6 - 0 - 41 - 1(w-1) Hasan Ali 8.5 - 1 - 38 - 5 Mohammad Hafeez 6 - 0 - 23 - 2 Imad Wasim 7 - 0 - 29 - 0(w-1) Shadab Khan 10 - 1 - 40 - 1 Referees Umpire: Gregory Brathwaite Umpire: Ian Gould TV umpire: Simon Fry Match referee: Jeff Crowe Result: Pakistan won by 74 runs
FILE PHOTO: Linde Group logo is seen at company's plant in Munich-Pullach, Germany, August 16, 2016. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
MUNICH, Germany The labor and capital representatives on Linde's (LING.DE) supervisory board stuck to their opposing positions over a planned merger with Praxair (PX.N) at a meeting on Thursday, a supervisory board source told Reuters after the meeting.
"No concessions were made," the source said.
The German and U.S. industrial gases groups have agreed to pursue a $65 billion all-share merger of equals and are hammering out terms of a business combination agreement.
Linde labor representatives agreed to the deal in principle in December in exchange for German job guarantees but have come to oppose it because it would dilute their influence by putting the headquarters of the new holding company outside Germany.
The boards of both companies will have to approve the eventual business combination agreement, making it likely that Linde's supervisory board will vote on the issue on May 3, ahead of the company's annual shareholder meeting on May 10.
"As it looks today, everything is pointing toward a showdown on May 3," the source said.
As is the norm at German listed companies, Labour and capital are equally represented on Linde's supervisory board. In the event of a stalemate, Chairman Wolfgang Reitzle would have a casting vote, and has said he is prepared to use it.
Linde shares pared gains on the news and were trading 0.3 percent higher by 1346 GMT, outperforming a 0.2 percent-weaker German blue-chip index .GDAXI.
(Writing by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Ludwig Burger, Kathrin Jones and David Evans)
SHANGHAI Chinese fund managers have trimmed their suggested equity exposure for the next three months to the lowest in 6 months due to soured risk appetite amid tighter government regulations to contain speculation.
China's politburo, a top decision-making body of the ruling Communist Party, held the 40th study meeting on national financial security and stability this week, and President Xi Jinping made a rare speech on financial stability.
"We think it sends an important signal to support the ongoing tightening of financial regulation and enforcement," Citi wrote in a recent note.
The fund managers cut their suggested equity allocations to 76.3 percent, according to a poll of eight China-based fund managers conducted this week, down from 79.4 percent a month earlier.
It is the third straight month that asset managers have recommended cutting equity exposure.
The fund managers have, meanwhile, raised their suggested bond allocations for the coming three months to 11.3 percent from 7.5 percent a month ago.
They have also reduced recommended cash allocations to 12.5 percent, from 13.1 percent in the previous month.
"The decline in the second half of April was driven more by soured sentiment, as speculative money suffered setbacks. It could take time for the market to recover," a South China-based fund manager said.
Overall, the correction in the benchmark indexes was relatively sufficient given the recent sharp decline, a Shanghai-based fund manager said, adding there could be a rebound if the market steadies.
Average recommended allocations to financial stocks were raised to 15.6 percent from 12.5 percent, but recommended allocations to consumer stocks were down to 27.5 percent from 32.5 percent, indicating blue chips with lower valuations were favored as investors remained cautious for the moment.
"For now we prefer value investing, as it would take time to restore confidence in the market," another Shanghai-based fund manager said, referring to a long-term approach with focus on companies' fundamentals and growth prospects.
Investors shall refrain from "concept" stocks - usually small-cap and speculative plays, said the manager, adding he prefers the "One Belt, One Road" theme, cyclical stocks and financial plays.
"One Belt, One Road" is a signature economic policy of Chinese President Xi Jinping, envisioning massive infrastructure spending to link China to the rest of Asia and Europe.
(Reporting by David Lin, Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
LONDON Prime Minister Theresa May has not ruled out allowing the free movement of people between Britain and the European Union during "an implementation phase" after Britain leaves the bloc, the BBC reported on Wednesday.
May, who triggered the formal divorce procedure with the European Union last week, has said she expects some kind of implementation phase, or transitional agreement, after two years of talks with the bloc.
She has offered few details on how an implementation phase would operate, but if Britain wants to keep the status quo before finalising a deal, it will have to accept the EU's rules - the so-called four freedoms allowing the free movement of people, capital, goods and services.
Asked whether her government would rule out the free movement of people in any transitional period after the terms of Britain's departure from the European Union were agreed, May declined to do so, the BBC said.
"Once we've agreed what the new relationship will be for the future, it will be necessary for there to be a period of time when businesses and governments are adjusting systems and so forth," May told reporters on a visit to Saudi Arabia.
Concern over immigration from the European Union was a major reason behind Britain's vote to leave and May has said she will respect those fears by not seeking membership of Europe's single market which would mean allowing freedom of movement of people.
She added that Britain would have "control of our borders and control of our immigration", the BBC reported.
Citing the same conversation with reporters, the Financial Times said May had suggested that Britain would not be able to complete a new trade deal with the EU until after Brexit happens in 2019, saying that there was a "legal situation in terms of how the European Union can conduct trade negotiations".
However May said that by the time Britain leaves the EU, "it's right that everybody should know what the future arrangements, the future relationship, that future partnership between us and the EU will be".
(Reporting by Estelle Shirbon and Alistair Smout; editing by Guy Faulconbridge and Elizabeth Piper)
April 28 UniCredit:
* Capital Research and Management Company held 5.07 percent of Italy's biggest bank by assets on April 25, according to a filing published by the Italian market watchdog on Friday
* The Los Angeles-based fund previously held a stake in UniCredit of 4.09 percent as of March 2 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
Around 200 people made their way to Traditions at the Glen for the first ever Comedy Music Festival. The event is inspired by the 100th radio show of KBKabaret.
Bree Harvey, Producer and Head writer of KBKabaret decided when she first started the show back in 2015, she would celebrate the 100th radio show episode live. The radio show currently airs every Saturday on WNBF. Over the past two years, Harvey has gained around 260,000 fans through her show and podcasts.
"Laughter is very important. It's a survival method for I think most writers and most songwriters, anyone. You need that. Everyone needs to laugh and be happy. So this is what we're here for, to make the community uplifted, spiritually pleased and happy," said Harvey.
Harvey says this will be the first of many events to come in the future. All proceeds from the event will go to the Mental Health Association of the Southern Tier.
"I believe that everyone is touched by some sort of mental health issue, and comedy is there for you. Music is there for you. I hope this benefits anyone who's a little depressed. Start writing, start singing, I think that helps," said Bree Harvey.
LONDON, April 20 Prompt British wholesale gas prices were mixed on Thursday, with colder weather forecasts for next week supporting the day-ahead contract but within-day gas down on lower demand. * British day-ahead gas price rose by 0.15 pence to 39.25 pence per therm at 0949 GMT. * Traders cited expectations of colder weather for next week as providing support to the day-ahead contract, with further support from a slightly short system. * System undersupplied by 0.9 million cubic metres (mcm) with demand forecast at 254.5 mcm and flows at 255.4 mcm/day, National Grid data shows. * Within-day contract down by 0.15 pence to 39.25 p/therm. * "Supply has been comfortable so far with no disruptions and temperatures are milder which has reduced demand," a European-based gas trader active across multiple markets said. * He added that with colder weather expected next week and with little new LNG seen arriving in the near-term, prices should found renewed support across Europe. * Imports from Norway through the Langeled pipeline were around 50 mcm/day, up from around 48 mcm the previous day. * Supplies into the St Fergus NSMP terminal gathered pace as offshore fields returned from maintenance. * May gas contract up by 0.05 pence to 39.05 p/therm. * Winter 2017 contract down by 0.15 pence to 46.40 p/therm. * Day-ahead gas price at the Dutch TTF hub up by 0.02 euro to 16.27 euros per megawatt hour (MWh). * A Dutch court said on Thursday it had ordered prosecutors to open a criminal investigation into responsibility for earthquakes triggered by gas production at the country's large gas field in Groningen. * Earlier this week, the Netherlands set out plans to reduce production at its Groningen field by 10 percent from October to limit the risk of earthquakes. * Benchmark Dec-17 EU carbon contract down by 0.03 euro to 4.80 euros per tonne. * Thomson Reuters analyst view: here (Reporting By Oleg Vukmanovic; Editing by Nina Chestney)
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
Men gather as rescue workers move the bodies of victims, who were killed in a Sufi shrine, on the outskirts of Sargodha, Pakistan April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Members of the police forensic unit (R) survey the scene outside a Sufi shrine, after an attack at the shrine, on the outskirts of Sargodha, Pakistan April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
LAHORE, Pakistan Twenty people were tortured and then murdered with clubs and knives at a Pakistani Sufi shrine, the police said on Sunday, in an attack purportedly carried out by the shrine's custodian and several accomplices.
Four others were wounded during the attack on Sunday morning at the shrine on the edge of Sargodha, a remote town in the Punjab region.
The custodian of the shrine, Abdul Waheed, called on the worshippers to visit the shrine and then attacked them with his accomplices, said Liaqat Ali Chattha, deputy commissioner for the area.
"As they kept arriving, they were torturing and murdering them," Chattha told Geo TV.
Pervaiz Haider, a doctor in a Sargodha hospital, said most of the dead were hit on the back of the neck.
"There are bruises and wounds inflicted by a club and dagger on the bodies of victims," he told Reuters.
Police arrested Waheed. During his interrogation, the custodian told police he believed his victims were out to kill him, said Zulfiqar Hameed, Regional Police Officer for Sargodha.
"Waheed told police that he killed the people because they had tried to kill him by poisoning him in the past, and again they were there to kill him," Hameed told Reuters.
Reuters could not immediately find contact details for Waheed or any lawyer representing him.
With its ancient hypnotic rituals, Sufism is a mystical form of Islam that has been practised in Pakistan for centuries.
But in recent months, Sufi shrines have been targeted by extremist Sunni militants who consider them heretics, including a suicide bombing by Islamic State that killed more than 80 worshippers at a shrine in Lal Shahbaz Qalandar shrine in southern Sindh province.
Last November, an explosion ripped through another Sufi shrine, the Shah Noorani in southwestern Pakistan, killing at least 52 people. Islamic State also claimed responsibility for that attack.
(Reporting by Mubasher Bukhari; Writing by Drazen Jorgic; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Former German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder delivers his speech at the Social Democratic party (SPD) convention in Dortmund, Germany, June 25, 2017.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has nominated former German chancellor Gerhard Schroeder to the board of its biggest oil producer Rosneft (ROSN.MM) as an independent director, according to a government decree published late on Friday.
Chancellor from 1998 to 2005, Schroeder is currently the chairman of the shareholders' committee of Nord Stream AG, a Gazprom (GAZP.MM)-led consortium established for construction of pipeline carrying Russian natural gas across the Baltic.
Rosneft, in which Russia has a 50 percent plus one share, is under Western sanctions over Moscow's role in the Ukraine crisis.
Schroeder, who calls Russian President Vladimir Putin his friend, has criticised moves to impose sanctions on Russia.
His candidacy was put forward as Rosneft plans to increase the number of board directors to 11 from nine, the government said on its website.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Today (August 15, 2017), Aishwarya Rai Bachchan completes twenty years in the Industry and of course, it's a moment of celebration for all the Aishwarya Rai Bachchan fans out there.
To mark this special day, we have brought to you an old interview of Aishwarya Rai, when she was quite new in the industry and talked about her 'star aura' and how media was crazy about her even before her debut!
How Her Film Journey Started On An Unexpected Note.. "A professor asked me to do a photoshoot for her and I agreed. She was a photojournalist. Then, all through my 12th, I refused offers. I never really got my portfolio done," had said Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, while talking to Rediff. ‘I Shunned Everything' "But the film industry and the modelling world took well to me. I started getting offers from everywhere and, as a typical science student, I said, ‘No way. What's going on? I'm supposed to be studying.' "I shunned everything. But, post HSC, you get three months off. It was during this time that I did model for a lark." ‘I Grabbed Attention' "Everybody knows what happened after that. It just went on and on and on. The industry took well to me and I caught the media's attention or rather I grabbed attention or whatever. It was symbiotic and there was attention." ‘There Was This Star Aura Attached To My Name' "It's amazing how, even as a model, I was around only for around a year-and-a-half before my titles happened. But, within that year, I had done most of the prestigious campaigns and there was this star aura that was attached to my name." We Gotta Say, She Was Born To Be A Star "I was not a film star or a ramp queen although they would refer to me like that sometimes. I was not there in every designer's catalogue, I was not doing every show. I was doing only select shows since I was a student. You can probably count the campaigns I did. Just four-five major brands." When Aish Rejected Many Film Offers During Her Modelling Days "But there was this star aura around me because of which, even at that time, I started getting very good offers from films. When I rejected them, a lot of directors smiled and said, ‘Yeah. We'd like to see you become an architect'." Shekhar Kapur Had Already Seen A Star In Aishwarya Rai "Shekhar (Kapur) had met me while he was making Bandit Queen and he said, ‘Look, even I have a degree in accountancy, but I'm making movies. Probably five years down the line you will become an architect, but I know you're meant to be here.'" In Fact, Yash Chopra Also Wanted Aish To Join Film Industry "Even Yashji laughed and said, ‘All right, come and deny my offers.' They're all seniors in the industry and I guess they always knew." For Aishwarya, Her Education Was Her Priority "I was neither starry-eyed nor condescending towards the film industry. I just said I was not ready for films. Nobody in my family belonged here. I was a good student and I could not dream of dropping my studies. So I said no." Aishwarya Was Glad That She Didn't Ditch Her Study For Film Offers "In a way, I'm glad I took the decision because, if I had joined the industry then, I wouldn't have joined the pageant and the titles would never have happened."
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is one of those rare actresses, who has been ruling the Industry since two decades and has left no chance to represent India at the global platform!
She was an inspiration, is an inspiration and will always be an inspiration to all the women out there!
BERLIN, March 29 SMA Solar, the world's largest maker of solar inverters, said it agreed to sell unit SMA Railway Technology to Chinese railway technology group Beijing Dinghan Technology, which will have a positive impact on its first-quarter earnings.
The two parties have agreed not to disclose the deal price, SMA Solar said in a statement on Wednesday.
The sale will have a positive impact on earnings in the first quarter, SMA Solar said, predicting earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation of 15-18 million euros ($16-$19 million).
It confirmed its full-year targets.
($1 = 0.9252 euros) (Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Australia's deputy prime minister, Barnaby Joyce, may be ineligible to sit in the country's parliament after it emerged he is a New Zealand citizen.
Mr Joyce is potentially the fifth politician in recent weeks to fall foul of constitutional rules barring dual citizens from Australia's parliament. The laws, designed to ensure loyalty to Australia from elected representatives, have already caught out four senators since mid-July, forcing two to quit parliament.
Mr Joyce's case is by far the most significant for the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, and his rightwing Coalition government. Mr Turnbull leads the Liberal Party and Mr Joyce leads its junior partner, the National Party.
If Mr Joyce is forced out of parliament, the Turnbull government would lose its one-seat majority in the House of Representatives. Mr Joyce is the first lower house member and the most senior minister to face questions about his eligibility.
The matter will now go before the high court, the highest court in Australia's judicial system, to determine whether Mr Joyce's New Zealand citizenship made him ineligible for office.
Section 44(i) of the Australian constitution says anyone who holds the citizenship of another country is barred from holding public office – unless they can show they have taken “reasonable steps” to renounce their second citizenship.
Mr Joyce, facing mounting questions from the media, delivered a statement to parliament on Monday conceding he may hold New Zealand citizenship. The New Zealand government confirmed Mr Joyce was a citizen a short time later. “Unwittingly or not, he's a New Zealand citizen,” said New Zealand's prime minister, Bill English.
High court hearing
Mr Joyce said he had been made a New Zealand citizen without his knowledge. “Neither I nor my parents had any reason to believe that I may be a citizen of any other country,” Joyce said.
“I was born in Australia in 1967 to an Australian mother and I think I'm fifth generation. My father was born in New Zealand, came to Australia in 1947 as a British subject – in fact, we were all British subjects at that time.
“The concept of New Zealand-Australian citizenship was not created until 1948. Neither my parents nor I had ever applied to register me as a New Zealand citizen.”
Mr Joyce has refused to step aside from his duties as deputy prime minister pending the high court hearing. He will also continue to cast his crucial vote in the lower house.
That is a markedly different approach to that of his colleague, the energy minister Matt Canavan, who stood aside from his cabinet duties after discovering he held dual Australian-Italian citizenship last month. Mr Canavan, a senator, also said he would not cast his vote in the upper house until his own case was dealt with by the high court.
Mr Turnbull said he was “very confident” the high court would rule in Mr Joyce's favour. He said the referral to the high court, made by Mr Joyce himself, was not due to any doubt about his eligibility. Rather, the referral was made so the high court could clarify the rules around dual citizenship.
“Based on advice from the solicitor general, the government is the very confident the court will not find that the member for New England is to be disqualified from the parliament. Very confident,” Mr Turnbull told the Australian parliament on Monday.
Last month two senators from the Australian Greens, Scott Ludlam and Larissa Waters, quit the Senate after it emerged they were citizens of New Zealand and Canada respectively. Their plight was initially enjoyed by rightwing critics. Mr Ludlam and Ms Waters said they did not know they were dual citizens but resigned all the same.
A senator with the far-right One Nation party, Malcolm Roberts, was referred to the high court for a possible dual Australian-British citizenship but remains in parliament.
Mr Joyce was born in Tamworth, a regional town in New South Wales, and speaks with a distinctly Australian drawl. His National Party has traditionally represented the nation's graziers, farmers and rural voters.
He attracted global headlines when, as agriculture minister, he told Johnny Depp and Amber Heard that their dogs Pistol and Boo should “bugger off” or be put down after they were brought into Australia illegally.
Oddly, the revelation about Mr Joyce's citizenship was instigated by the New Zealand Labour Party MP Chris Hipkins, who submitted two written questions in parliament to the internal affairs minister, Peter Dunne, who was given until the August 17th to respond.
“Are children born in Australia to parents who are New Zealand citizens automatically citizens of New Zealand; if not, what process do they need to follow in order to become New Zealand citizens?” he asked on August 9th.
He also asked: “Would a child born in Australia to a New Zealand father automatically have New Zealand citizenship?”
Guardian service
To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 10:30 am: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at ICICI Bank event in New Delhi. LIVECHAT - POLITICS We take a look at the political betting odds ahead of the second round of French elections with Reuters analyst Rob Howard, at 2:30 pm. To join the conversation, click on the link: here INDIA TOP NEWS • ANALYSIS-Global pension funds warm to India's solar power ambitions Some of the world's biggest pension funds, seeking long-term returns on green investments, are scouting for deals in India's solar power sector, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi is targeting $100 billion in investment in the next five years. • India court approves $1.18 billion settlement of Tata-DoCoMo dispute - TV The Delhi High Court has approved a settlement of the $1.18 billion dispute between Tata Sons and NTT DoCoMo, allowing the Indian firm to buy out the Japanese firm's stake in the telecoms joint venture, TV news channels reported on Friday. • Paytm parent One97 set to raise over $1.8 billion from SoftBank One97 Communications, owner of electronics payments provider Paytm, is set to raise more than 120 billion rupees ($1.87 billion) from Japan's SoftBank Group, the Economic Times reported on Friday citing sources. • Ambuja Cements Q1 profit jumps four-fold on higher sales volume India's Ambuja Cements, part of global conglomerate LafargeHolcim Ltd, on Friday reported an over four-fold surge in first-quarter net profit, as higher cement sales volume and favourable pricing offset rising costs. • India's Federal Bank aims 3.25 pct net interest margin, growth across segments India's Federal Bank, a mid-sized private sector lender, is targeting a net interest margin of 3.25 percent in the fiscal year that began in April by focusing on growing its books, improving loan recovery and deposit portfolio, its chief executive officer said. • Global med-tech firms, India locked in tussle after stent price sting A group of global medical-technology companies plans to tell Indian officials next month that any further price control measures would risk future investments and make them less likely to introduce new products in the country, according to an industry source familiar with the matter. GLOBAL TOP NEWS • Trump opens door to N.Korea meeting as Pyongyang hints tests to continue U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday opened the door to meeting North Korea's Kim Jong-un, saying he would be honored to meet the young leader under the right circumstances, even as Pyongyang suggested it would continue its nuclear weapons tests. • ANALYSIS-Asian nations pulled into China's orbit as Trump puts America first Across Asia, more and more countries are being pulled into Beijing's orbit, with the timid stance adopted by Southeast Asian nations on the South China Sea at a weekend summit a clear sign this fundamental geostrategic shift is gathering momentum. • Japan wrestles over smoking ban as Olympics loom Tokyo risks being one of the unhealthiest Olympic Games hosts in years, as an anti-smoking law exposes deep rifts over tobacco tax revenue, personal freedom and the dangers of passive smoking, which kills thousands of Japanese each year. LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK (As reported by NewsRise) • The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 9,357.00, trading little changed from its previous close. • The Indian rupee is likely to edge higher against the dollar in early trade, in line with regional peers, tracking broad dollar weakness following soft U.S. data. Bunched-up foreign fund inflows following an extended weekend will also likely help the rupee, traders said. • Indian government bonds will likely edge lower tracking gains in U.S. Treasury yields ahead of the central bank's auction of securities to soak up liquidity in the banking system. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026 is likely to trade in a 6.94 pct - 6.99 pct band today. GLOBAL MARKETS • Wall Street climbed on Monday, boosted by gains in Apple and other big tech stocks that more than offset weak economic data and pushed the Nasdaq Composite to another record high. • Wall Street climbed on Monday, boosted by gains in Apple and other big tech stocks that more than offset weak economic data and pushed the Nasdaq Composite to another record high. • The dollar hit a one-month high against the yen, lifted by Treasury yields which surged after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin commented on the possibility of ultra long-term bond issuance. • U.S. Treasury debt prices dropped on Monday in generally thin volume, pressured by comments from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin saying the government is looking into the issuance of ultra long-term bonds, or those with maturities beyond 30 years. • Oil prices edged down, as a recovery in Libyan output and rising U.S. supplies raised worries that OPEC-led production cuts may not significantly tighten a bloated market. • Gold was steady after falling nearly one percent to a three-week low in the previous session as equities and the dollar climbed, while worries over North Korea eased. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 64.19/64.22 April 28 -$179.02 mln -$44.52 mln 10-yr bond yield 7.21 Month-to-date -$171.38 mln $3.92 bln Year-to-date $6.61 bln $9.39 bln For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 64.24 Indian rupees) (Compiled by Sai Sharanya Khosla in Bengaluru)
May 3 Facebook Inc reported a 76.6 percent surge in quarterly profit on Wednesday, fueled by robust growth in its mobile ad business.
Mobile ad revenue accounted for 85 percent of the company's total advertising revenue of $7.86 billion in the first quarter ended March 31, compared with 82 percent a year earlier.
Analysts on average had expected total ad revenue of $7.68 billion, according to financial data and analytics firm FactSet.
The social media giant is expected to generate $31.94 billion in mobile ad revenue globally in 2017, a 42.1 percent jump from a year earlier, according to research firm eMarketer.
Net income attributable to Facebook shareholders rose to $3.06 billion, or $1.04 per share, from $1.73 billion, or 60 cents per share, a year earlier.
Total revenue rose to $8.03 billion from $5.38 billion.
Facebook is the last of the top five U.S. tech companies to report quarterly earnings.
(Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
LISBON, April 12 The Portuguese state and the local unit of Spain's Santander have agreed to end years of litigation over 1.8 billion euros in public firms' swap contracts, and Santander will extend a long-term loan to Portugal for the companies to pay what they owe.
The finance ministry said on Wednesday that the state will make sure that the companies abide by a London court decision last year recognising the contracts as valid and governed by English law, and will no longer appeal to the UK Supreme Court.
Santander-Totta will give up on a lawsuit demanding compensation from the state in Portuguese courts and will provide a 2.3 billion euros 15-year loan to the state at a beneficial interest rate that will save Portugal 442 million euros in interest payments over 15 years.
"The terms allow for a reduction of costs associated with the swaps by 36.8 percent," the ministry said.
The contracts were agreed to protect public transport companies and Santander's local business against any rise in Euribor interest rates. But the deal backfired when Euribor rates slumped, and in 2013, the government challenged several of the interest rate hedge contracts in court.
The companies most exposed to heavy interest payments from these swap contracts were Lisbon Metro and Porto Metro. They had since stopped payments on the contracts. (Reporting By Andrei Khalip, editing by Axel Bugge)
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - An earthquake of magnitude 6.5 struck west of Indonesia's island of Sumatra on Sunday, the United States Geological Survey said.
There were no immediate reports of casualties or damage in the quake, which hit at a depth of 67 km (42 miles), at a distance of 81 km (50 miles) west of the city of Bengkulu.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AJACCIO, France (Reuters) - A group of ten-year-old schoolchildren on the Mediterranean island of Corsica proudly raised their hands in class one morning this week to say they felt Corsican, not French.
Their teacher, Nathalie Lanfranchi, grew up speaking French at home but now talks with her daughters in Corsican and teaches in both languages in this school in the outskirts of the island's biggest city, Ajaccio.
In some countries, that would raise few eyebrows.
But for France, a centralised state with a single, national identity and only one official language, Corsica's demand for more autonomy is a challenge.
The children - 11 consider themselves to be only Corsican, one only French and one claims both identities - greeted visitors with a cheerful Corsican “Bonghjornu” rather than the French “Bonjour”.
But President Emmanuel Macron may face a cooler welcome when he visits the island next week after ministers infuriated Corsica's nationalist leaders by refusing several of their demands, including official status for the Corsican language.
“Our goodwill has been taken for weakness by Paris but we are not weak, we are strong with the support of Corsicans,” said regional parliament speaker Jean-Guy Talamoni.
“Corsicans want to be recognised as a nation,” he said, adding that a protest march on Saturday would show just that.
Unlike Spain and Germany, France has always been reluctant to give much power to its regions, despite some decentralisation in the 1980s.
With nationalism on the rise, as in Catalonia and other regions of Europe, Corsicans elected nationalist leaders in December and Macron now faces demands for local powers over issues as varied as taxation and property buying.
NO FRENCH FLAG
While the French tricolour flies over official buildings throughout France, it was not to be seen in Talamoni's office, or on the front of the town hall in Granace, a tiny village of ancient stone houses in southern Corsica.
Instead, mayor Jean-Yves Leandri proudly displayed the black-and-white flag with a Moor's head that symbolises Corsica.
Rather than the tricolour sash French elected officials wear for ceremonial duties, Leandri conducts weddings with one he had specially made, again adorned with a Moor's head. He never went to pick up the portrait of Macron that should be hanging on his wall.
“We took away the French flag, it's got nothing to do here, it's Corsica,” the 54-year-old mayor said.
Jean-Yves Leandri, nationalist mayor of Granace poses beside the Corsican flag during an interview with Reuters in the village of Granace near Ajaccio, on the French Mediterranean island of Corsica, January 31, 2018. Picture taken January 31, 2018. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Leandri, a nationalist since his early 20s, is not the first in his family to be elected mayor of the village of about 100 souls. But he is the first nationalist.
Nationalist groups had staged thousands of attacks over four decades before laying down their weapons in 2014, and it took a long time to convince voters to back nationalist politicians, Leandri said.
“People used to be afraid of us,” he said. He managed to convince people to vote for him only when the violence stopped.
“Now we need to work, and work more than the others, to build a country,” he said.
AUTONOMY OR INDEPENDENCE?
Slideshow (5 Images)
In a sign of how widespread demands for autonomy have become in Corsica, Jean-Andre Miniconi, a local business leader, said authorities on the island needed more powers to boost its economy and deal with specific problems such as higher transport costs and a shortage of affordable housing.
Even the conservative mayor of Ajaccio, Laurent Marcangeli, said he favoured giving the Corsican language official status alongside French, and wanted special status for the island in the French constitution.
But where they differ with nationalists, and where even nationalists disagree among themselves, is on whether autonomy would be enough or if they should aim for independence.
In wealthy Catalonia, which has had wide powers and where Catalan is an official language, Corsica's demands for autonomy would seem modest.
But Corsica has only 325,000 inhabitants and accounts for less than 0.5 percent of France's economy. One in five inhabitants lives under the poverty threshold.
Related Coverage Talk or risk violence, Corsican nationalist tells Macron
Parliament speaker Talamoni, who wants independence at some point in the future and calls France “a neighbouring country”, says independence currently only has minority support and Corsica must first build up its economy and administrative infrastructure.
He struck a 10-year deal with nationalist politician Gilles Simeoni, who is also not a separatist, to seek more powers for Corsica but not independence.
This pact, together with the new-found peace and disillusion with mainstream parties, propelled them to victory in December, with Simeoni emerging to lead the regional government.
While they must convince Macron to delegate powers to their region, Simeoni and Talamoni must also ensure that activists who fought for such powers, often by blowing up buildings and attacking government officials, don't feel left out, said Jean-Paul Carrolaggi, a veteran separatist.
Simeoni said Macron must show next week that he is willing to heed some of their demands, warning that some return to violence on the island could not be excluded if Corsicans felt they were not being heard. [L8N1PR1AB]
BERLIN Berlin's chief public prosecutor has extended an investigation into the release of a trove of documents by WikiLeaks to include the chancellery as well as the Bundestag lower house of parliament, broadcaster NDR said on Thursday.
Last December, WikiLeaks released the confidential documents, which German security agencies had submitted to a parliamentary committee investigating the extent to which German spies helped the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) to spy in Europe.
The extension of the investigation to include the chancellery did not necessarily mean the Berlin public prosecutor had firm suspicions that individuals at Chancellor Angela Merkel's office were involved in the leak, NDR said.
Government sources told Reuters that the chancellery had agreed several weeks ago to the investigation "against unknown" persons, to allow the inquiry to proceed. There were no firm suspicions against chancellery officials, the sources added.
Surveillance is a sensitive issue in Germany where East Germany's Stasi secret police and the Nazi era Gestapo kept a close watch on the population.
Merkel told the parliamentary committee in February that she did not know how closely Germany's spies cooperated with their U.S. counterparts until 2015, well after an uproar over reports of U.S. bugging of her cellphone.
(Reporting by Andreas Rinke; Writing by Paul Carrel; editing by Ralph Boulton)
March 31 Mad Catz Interactive Inc:
* Mad Catz Interactive - co, subsidiary, 1328158 Ontario Inc., made a voluntary assignment in bankruptcy on March 30, 2017
* Mad Catz Interactive Inc - Pricewaterhousecoopers Inc has been appointed as trustee in bankruptcy of company's estate
* Mad Catz Interactive-Mad Catz, Inc ceased operations, filed voluntary petition for relief under chapter 7 of U.S. Bankruptcy code to initiate orderly liquidation of assets
* Mad Catz Interactive - certain of co's other subsidiaries filed or will file for liquidation under comparable legislation in their countries of origin
* Mad Catz Interactive - announced that all directors and officers of company have resigned effective as March 30, 2017
* Mad Catz Interactive - board of directors has been advised that co's lenders will not increase amount of its credit facilities beyond current levels Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Ski resorts operator Aspen Skiing Co LLC and private equity firm KSL Capital Partners LLC will buy Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc (SNOW.N) for about $1.5 billion, including debt, Intrawest said on Monday.
Aspen Skiing and KSL Capital's offer of $23.75 per share in cash, represents a discount of 6.1 percent to Intrawest's Friday close. Intrawest's shares were down 6.4 percent at $23.69 at midday.
Up to Friday's close, Intrawest's shares had risen 49 percent since Jan. 12, the day before Reuters reported that it was working with investment banks on a possible sale.
Intrawest, best known for ski properties include Stratton Mountain in Vermont, Mont Tremblant in Quebec and Steamboat in Colorado, had total long-term debt of $536.8 million as of Dec. 31, according to the latest quarterly filing.
It also owns mountain resorts, adventure retreats and real estate across the United States and Canada.
Aspen Skiing owns and operates four mountains in a winter resort complex in Colorado.
Under the terms, Intrawest will be bought by a newly formed entity controlled by affiliates of Aspen Skiing and KSL Capital.
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc, Moelis & Co LLC and Houlihan Lokey were Intrawest's financial advisers for the deal, while Goldman Sachs advised Aspen Skiing and KSL.
The deal is expected to close by the end of the third quarter of 2017.
(Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
March 29 Sprint Corp :
* Says can lease Samsung Galaxy S8 for $31.25 per month for 18 months or lease Samsung Galaxy S8+ for $35.42 per month for 18 months
* Says for limited time, one can pre-order Samsung Galaxy S8 with co, upgrade any time after 12 lease payments to the latest Galaxy smartphone
* Says Samsung Galaxy S8 will also be available from Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile USA on April 21 Source text - sprint.co/2nhzFNs Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Smoke rises above Al-Nuri mosque in the old city as Iraqi forces fight Islamic State militants in Mosul, Iraq, April 17, 2017. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
BAGHDAD Islamic State's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi stood up in Mosul's Grand al-Nuri Mosque on July 4 2014, revealing himself to the world for the first time, declaring holy war and announcing the formation of his caliphate.
Ever since, the militants' black flag has flown over the medieval brick walls, placing the mosque's famous leaning minaret at the heart of military and spiritual force that has taken its fight onto the streets of Europe.
Now that U.S.-backed forces are closing in and the shells are falling nearer and nearer in the northern Iraqi city, experts say they fear for the fragile structure, perched on unstable foundations alongside the Tigris river.
Following are some facts about the mosque:
FOUNDATION
The mosque is named after Nuruddin al‑Zanki, a noble who fought the early crusades from a fiefdom that covered territory in modern-day Turkey, Syria and Iraq. The mosque was built in 1172-73, shortly before his death, and housed an Islamic school.
MINARET
By the time traveler Ibn Battuta visited two centuries later, the mosque's 150-foot (45-metre) minaret was already leaning.
Its tilt gave the landmark its popular name - al-Hadba, or the hunchback.
"It is several feet out of the perpendicular," 19th-century traveler Grattan Geary wrote, "though it starts fair from the ground, and at the top, before putting on its gallery and dome, it regains an erect posture. Its attitude is that of a man bowing."
It was built with seven bands of decorative brickwork in complex geometric patterns ascending in levels towards the top in designs also found in Persia and Central Asia.
MODERN HISTORY
Both the mosque and its school were dismantled and reassembled in 1942 in a restoration programme by the Iraqi government.
Nabeel Nouriddin, a historian and archaeologist specialising in Mosul and its Nineveh region, said the minaret has not been renovated since 1970, making it particularly vulnerable.
"The Nuri Mosque and al-Hadba minaret are located in the Old City of Mosul where groundwater is a prevailing characteristic," he said.
"The lack of renovation operations and groundwater combined to weaken the foundations of the minaret over the past four decades. If powerful blasts happen nearby, the risk it could collapse would be more than 90 percent."
(Editing by Andrew Heavens)
April 12 Cellectis Sa
* Cellectis s.a. To explore possible initial public offering of Calyxt, Inc.
* No decisions have been taken at this point on structure or timing of any IPO
* Is exploring possibility of an initial public offering (ipo) of a minority interest in its plant sciences business, Calyxt, inc
* No assurance can be given that an IPO will be pursued Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LIMA A Boeing jet operated by Peruvian Airlines caught fire on Tuesday while landing at an airport near the Andean town of Jauja in central Peru after it swerved on the runway, but there were no serious injuries, a government minister said.
Peruvian Airlines said in a statement that the Boeing 737-300 jet drove off the runway for unspecified reasons during the scheduled landing, after swerving to the right. It said that all 141 people on board the flight, which originated in Lima, were evacuated safely.
Authorities are investigating the incident, which occurred about 4:30 p.m., involving the Boeing 737-300 jet at the high-altitude airport in an agricultural valley some 265 kilometres from Lima, the capital.
The fire likely started when the wing scraped the runway, Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio said.
"The plane couldn't stop on the runway and they made a manoeuvre to stop it with the wing and that appears to have caused the fire," Basombrio told reporters on local broadcaster RPP.
Television images showed a large cloud of black smoke streaming from an airliner in flames.
Boeing said it was aware of the reports of the incident and was gathering information.
(Reporting by Teresa Cespedes and Marco Aquino; Writing by Mitra Taj; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
April 12 Ivanhoe Mines Ltd
* Ivanhoe Mines CEO Lars-Eric Johansson - company has approved start of early-works construction for Shaft 2 at Platreef Mine in South Africa
* Ivanhoe Mines CEO Lars-Eric Johansson - Ivanplats, Ivanhoe's unit, is expected to begin two-part, early-works program for shaft 2 in Q2 2017
* Ivanhoe Mines CEO Lars-Eric Johansson says early-works construction is expected to take approximately 12 months and cost about $5.5 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Flowers are placed by a memorial stone during a remembrance ceremony at the site of the 2010 plane crash that killed former Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 95 others near the Russian city of Smolensk, April 10, 2013. REUTERS/Vasily Fedosenko
WARSAW Polish prosecutors said on Monday they would press charges against two Russian air traffic controllers of deliberately contributing to a 2010 plane crash that killed Poland's president and 95 other people.
The crash near Smolensk in western Russia killed the Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife, as well as the central bank chief, top army commanders and several lawmakers.
An inquiry by the previous government returned a verdict of pilot error, but the ruling right-wing Law and Justice (PiS) party led by Kaczynski's twin brother Jaroslaw, has said the crash may have been caused by an explosion on board.
The prosecutors said on Monday that a new analysis of recordings of conversations between the pilots and Russian controllers justified pressing the charges.
"An analysis of the evidence ... has allowed prosecutors to formulate new charges against air traffic controllers, citizens of the Russian Federation," Polish Deputy Prosecutor General Marek Pasionek told a news conference.
Referring to the accusations, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on Monday that circumstances of the tragedy have already been thoroughly studied and it was "certainly not possible to agree with such conclusions".
Russia has so far refused to return the wreckage of the jet to Poland, a member of NATO and the European Union, citing its own continuing investigation.
The accusations of the Polish prosecutors, whom the PiS brought under direct government control, are likely to worsen relations with Moscow - already strained over the conflict in Ukraine - and increase tensions within Polish society.
The previous Polish government's report indicated that Smolensk traffic controllers unintentionally contributed to the crash, charges Moscow had dismissed as false. A Russian report into the crash puts the blame squarely on the Poles.
The Polish prosecutors said on Monday that a re-opening of the victims' coffins, which had been sealed in Russia, has revealed that in two cases remains were in the wrong coffins and in five coffins there were fragments of other bodies.
The crash was the worst such disaster in Poland since World War Two and left society deeply divided over its causes.
A transcript of conversations from the plane's cockpit leaked by Polish media in 2015 showed that members of the president's entourage urged the pilots to land despite heavy fog.
But many Poles were shocked with video footage showing Russian workers pushing around large parts of the wreckage with excavators, cutting cables and carelessly throwing smaller pieces into a heap on a truck.
The crash took place as pilots attempted to land a Soviet-made TU-154 at a rarely used airport near Smolensk to take part in commemorations of 22,000 Polish officers executed there by Soviet secret police in 1940.
(Reporting by Marcin Goettig in WARSAW, additional reporting by Andrey Ostroukh in MOSCOW; Editing by Stephen Powell)
HCA Holdings Inc (HCA.N) said it would continue to scope out deals even as the largest U.S. for-profit hospital operator's quarterly profit missed Street estimates, hurt by an increase in low-margin Medicare admissions.
Shares of HCA, which said on Monday it would buy 5 hospitals in Texas from rivals Tenet Healthcare and Community Health, were up 1.5 percent in afternoon trading on Tuesday.
Analysts expect the deals, which expand HCA's presence in Texas, to improve commercial insurer pricing and boost profitability over the next couple of years.
"We will see if we can continue to achieve some opportunities for growth through acquisitions ... it is more active than say over the past couple of years," HCA Chief Financial Officer William Rutherford said on a call with analysts.
Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC.N) and Community Health Systems Inc (CYH.N) have been looking to turn their businesses around by selling off assets in the past few months to ease debt load.
"We are encouraged by the company's (HCA) opportunistic efforts around acquisitions," Oppenheimer analyst Michael Wiederhorn said.
Hospital operators' shares have come under pressure as Republicans persist with their plans to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, with investors concerned that a healthcare overhaul will curtail the benefits hospitals have gained from expanded insurance coverage.
Their stocks had surged after Republicans pulled their initial bill in March, dealing a setback to President Donald Trump's vow to repeal Obamacare.
HCA Holdings Chief Executive Milton Johnson said the company is "actively engaged in discussions with policymakers in Washington" regarding the healthcare reform.
LOW-MARGIN MEDICARE HOLDS BACK PROFIT
HCA Holdings' net income attributable fell 5 percent to $659 million, or $1.74 per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, missing analysts' estimates of $1.76 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Mizuho Securities USA analyst Sheryl Skolnick said that expense ratios suffered from the relative lack of higher-margin insurance revenue.
Same-facility Medicare admissions comprised 48.1 percent of total first quarter admissions, up from 47.0 percent in the prior-year quarter.
Medicare, typically a lower-margin business for hospitals, is the federal health insurance program for people who are 65 and above.
HCA's equivalent admissions, which include both patients who stay in the hospital overnight and those who are treated on an outpatient basis, rose 1.2 percent.
In contrast, Tenet Healthcare and Community Health Systems reported a fall in adjusted admissions even as they reported better-than-expected results.
(Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Supriya Kurane)
Her stunning looks have been featured for campaigns with Céline, Stella McCartney and Alexander McQueen. Karly Loyce is guaranteed to light up any runway with a French twist. Not only is it her first language, it's also part of her dynamic heritage.
New York – Women Management
Paris – Women Management Paris
London – The Squad
Claim to Fame: Karly was scouted while walking home from school one day in Chantilly France where she was a Biology student.
Instagram: @karlyloyce
Thank you soo much @prabalgurung for this fabulous show as always @kaisergrams 😚 A post shared by Karly Loyce (@karlyloyce) on Feb 13, 2017 at 9:32am PST
Like many of her fashion colleagues, Karly is a strong advocate for diversity in the fashion world. She expressed her thoughts to Allure, “Fashion should look like a mirror of society. It's interesting to see other types of models because we're all different.”
Good morning with this amazing drawing by the talented @kabue_ 😉(thank U😊)👊👊 A post shared by Karly Loyce (@karlyloyce) on Oct 1, 2016 at 1:50am PDT
Karly hopes to bring more diversity as she stands out in certain ways. Not only is her career on fire, she also in school studying Biology in France. The Biology major was one of the few models to rock the runway a few years ago by sporting an afro on the runway. Since that time, there has been a significant inclusion of black models who rock natural hair on the runway.
Check out more of what Karly is doing on her Instagram page. We're excited about the Martinique beauty!
DON'T MISS:
#MODELMONDAY: Janaye Furman Brings Drama To The Runway
#MODELMONDAY: Plus Size Model Precious Lee Battled To Keep Her Real Name In Modeling
Supermodel Iman Returns To Modeling With New Gloria Vanderbilt Ads
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* tmsnrt.rs/2ofRZuR
By Andy Home
LONDON, March 31 Japanese aluminium buyers will pay a premium for their second-quarter metal deliveries of $128 per tonne over the London Metal Exchange (LME) cash price.
This represents a sharp jump from the $95 negotiated for first-quarter shipments. It is also the highest premium since the second quarter of 2015, when the aluminium premium bubble was rapidly deflating.
Meanwhile LME stocks of aluminium sank below the 2 million-tonne level earlier this month and at a current 1,886,400 tonnes are at their lowest since December 2008. Excluding the metal that is awaiting load-out, the on-warrant total of 1,003,275 tonnes is the lowest since May 2008.
The LME outright price is trading just shy of the $2,000 per tonne level for the first time since early 2015.
It's a combination that in most commodity markets would indicate a tightening in availability.
But this is aluminium, a market where nothing is ever quite as it seems.
China, after all, is still lifting production and everyone knows that there are huge off-market stocks.
So just how tight is the aluminium market?
Graphic on Japan's quarterly premiums:
tmsnrt.rs/2ofRZuR
PHYSICAL PREMIUMS UP
Japan's quarterly premiums, which act as a benchmark across much of the Asian region, are in part a reflection of local market conditions.
It's worth noting that regional supply has taken two hits recently.
The Portland smelter in Australia was knocked out by a power cut last December and is expected to take six months to fully recover. The Boyne smelter, also in Australia, is cutting output by around 14 percent due to rising power prices.
But local premiums are also reacting to what is happening on the other side of the world.
The U.S. Midwest premium is currently trading at just below 10 cents per lb ($220 per tonne) on the CME exchange, having bottomed out at around 6 cents per lb in the third quarter of last year.
Multiple domestic smelter closures over the last few years have left a widening supply gap in the U.S. market and imports are rising.
Imports of unwrought aluminium surged by 25 percent last year to 4.26 million tonnes.
Canada remains the country's biggest supplier but imports from Russia more than doubled to 722,000 tonnes and those from the United Arab Emirates surged by 87 percent to 547,000 tonnes.
A rising Midwest premium is rooted in the fact that the U.S. market is having to work harder to pull in more metal from further afield.
So far so good.
But do these fundamental drivers explain the scale of the current outflows from the LME storage system?
PUSH AND PULL
Probably not.
After several years of reform the LME warehouse system has been re-designed to prevent the sort of structural load-out queues that distorted the aluminium premium market over the 2012-2015 period.
This entails both metal leaving more efficiently than in the past and warehouse operators becoming wary of how much they take in lest they fall foul of the penalties stipulated for not loading out fast enough.
Throw in sporadic tightness across the nearby time-spreads and mass cancellations, almost 400,000 tonnes in February alone, and the push of metal out of the system is probably stronger than the pull of any physical market tightness.
At the end of February, for example, the residual load-out queue for aluminium at the Dutch port of Vlissingen (162 days) was complemented by "flash" load-out queues at both South Korea's Busan (136 days) and Malaysia's Port Klang (57 days).
Operators at all three locations (Access in Vlissingen and P Global Services at the other two) are incentivised to move metal out just as fast as they can, which helps explain why LME aluminium stocks have been falling at an average rate of almost 14,000 tonnes per day this month.
Annualised, that outflow is equivalent to around 5 million tonnes and no-one is forecasting anything like that sort of supply shortfall in the global aluminium market.
The inference is that much of this metal is simply moving to cheaper off-market storage, where it sits in the statistical shadowland.
DEFICIT MARKET?
That's not to say that the aluminium market isn't shifting towards a state of supply deficit, just to note that LME stocks are a poor way of quantifying any shortfall.
Commodity consultants CRU, for example, estimate that the supply deficit outside of China increased from 194,000 tonnes in 2015 to 821,000 tonnes last year. They are expecting it to balloon further to almost 1.3 million tonnes this year.
China's structural tendency towards supply surplus in part offsets this supply-demand gap everywhere else, although not last year, according to CRU, which posits a small deficit in China as well.
China's exports of aluminium in the form of semi-fabricated products are the world's balancing mechanism but one that is increasingly prone to disruption from trade disputes.
Nor has the country exported sufficient material to prevent the need for inventory drawdown elsewhere, although there is much devil in the detail of how much it has exported and, critically, in what form.
CRU calculates total global stocks, including what we can see on the world's exchanges and what we can't see in off-market inventory, will fall from 84 days worth of consumption in 2015 to 71 this year with a slightly faster attrition rate in the world outside China.
That's still a high level of inventory. And the problem is that those stocks are getting increasingly difficult to see as metal is hoarded in off-market storage away from the statistical light.
It is also problematic that at a time of rising outright price and rising premiums whoever is holding those stocks has no incentive to release them in any market-affecting way.
So is the aluminium market tightening? The answer is almost certainly yes, but not nearly as much as it might appear.
And that disconnect between appearance and reality is probably going to become more acute over time. (Editing by Greg Mahlich)
(Adds details, background)
RABAT, March 30 Moroccan lender BMCE Bank of Africa said on Thursday its 2016 net profit rose 4 percent to a record 2 billion dirhams ($204 million) thanks to rising margins and commission income.
Consolidated net income rose 10 percent to 12.99 billion dirhams last year, the bank said in a statement published by L'Economiste newspaper.
Income from interest and commissions made up 87 percent of the bank's income, BMCE said, while costs to cover risks rose 12 percent to 1.6 billion dirhams. It did not give details.
BMCE, like other big lenders in Morocco, has faced higher risks in sub-Saharan Africa where it has been expanding aggressively, as well as bad loans in its home market after years of economic turmoil following the financial crisis and Arab spring.
Total bad loans rose to 8.8 billion dirhams from 7.3 billion dirhams at the end of 2015, data from the bank showed.
BMCE's return on equity (ROE) was 12.6 percent in 2016, down from 13 percent in 2015. Total assets jumped 9.5 percent to 305.92 billion dirhams, the bank said.
Sub-Saharan subsidiaries Bank of Africa, La Congolaise de Banque and Banque de Developpement du Mali contributed 32 percent to BMCE's profit, the bank said.
Last month, Moody's changed BMCE's outlook to stable from negative.
Along with other Moroccan banks, BMCE is preparing to launch an Islamic subsidiary after the authorities gave the go-ahead to establish Islamic banks and issue sukuk, or Islamic bonds.
BMCE Bank has picked Bahrain-based Al Baraka Banking Group as its Islamic banking partner.⁠⁠⁠⁠ (Reporting by Samia Errazzouki, editing by David Evans and Susan Fenton)
The stock market climbed back to the 8,300 level on Friday, mimicking gains abroad but falling short of hitting a new record high.
Advertisements
The bellwether Philippine Stock Exchange index (PSEi) gained 0.20 percent or 16.87 points to close at 8,310.88. The wider All Shares rose 0.10 percent or 4.79 points to finish at 4,889.44.
“Philippine markets returned to the green as US stocks notched new highs,” Regina Capital Development Corp. said in a note.
“This was coupled with prospects for solid growth … while US Federal Reserve officials continued to suggest that another rate hike in December is forthcoming,” it added.
US markets posted record closes anew on Thursday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average climbing 0.50 percent, the S&P 500 up 0.78 percent, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq composite gaining 0.56 percent.
Asian markets rallied on the news, with both the Nikkei and Hong Kong adding 0.3 percent.
Back in Manila, only the holding firms, and mining and oil sub-indices gained during the day.
Over 1.2 billion issues valued at P7.36 billion changed hands.
Winners narrowly led losers, 99 to 96, with 49 issues unchanged.
The PSEi hit a fresh all-time high of 8,312.93 on Tuesday following positive news from Wall Street, but took a breather the following day to retreat back into 8,200 territory.
April 5 Uranium Energy Corp-
* Uranium Energy Corp says receives aquifer exemption approval for its burke hollow isr project in south texas Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS May 2 Monaco have scored plenty of goals this season and boast one of European soccer's most exciting newcomers in striker Kylian Mbappe but that might not be enough to break down the defensive wall of Juventus in the Champions League semi-finals.
Mbappe, 18, has scored 18 goals in his last 18 competitive games, including three in the 6-3 aggregate win over Borussia Dortmund in the last eight.
The pacy forward provides a symbol for the rise of a fine counter-attacking team featuring other dangerous players such as Colombian marksman Radamel Falcao.
It takes more than that, however, to impress Juventus, the tightest defence in Europe's top club competition with just two goals conceded in this campaign.
"Even Barcelona could not score in two games against them so it will be complicated for us", Monaco's Poland defender Kamil Glik said ahead of Wednesday first leg in the principality.
The Italian champions, who advanced to the last four with an aggregate 3-0 win over Barça, were held to a 2-2 draw at Atalanta in a rare defensive mix-up in Serie A on Friday.
Their pedigree and record for being impregnable when it matters, however, suggest Juventus should be regarded as the favourites.
"Monaco have technical and tactical qualities as well as talented young players," Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri said.
"They do not have the same history as Juventus but that does not mean it will be easy for us to make it to the final", he added.
While Allegri can rely on a fully-fit squad, his Monaco counterpart Leonardo Jardim, criticised for fielding a B-team in a 5-0 French Cup semi-final thrashing by Paris St Germain last week, has a defensive worry with midfield dynamo Tiemoue Bakayoko doubtful due to a broken nose.
Monaco have shone in Europe and at home this season and their domestic title hopes received a welcome boost when a nervous PSG side lost 3-1 at Nice on Sunday, leaving the club from the French Riviera three points clear at the top with a game in hand.
Juventus, meanwhile, are closing in on a record sixth straight Serie A title and can turn to their European history for inspiration, having won the showcase club competition twice, in 1985 and 1996.
Monaco, by contrast, reached the Champions League final only once, in 2004, losing 3-0 to a Porto side coached by Jose Mourinho after a great run featuring wins over Real Madrid and Chelsea.
The sides have faced each other twice before on the Champions League stage with Juventus winning both ties, in the 1998 semi-finals and the 2015 quarters.
Juventus have never been eliminated by a French team in 11 previous meetings in European club competitions.
(Reporting by Patrick Vignal, Editing by Ed Osmond)
iStock/Thinkstock(ST. LOUIS) — A Missouri couple is healing parents from heartbreak while honoring their own newborn who they lost more than two years ago.
Wayne and Lauren Turley of St. Louis, Missouri, launched “Catherine Cares” after their daughter Catherine died one hour after birth.
Now, they're sending heartbeat bears to families of children who receive a devastating prenatal diagnosis.
“The hope is that these babies survive, of course,” Lauren Turley, a resident of St. Louis told ABC News Tuesday. “The one thing we have in common is that heartache. We want people to understand that we're here. We just want people to know they're not alone. There's hope. Regardless of the outcome of the diagnosis, you will be able to smile again.”
After her 20 week ultrasound, the Turleys' unborn daughter was diagnosed with Trisomy 18 — a condition that causes severe health complications due to an extra chromosome 18.
“We made the diagnosis through amniocentesis — a procedure that is performed during pregnancy that involves taking a sample of the amniotic fluid and performing genetic analysis,” Laura Vricella, the Turleys' obstetrician at St. Louis University Hospital and St. Mary's Health Center, told ABC News. “The Turleys are a very special couple. I felt privileged to be able to take care of Lauren during this difficult time. They really turned their loss of Catherine into a continuous gift to other families who go through difficult times during pregnancies. They've helped many other families whom I've cared for.”
On Dec. 30, 2014, baby Catherine was born 2 pounds, 5 ounces. She had heart and brain deformities and only lived for one hour, her father Wayne Turley told ABC News.
“While Lauren was pregnant with Catherine, after the initial diagnosis and confirmation of Trisomy 18, we got our arms around what lied ahead of us and we were sick of being sad, planning her funeral. We started thinking about what others had done for us and how it helped. We came up with the concept of ‘Catherine Cares.'”
Through “Catherine Cares,” Lauren and Wayne hold fundraising events to go towards heartbeat bears from Build-a-Bear. Each one includes a device so parents can record their child's heartbeat while in the womb.
“With our [older] daughter Madeline, we did the same thing, we recorded heartbeat in utero and put it inside a Build-A-Bear,” Wayne said. “Once we got the diagnosis of Catherine, the idea of having that bear and having her heartbeat took on a whole different meaning.”
On Feb. 9, for their first deliveries, the Turleys distributed 24 bears and 50 recorders to both St. Louis Children's Hospital and Cardinal Glennon Children's Hospital in St. Louis. “Catherine Cares” is also partnered with Mercy Hospital, Missouri Baptist Hospital and works with local grade schools including St. Peter's Catholic School in Kirkwood, and William Holiday Elementary School in Fairview Heights.
“The heartbeat of child lost, sometimes even before birth, is a reminder for loved ones that the child existed, that they were loved and will forever be remembered,” said Dr. Barb Warner, MD, NICU neonatologist at St. Louis Children's Hospital. “While there is no replacement, these bears provide a memory, which the families are eternally grateful to have.”
The Turleys currently have 2,400 bears to give as well as restaurant and fuel gift cards to support families getting to and from doctor's appointments.
The couple hopes to expand Catherine's story and the “Catherine Cares” initiative throughout the Midwest.
“If Catherine can't be here with us, it's unfortunate. But she's doing a lot of good things,” Wayne Turley said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
By Robyn Collins
To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Levi's trucker jacket, the brand asked pop superstar Justin Timberlake to help give the staple a redesign. He shared a couple of photos of the new piece via Instagram.
Related: Justin Timberlake Models 1950s Swimsuit in ‘Wonder Wheel' Trailer
Timberlake posted, “For the 50th bday of the trucker jacket, @Levis asked me to redesign one. I did and ever since, it's been my favorite drinking buddy. 🍻👌🏻 #Denim #Flannel #LiveInLevis.”
The jacket features a Hank Williams patch that says, “Why don't you mind your own business.”
Timberlake has some experience as a clothing designer, having launched the William Rast brand with Trace Ayala in 2005.
Check out the Timberlake-redesigned Levis trucker jacket below:
The day before Anzac Day a group of passionate purple poppy knitters stitch up a purple storm.
As opposed to its red counterpart, the purple poppy remembers the animals that didn't return from World War I.
And every year just outside of Bulls in the Rangitikei, a service is held for a war horse called Bess who was only one of four animals to return.
Helen Cooper has lived in Bulls for over 30 years and is the force behind each stitch. She and her loyal knitting team have made over 1500 purple poppies this year.
Advertisement
"[Bess] is well known worldwide and I believe there's people coming from as far as Taupō and Wairarapa," Cooper said.
Cooper even gets random members of the community dropping in with poppies of their own.
"People hear about it and the next thing we know they have them on the counter here and say here you go. The only thing is the wool runs out."
Helen and the team traditionally knitted red poppies but the colour change this year just seemed right.
"A lot of us attend the usual morning ceremony and then we go down to the Bess ceremony service, and that's something special following those horses up to the memorial. It gives you a great feeling. It's wonderful."
Bess' memorial service starts in Bulls at 9am where people can buy their own purple poppies at the Bulls Museum, with all proceeds going back into the community.
(Reuters) - Grammy-winner Dennis Edwards, who performed lead vocals for some of the chart-topping Motown singles recorded by The Temptations in the 1960s and 1970s, has died at age 74, his manager said on Friday.
Edwards died at a hospital in Chicago on Thursday night or Friday morning of complications from an unspecified illness, his manager Toby Ludwig said by phone.
The singer, who lived outside St. Louis, would have celebrated his 75th birthday on Saturday.
The Alabama-born Edwards replaced David Ruffin as lead singer of The Temptations in 1968.
Edwards sang lead on some of the vocal group's most memorable hits, including “Papa Was a Rollin' Stone,” a 1972 release that earned Edwards and the group two Grammy Awards, and “I Can't Get Next To You,” which topped the pop charts in 1969.
Edwards left The Temptations around the time the group left Motown to sign with Atlantic Records in 1977. He rejoined and left multiple times in the 1980s, when the group enjoyed far less success on the pop charts than in the previous two decades.
Edwards was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 as a member of The Temptations.
Sabre Corp said on Tuesday there had been a breach in its hospitality unit's hotel reservation system and had hired FireEye Inc's Mandiant forensics division to probe the incident.
"The unauthorized access has been shut off and there is no evidence of continued unauthorized activity," Sabre said in a statement. (bit.ly/2px9d6R)
The company, which offers hotel and airline booking services, said it had informed law enforcement about the breach in its SynXis Central Reservations.
Sabre does not believe any other system was affected.
"32,000 properties use Sabre's reservation system, so the attackers were able to penetrate a single system and potentially access 32,000 additional targets," said Jeff Hill, Director of Product Management, Prevalent, which manages third-party risk.
Mandiant did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Hotel groups are increasingly coming under attacks from hackers, who seek to steal payment card data.
InterContinental Hotels Group Plc said last month 1,200 of its franchised hotels in the United States, including Holiday Inn and Crowne Plaza, were victims of a three-month cyberattack.
Hyatt Hotels Corp, Hilton, and Starwood Hotels, now owned by Marriott International Inc had also been victims of hacking attacks.
(Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru and Jim Finkle in Toronto; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
LONDON (AP) " Manchester United benefited from a controversial red card and an equally debatable goal to beat 10-man West Ham 2-0 in the English Premier League on Monday, earning a sixth successive victory.
Substitute Juan Mata gave United the lead before Zlatan Ibrahimovic secured victory from what clearly appeared to be an offside position, after referee Mike Dean had controversially dismissed Sofiane Feghouli in the opening stages.
Despite its numerical advantage, United struggled to break down the home side for long spells and required a number of saves from goalkeeper David de Gea to keep West Ham out.
"I think it was not a very good performance," United manager Jose Mourinho said. "I think it's very difficult to play football in these circumstances, 48 hours," after both teams' previous fixtures.
"Only when I brought fresh people on, Mata and (Marcus) Rashford, the team was different," Mourinho added. "We gave width with Rashford, we gave an extra body in the creative area with Mata."
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic said his club would appeal against the three-game ban Feghouli is facing after his challenge on Phil Jones.
"I was very surprised (at the red card), I wouldn't have been happy with a yellow. The more times I've seen it, it's the other way round, it was Jones who made a more dangerous tackle than Feghouli," Bilic said.
"We are gutted and frustrated, but I'm very proud of the team and I told them after the game that if we continue to work hard and play for each other, we don't have to worry, we're going to be very high on the table."
Feghouli, making his first Premier League start for West Ham, was sent off after just 15 minutes in what replays suggested was a harsh decision.
Manuel Lanzini brought two strong saves from De Gea before the break, while Michail Antonio was crucially denied by the Spanish goalkeeper when through one-on-one on the hour mark.
Continued below.
Related Content UEFA to review rules banning political protests by fans Athletic scores 2 late goals to beat Celta in Spanish league Mane scores in injury time, Liverpool beats Everton 1-0
West Ham was made to pay just three minutes later with Mourinho's alterations proving crucial as Rashford beat two defenders before setting up Mata to finish from close range.
United wrapped up the victory 12 minutes from time when Ibrahimovic reacted first as the ball bounced off Ander Herrera to fire low and hard past Darren Randolph from just inside the box, with replays showing the striker had been marginally offside.
United had struggled to create chances before the break, but did draw one of the saves of the season from West Ham keeper, Randolph, in the 35th, before Jesse Lingard produced an equally spectacular miss.
Antonio Valencia was set up at the back post after good work from Ibrahmovic and Henrikh Mkhitaryan, but was foiled by the sprawling Randolph, who prevented the ball from crossing his line by the narrowest of margins.
The rebound fell to Lingard with the goal at his mercy, but he could only direct his effort onto the post from two yards out, with West Ham somehow escaping as the ball bounced into Randolph's hands.
United remains sixth in the table, but has now moved within five points of second-place Liverpool, which was held to a 2-2 draw at Sunderland earlier on Monday.
West Ham dropped to 13th.
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Summaries for the Friendlies on Friday (start times are GMT) Friendlies 2 ................................................................. Azerbaijan cancelled Kosovo ................................................................. Azerbaijan cancelled Georgia ................................................................. Azerbaijan cancelled Kosovo ................................................................. Azerbaijan cancelled Georgia ................................................................. Saturday, February 3 fixtures (GMT) Korea Republic v Latvia (1430)
South Korea will need their talisman Son Heung-min to bring his sparkling English Premier League form to the World Cup if they are to survive a devilishly tricky group.
The Koreans crashed out in the first round of the 2014 tournament in Brazil and have their work cut out to avoid the same fate in Russia, where they have been drawn alongside holders Germany, Sweden and Mexico.
But they boast genuine star quality in snake-hipped Tottenham attacker Son, who lit up the Premier League this season, helping Spurs finish third and secure a UEFA Champions League place.
One of the best players to emerge from Asia, the 25-year-old scored 18 goals in all competitions in a brilliant campaign with the London club and once again carries the hopes of a nation heading into the World Cup.
South Korea made history with their astonishing run to the 2002 World Cup semi-finals but the current crop of players have struggled to hit those heights — or come anywhere close.
Son almost single-handedly led the Taeguk Warriors to the Asian Cup final in 2015, where they lost to host Australia, but his eye-catching performances earned him a move from German club Bayer Leverkusen to Spurs, where the mercurial forward has been a big hit with supporters.
Son will be desperate to deliver for his legions of fans in South Korea and has the weapons to pose a serious threat to Sweden in their World Cup opener on June 18.
The Koreans realistically also need to take points from Mexico with world champions Germany awaiting them in their final Group F fixture in Kazan.
Pelted with toffees by fans in a traditional Korean insult on their return from Brazil four years ago, they will need star man Son to be on song in Russia to avoid a repeat.
Cockpit equipment made by Rockwell Collins and used in a CH-47 Chinook helicopter is pictured at the ILA Berlin Air Show in Schoenefeld, south of Berlin, Germany, June 1, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch/File Photo
BRUSSELS U.S. aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins (COL.N) is set to gain unconditional EU approval for its $6.4 billion (5.13 billion pounds) bid for aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace BEAV.O, two people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
The deal will boost Rockwell Collins' exposure to a record pipeline of commercial aerospace equipment purchases and expand its relatively modest presence in lucrative aftermarkets.
The two U.S. companies have little product overlaps, with Rockwell active in avionics and flight control systems while B/E Aerospace is a major supplier of aircraft seats, galleys, lighting and lavatories.
The European Commission, which is scheduled to rule on the deal by April 12, declined to comment. Rockwell Collins and B/E Aerospace did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Securing EU approval without conditions will be a major step toward closing the deal, which Rockwell aims to do within the next few months.
Pricing pressures from Boeing (BA.N) and Airbus (AIR.PA) are seen as one factor which triggered the deal. The merged company has forecast cost savings of about $160 million due to greater buying power with suppliers and combined information technology systems.
The Rockwell deal has also renewed speculation of more tie-ups in the sector. French aero engine maker Safran (SAF.PA) launched a $9 billion takeover bid in January for seats maker Zodiac Aerospace (ZODC.PA) to create the world's third-largest aerospace supplier.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Susan Fenton)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Chief Executive Officer Eric Olsen of LafargeHolcim, the world's largest cement maker, addresses a news conference to present the company's 2016 results in Zurich, Switzerland March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH LafargeHolcim (LHN.S) is close to announcing that its chief executive Eric Olsen is to step down following an internal investigation into activities at a former Lafarge cement plant in Syria, a source familiar with the matter said on Sunday.
The source said there would be a change in leadership at the cement company following reports in the Financial Times and French newspaper Le Figaro that Olsen would be stepping down, citing sources.
LafargeHolcim declined to comment on the matter.
The cement maker in March said one of its cement plants probably paid protection money to armed groups in Syria to keep the factory running in the country.
The disclosure followed an internal investigation and highlighted the dilemmas companies face when working in conflict zones. LafargeHolcim is expected to announce the findings of its internal investigation shortly.
Olsen was formerly an executive at French industrial group Lafarge, which completed its merger with Swiss group Holcim in 2015.
LafargeHolcim has said the deteriorating political situation in Syria had posed "very difficult challenges for the security and operations of the plant and its employees."
The site was an important source of employment in the region and played a vital role in supplying Syria with essential building materials, the company said.
Sources told the Financial Times Olsen's departure terms were still under discussion on Sunday.
(Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi, Oliver Hirt and John Revill. Editing by Jane Merriman and Georgina Prodhan)
BIDI BIDI, Uganda (AP) " At this kindergarten on the edge of the world's largest refugee camp, there are no notebooks. When it's time to practice writing skills, children sit under a tree to doodle in the dirt while teachers use a blackboard.
"Maybe this term we will provide the books," said Kevin Afura, who teaches at the school for 500 children operated by the aid group Save the Children. "They write on the ground."
Schooling is the latest challenge in this overcrowded refugee settlement where basic facilities like toilets are in short supply. This school's only classroom is a tent in which dozens of kids swarm an overwhelmed teacher. She soon releases them to the playground, where they either swing and slide or simply go home.
One recent morning, parent Reida Yeno pointed dismissively and said the children like her 4-year-old son are falling behind in their studies: "They are just only playing."
Advertisement
The sprawling Bidi Bidi refugee settlement in northern Uganda is home to over 270,000 refugees from neighboring South Sudan's civil war, most of them women and children. There is an urgent need to keep the thousands of children in school despite funding shortages that have slowed the pace of humanitarian work, including a reduction in food rations for some refugees.
This month Uganda hosts a United Nations-backed summit at which it hopes to raise global awareness of the crisis. Ugandan authorities have said they need about $2 billion as thousands of South Sudanese continue to pour in.
In Bidi Bidi, the children often have to walk long distances to the nearest school in the roughly 230-square-kilometer (88.8-sq. mile) settlement. Absenteeism is high, and other students have dropped out.
At Ombechi Primary School, supported by Uganda's government, head teacher Olega Drangu said some children attend in tattered clothes. Pencils and notebooks are few. Temporary classrooms have been battered by heavy winds. Drangu's office is in a decaying classroom block that local government engineers recently condemned as uninhabitable.
Drangu said he hesitates to be as strict with refugee students as he might be toward locals. When a refugee child heads home at lunch break and doesn't return for afternoon classes, he said, it's probably because there was no food at home.
Nearly half of Ombechi Primary School's 1,470 students are refugees from South Sudan, where tens of thousands have died in often ethnically targeted violence since December 2013. Hundreds of thousands of people have poured into Uganda in the past year, creating what has been called the world's fastest-growing refugee crisis.
One of the South Sudanese students is 17-year-old Lilian Mercy, who will sit her final examinations later this year. Yet she despairs over the lack of notebooks, which makes her return to old ones to find empty spaces in which she can scribble notes.
"They brought for us these 96-page books but it's not enough for us," she said, referring to Windle Trust International, an aid group that is implementing education programs with the support of the U.N. refugee agency. "Even now they are getting finished."
Julius Ochen, the education settlement manager for Windle Trust International in Uganda, said that so far 82 temporary schools have been set up in Bidi Bidi. But the unending refugee influx means classroom congestion is a common problem, with a teacher-student ratio of 1 to 200 in certain schools.
"We need quite a lot. We need permanent buildings, and the sanitation is not good," he said.
Despite the challenges, some teachers report quick improvement in students who once couldn't communicate in English.
"After one month they are better," said Afura, the kindergarten teacher. "Now if you ask them, 'How are you?' they will know."
The young refugees also know how to reply, though the word is insufficient for their bewildering new lives: "Fine."
March 29 Fullerton Technology Co Ltd:
* Says the co will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$1.82 per share to shareholders for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/mA0KAK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's police minister promised on Thursday to find a new head for the force's "Hawks" investigative team and address its reputation as "a unit with low morals", seeking to draw a line under months of legal and political wrangling.
Fikile Mbalula named a new interim chief and said a full-time replacement would be found by the end of the year, a day after calling off his ministry's legal fight to keep the Hawks' last leader in office.
The tussle over the Hawks' leadership has become an emblematic case in what activists say is a broader fight against widespread mismanagement. The government has defended the Hawks, saying it is a vital force in tackling corruption.
Two pro-democracy groups launched a lawsuit in 2016, calling for the removal of the powerful force's last appointed leader, Berning Ntlemeza, saying he was unfit for office.
Rights and opposition activists say the government has used the Hawks to discredit people, including former finance minister Pravin Gordhan, who fall out of favour with President Jacob Zuma and his inner circle.
The government led by the African National Congress (ANC) has regularly dismissed the allegations. But Mbalula acknowledged the force's reputation had been damaged.
"Society perceive Hawks as a unit with low morals and that is one aspect that must be corrected going forward," he told a press conference.
The Hawks would continue to fight crime and corruption and "spare no one irrespective of their status in society," added the minister, who only got the job late last month in a contentious reshuffle that also saw Gordhan ousted and replaced.
He named Lieutenant General Yolisa Matakata as the Hawks' new interim leader.
Her predecessor Ntlemeza was appointed Hawks chief in 2015, but two local non-governmental organisations, Freedom Under Law and the Helen Suzman Foundation, applied to the High Court to have him removed on the grounds that he was unfit for the office.
The court ruled in March that the appointment was unlawful and must be revoked.
Mbalula on Wednesday withdrew an appeal lodged by the former minister of police to fight the court order to remove Ntlemeza.
The High Court on Wednesday dismissed Ntlemeza's request to be granted the right to appeal against the ruling.
The Hawks - full name the Directorate of Priority Crime Investigation - played a role in a graft case against then-finance minister Gordhan that was withdrawn last year.
(Reporting by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by James Macharia and Andrew Heavens)
MOSCOW, April 20 Russian food retailer Lenta on Thursday trimmed its store opening capex guidance, citing the need to have cash in hand for possible acquisitions.
* The company has reviewed its 2018 new store opening programme and has decided to shift some pre-investments in 2018 stores from H2 2017 into H1 2018.
* As a result, 2017 capex guidance has been reduced to 30-35 billion roubles ($534-623 million) from 40 billion roubles.
* The total number of new stores planned for 2018 is not affected, but the proportion opened in H2 2018 will be higher than previously planned.
* Shifting capex from H2 2017 to H1 2018 will reduce leverage, providing more financial flexibility if small acquisition opportunities appear later this year or next year.
* "There is a continuous offer of small chains, small individual stores or small hypermarket businesses," Jan Dunning, Lenta chief executive officer, told a conference call with analysts.
* The company saw total sales grow 17.2 percent year on year in Q1 2017 to 77.9 billion roubles.
* Like-for-like sales decreased 1.7 percent year on year with LFL traffic down 2.0 percent and LFL ticket up 0.3 percent.
* Sales growth came under pressure from falling inflation, one day less in February than last year, higher competition between its own stores due to rapid expansion in cities with existing Lenta presence.
* "We hope to see some improvement in the environment later in the year and are putting sales initiatives in place to capitalize on this to deliver a pick-up in sales growth," Dunning said. ($1 = 56.2150 roubles) (Reporting by Maria Kiselyova; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle)
BENGHAZI Libya May 2 Libyan commander Khalifa Haftar met the head of the country's U.N.-backed government Fayez Seraj in the United Arab Emirates on Tuesday, reversing his previous refusal to engage with the Tripoli government despite months of diplomatic pressure.
Regional and Western powers have been pushing the two to discuss resetting a U.N.-mediated agreement that led to the creation of Seraj's Government of National Accord (GNA). The deal was an attempt to end Libya's turmoil since the uprising that toppled Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.
Hamad Bindaq, a member of Libya's eastern parliament travelling with Haftar, said Haftar and Seraj were due to hold talks in Abu Dhabi after being pictured on social media together for the first time since early 2016.
Haftar is the dominant figure for factions in eastern Libya that have rejected the GNA, contributing to its failure to expand its power in Tripoli and beyond. Key rival armed factions in the west of the country have backed the GNA. (Reporting by Ayman al-Warfalli in Benghazi, Libya; Writing by Aidan Lewis; editing by Patrick Markey)
BANGKOK/BHUBANESWAR, India, April 12 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - O n a hot, humid afternoon on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar in eastern India, construction worker Sabitri Mahanand frets about increasingly "dangerous" summers. Carrying over a dozen bricks on her head, she fears getting sunstroke while at work, but home offers no respite either.
"When the day's work is over, I'm so exhausted that I often don't want to cook food but I have no choice," said Mahanand, 35, wiping the sweat from her face with a cloth wrapped around her waist. "I have to feed myself, my husband and my son."
The ancient city of Bhubaneswar is the capital of Odisha state - one of the few parts of South Asia that has a heat emergency plan.
Odisha's government departments have been asked to put in place measures in anticipation of heat waves this summer.
The world has already experienced three record-breaking hot years in a row, and the rising global temperature could have profound effects for health, work and staple food supplies for hundreds of millions of people, climate scientists told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
The poor in urban slums in developing nations are particularly at risk, they said, while solutions to cool homes and bodies that do not hike climate-changing emissions remain elusive.
Even if the world is able to limit global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels - a goal set by governments in Paris in 2015 - by 2050, around 350 million people in megacities such as Lagos in Nigeria and Shanghai in China could still be exposed to deadly heat each year, according to a recent study by British researchers.
Estimates from the Institute for Social and Environmental Transition-International (ISET-International) and the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), both based in Colorado, are even higher. By mid-century, some 300 million Indians and Bangladeshis in the lower Ganges Valley alone will lack sufficient power to run electric fans or air conditioning to combat rising temperatures, they predict.
Fawad Khan, senior economist with ISET-International - which has conducted studies on heat stress, when the body absorbs more heat than is tolerable - describes heat as a "silent killer" and the world's "biggest impending climate-related hazard".
"First, your quality of life is going to deteriorate. You don't feel well, your children don't perform well at school, your physical and mental ability is affected," he said.
"The husbands work all day and come back tired and cannot sleep, children cry because it's too hot, and women say they have more domestic quarrels. These things take a huge toll, and they're immeasurable," he said.
HEAT INDEX
Contrary to popular perception, temperature alone is not the best indicator of heat stress, and the heat index - a measure that combines temperature and humidity - is more useful, scientists said.
Humidity should be taken into account because it limits the body's ability to cool via sweating, said Tom Matthews, a climatologist at Liverpool John Moores University in England who contributed to the UK research paper.
A 2014 study conducted by ISET-Pakistan looked at two of the largest hospitals in two Pakistani cities, and found heat stroke was occurring not in the hottest month but when the heat index was highest.
Heat stroke occurs when the body overheats and can be life-threatening.
Extreme heat can also lead to heat exhaustion and severe dehydration, and can aggravate cardiac conditions, kidney disorders and psychiatric illness, said Poonam Khetrapal Singh, Southeast Asia director at the World Health Organization.
Most warnings about heat stress focus on peak temperatures during the day, but rising night-time temperatures are adding to the indirect effects, said NCAR scientist Caspar Ammann.
A report by Australia's Climate Council estimated that in 2015, nearly 3,500 people died in India and Pakistan from heat waves - defined as three exceptionally hot days in a row.
Recent fatal heat waves were a result of a 0.8 degree Celsius rise in temperatures from pre-industrial levels, the UK study said. Heat waves caused by a further increase of 0.7 degrees - if the world sticks to its 1.5 degree Celsius limit - could be even more severe, it warned.
Vimal Mishra, assistant professor at the Indian Institute of Technology in Gandhinagar, said heat stress and heat waves could lead to loss of productivity and earnings, livestock deaths, higher food prices and water shortages.
Raising awareness among the general population and setting up region-wide warning systems will be key, he said.
"We are not acting as fast as we are seeing - every year we see a new anomaly," added Mishra, whose 2015 research found a significant increase in the number of heat waves between 1973 and 2012, while the frequency of cold waves declined.
RECYCLED ROOFS
Scientists say the threat is especially high for the urban poor who live in houses with concrete or tin roofs that absorb heat, and there are few low-energy technologies to counter this.
Roofs made of concrete, the most common material in Pakistan, elevate night-time temperatures indoors by approximately 3 degrees Celsius, ISET-Pakistan found.
In South and Southeast Asia, the heat comes before and with the monsoon, NCAR's Ammann said. The moisture in the air boosts humidity, which shade can combat only so far.
"High humidity limits the radiative cooling at night," he said.
Solutions used in other parts of the world, such as basements dug into the cooler ground, tend to flood in Asia unless they have concrete foundations, which many cannot afford, Ammann added.
One inexpensive measure is to paint roofs white so they reflect the sun more effectively, suggested P.K. Mohapatra, special relief commissioner for Odisha.
Meanwhile, a new modular roofing system made with recycled agricultural and packaging waste, called ModRoof, may offer an option for cooling homes without using electricity.
Produced by ReMaterials, a company based in Gujarat, India, the roofs can lower the temperature inside by 6 to 10 degrees Celsius compared with metal and cement roofing, founder Hasit Ganatra told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
So far 75 roofs have been installed in Ahmedabad's slums, but they aren't cheap, with an average cost of $772 per family.
Ganatra said the company's all-women sales team is working with micro-finance firms to make the product more affordable for the poor. (Reporting by Thin Lei Win; additional reporting by Jatindra Dash in Bhubaneswar; editing by Megan Rowling; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, corruption and climate change. Visit www.trust.org)
Trey Songz turned himself in this morning (March 19) to Los Angeles authorities to face a felony domestic violence charge. The R&B crooner maintains that he is innocent.
Reports TMZ:
The singer turned himself in, with his attorney Shawn Holley, for the alleged incident involving a woman he was out with in L.A. last month during NBA All-Star weekend. He was booked at 6 AM, and released shortly after 8 AM. He posted a $50,000 bond.
Songz is accused of hitting Andrea Buera at a Hollywood Hills party. She claims he was upset because she was talking to another man.
Right around the time he surrendered, Songz tweeted, “I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain.”
Peep Songz' Twitter message(s) below. Let's get both sides of the story, ASAP, shall we?
For weeks my lawyers & Mgmt have asked me not to comment on this and I initially agreed but this morning I feel that my fam, the women that raised me, my friends & fans especially the youth need to hear from me. I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain — Trey Songz (@TreySongz) March 19, 2018
I won't be speaking too much more on this but would like to thank you for all the prayers and support. 🙏🏾❤️💪🏾 — Trey Songz (@TreySongz) March 19, 2018
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
April 6 Stock futures pointed to a higher opening for Canada's main stock index on Thursday as oil prices recovered from losses triggered by record high U.S. crude inventories.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were up 0.22 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
Statistics Canada is scheduled to release building permits data for February at 8:30 a.m. ET.
Canada's main stock index edged lower on Wednesday, retreating from a nearly six-week high as financial shares declined and the energy sector gave up an earlier advance, although overall losses were tempered by gains in consumer-related stocks.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were up 0.1 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were up 0.09 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were up 0.09 percent.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
Royal Bank of Canada, JPMorgan and Bank of Montreal took the top three positions advising on Canadian equity issues in the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters data released on Thursday.
Canadian media company Corus Entertainment Inc reported an 86 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by higher income from its television business.
China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd will pay $960 million for a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero gold mine in Argentina, the Canadian miner said in a press release.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Cascades Inc: National Bank Financial raises target price to C$16 from C$13.50
Hudson's Bay Co: CIBC raises price target to C$14 from C$12.50
Intact Financial: KBW starts coverage with "market perform" rating; C$101 price target
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1252.9; +0.6 percent
US crude: $51.5; +0.68 percent
Brent crude: $54.81; +0.83 percent
LME 3-month copper: $5911; +0.27 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON THURSDAY
08:30 Initial jobless claims: Expected 250,000; Prior 258,000
08:30 Jobless claims 4-week average: Prior 254,250
08:30 Continued jobless claims: Expected 2.040 mln; Prior 2.052 mln
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.34) (Reporting by Nikhil Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
AMMAN Jets believed to be Russian hit an outpost run by moderate rebel forces in northwestern Syria near a major border crossing with Turkey, killing at least one fighter and wounding several people, two rebel sources said on Sunday.
They said several raids overnight hit Babeska, a village in Idlib province that has become a haven for several moderate Free Syrian Army (FSA) groups, mainly Jaish al Islam, a major insurgent group that controls the last major rebel stronghold on the doorstep of the Syrian capital.
Jaish al Islam is a signatory to a fragile ceasefire brokered by Russia and Turkey at the end of last year. Rebels say Russia has failed to put pressure on the Syrian government to ensure the ceasefire holds.
The Syrian government considers Jaish al Islam a terrorist group and blames it alongside other insurgents for waging recent attacks on the government-held areas in the capital.
The village also houses hundreds of families and fighters from the Damascus suburb of Daraya which was evacuated by rebels and surrendered to government control last year.
War jets also believed to be Russian also struck Urum al Kubra town in rebel-held western Aleppo countryside where five civilians were killed, in an area that witnessed fighting between rebels and the Syrian army, rebels said.
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Editing by Mark Potter)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
People protest against Prime Minister Viktor Orban's efforts to force a George Soros-founded university out of the country in Budapest, Hungary, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
People attend a demonstration against Prime Minister Viktor Orban's efforts to force a George Soros-founded university out of the country in Budapest, Hungary, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
People attend a demonstration against Prime Minister Viktor Orban's efforts to force a George Soros-founded university out of the country in Budapest, Hungary, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Students shout slogans during a demonstration against Prime Minister Viktor Orban's efforts to force a George Soros-founded university out of the country in Budapest, Hungary, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
Students shout slogans during a demonstration against Prime Minister Viktor Orban's efforts to force a George Soros-founded university out of the country in Budapest, Hungary, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
People protest against Prime Minister Orban's efforts to force a George Soros-founded university out of the country in Budapest, Hungary, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
BUDAPEST Thousands of Hungarian and foreign students, professors and civilians rallied in Budapest on Sunday demanding the government withdraw legislation that could force a university founded by financier George Soros out of the country.
The demonstrators, who walked from Budapest's Corvinus University to the Central European University (CEU) founded by Soros in 1991 and then to parliament, said the bill was an attack on freedom of education.
Parliament is due to discuss the bill this coming week.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban, an outspoken critic of liberal civil organizations funded by Soros, said on Friday that the CEU had violated regulations in awarding its diplomas, an allegation that the college had firmly rejected as false. The CEU said it operated lawfully and was accredited to award Hungarian and U.S. degrees.
A year before 2018 elections, Orban has raised the stakes in his fight against civil organizations funded by U.S. financier and philanthropist Soros.
"We came as I believe (Orban's) Fidesz party is building an autocracy and we want to demonstrate in support of free education as if it is CEU now, it could be Corvinus next," said Milan Holper, 20, a student at Corvinus University.
"It is a joint attack against the autonomy of universities and free education," the organisers of the protest said in a statement.
Earlier this week, the government submitted a bill to parliament to regulate foreign universities setting several new requirements, which could force the CEU out of the country.
Under the bill, foreign universities must have a campus in Budapest and in their home country. CEU, which only operates in the capital, is the only international college with no arm elsewhere. CEU has said the bill threatened academic freedom.
Hungarian scholars and teaching organizations, as well as more than 500 leading international academics, including 17 Nobel Laureates have come out in support of CEU, saying it was one of the preeminent centres of thought in the country.
The U.S. State Department said in a statement on Friday that CEU was a "premier academic institution" that promoted academic excellence and critical thinking, and urged the government "to avoid taking any legislative action that would compromise CEU's operations or independence."
(Reporting by Krisztina Than)
SINGAPORE, April 28 Singapore's Urban Redevelopment Authority released detailed estimates for the change in private home prices in the first quarter of 2017: Quarter-on-quarter, percentage price change: Quarter Q1/2017 Q4/2016 Singapore -0.4 -0.5 private home prices CONTEXT: Rentals of private residential properties fell 0.9 percent in the first quarter, compared with a 1.0 percent decline in the previous quarter. (Reporting by Singapore bureau; Editing by Kim Coghill)
A pedestrian walks past the SNC-Lavalin Group Inc., headquarters in Montreal, May 7, 2009. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Canadian engineering and construction company SNC-Lavalin Group Inc (SNC.TO) on Thursday said it would buy British engineering and consultancy firm WS Atkins Plc (ATKW.L) for C$3.6 billion (2.08 billion pounds), firming up an indicative offer it made earlier this month.
SNC-Lavalin's offer of 2080 pence ($26.66) per share in cash is the same as the indicative offer Atkins disclosed on April 3. It represents a 35.1 percent premium to Atkin's closing price on March 31.
“This acquisition is fully aligned with our stated growth strategy of becoming a recognised E&C (engineering and construction) powerhouse,” Neil Bruce, chief executive of Montreal-based SNC, said on a conference call.
The combination creates a global company specializing in professional services and project management with C$12.1 billion in revenues and 53,000 employees.
Bruce said the deal would boost SNC's position in its nuclear, rail and transportation and infrastructure core businesses, while reducing its exposure to oil and gas.
Canadian pension fund Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec (CDPQ), SNC's biggest shareholder, will extend a loan of C$1.5 billion ($1.11 billion) to SNC and buy C$400 million ($297.00 million) of equity in the company to help finance the acquisition.
The loan will be secured by the value and cash flows of SNC-Lavalin's interest in the Highway 407 ETR project in Ontario, CDPQ said separately.
SNC said its funding will also include an C$800 million ($594.00 million) public bought-deal offering.
The deal is expected to generate about C$120 million in cost savings, including C$90 million ($66.83 million) from Atkins and C$30 million ($22.28 million) from SNC, through efforts such as eliminating corporate costs and consolidating offices, Bruce said.
RBC was SNC's financial adviser, while Norton Rose Fulbright provided legal counsel.
The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2017, SNC said.
($1 = 0.7802 pounds)
($1 = 1.3468 Canadian dollars)
(Reporting by Allison Lampert; Additional reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)
April 3 GWG Holdings Inc
* GWG Holdings Inc - begun offering $150 million in publicly registered non-traded shares of redeemable preferred stock
* GWG Holdings Inc - offering price is $1,000 per share with a minimum investment of $10,000
* GWG Holdings Inc - is offering up to $150 million of redeemable preferred stock in this offering Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CORRECTED-Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
Record levels of hate crime were reported by three-quarters of police forces in England and Wales in the aftermath of last year's EU referendum,
According to new figures, 220 incidents were reported to Devon and Cornwall Police between June and September 2016, that's a rise of 63%.
In a written statment, Devon and Cornwall Polcie say: "We are aware that since the outcome of European Union referendum that there has been an increase in the number of hate incidents and hate crimes at forces across the country, including Devon and Cornwall.
"We recognise that this behaviour may be unsettling to our diverse communities and they may feel particularly vulnerable. Our diverse communities' teams and neighbourhood teams are working hard to provide support and reassurance to all our communities.
"It is vital that we all work closely to promote the message that any instances of hate such as abuse, harassment or violence are completely unacceptable and will be dealt with robustly, with a zero tolerance approach."
A human rights organisation has said the country should prepare for the possibility of further spikes in offences once the Brexit process has begun.
33 out of 44 forces recorded the highest quarterly number of hate crimes since comparable records began in April 2012.
Provisional figures on hate crimes published by the Home Office in October 2016 suggested that offences in July 2016 were 41% higher than in July 2015.
ZURICH May 3 LafargeHolcim beat expectations for sales and core profit in the first quarter, it said on Wednesday, a bittersweet performance for the cement and building materials company as it begins a search for a new chief executive.
The world's largest cement maker is looking for a new CEO to replace Eric Olsen, who is quitting in July after the company acknowledged making payments to armed groups to keep its factory running in war-torn Syria.
LafargeHolcim posted adjusted operating profit before interest tax and amortization of 801 million Swiss francs ($808.11 million), beating forecasts of 783 million francs in a Reuters poll. ($1 = 0.9912 Swiss francs) (Reporting by John Revill)
A job seeker holds a ''We're Hiring'' card while talking to a representative from Target at a City of Boston Neighborhood Career Fair on May Day in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
U.S. companies hired workers at a slower but still-solid pace in April while the services sector grew more than expected, supporting the notion the economic expansion remains on track despite a weak first quarter, private reports released on Wednesday showed.
An improving labor market and faster activity in services industries last month also buttressed traders' expectations the Federal Reserve would raise interest rates further in the coming months.
"In short, more evidence that the underlying trend in growth is not suddenly slowing, as suggested by the GDP data. If anything, the trend appears to be up, not down," High Frequency Economics Chief U.S. Economist Jim O'Sullivan wrote in a research note.
Last week, the government said gross domestic product increased 0.7 percent in the first quarter, the weakest pace in three years.
Payrolls processor ADP said on Wednesday private employers added 177,000 jobs last month. It was the smallest gain since the 62,000 increase last October but slightly above the 175,000 median forecasts among economists polled by Reuters.
Private payroll gains for March were revised down to 255,000 from an originally reported 263,000 increase.
ADP, which jointly developed its employment report with Moody's Analytics, said private employers face increasing difficulty finding qualified workers in a tightening labor market.
The U.S. central bank's Federal Open Market Committee as expected left interest rates unchanged at the current range of 0.75-1.00 percent at its policy meeting, downplaying the sluggish first-quarter GDP as "transitory."
Traders expect the Fed's policy-setting group will likely hike rates by a quarter point at its next meeting on June 13-14 FFM7.
Financial markets largely brushed off Wednesday's data. U.S. stocks were lower, while the dollar was stronger and Treasury bond yields were mostly higher in mid-afternoon trading.
The ADP figures come ahead of the U.S. Labor Department's more comprehensive non-farm payrolls report at 8:30 a.m. (1230 GMT) on Friday.
Economists polled by Reuters expect U.S. private payroll employment likely grew by 185,000 jobs in April, up from 89,000 in March, while the jobless rate likely ticked up to 4.6 percent from the 4.5 percent in March.
DEMAND PICK-UP LIFTS SERVICES SECTOR
The Institute for Supply Management (ISM) said on Wednesday its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 57.5 in April from March's 55.2, which was above analysts' expectations of 55.8.
A reading above 50 indicates expansion in the services sector, which accounts for nearly 80 percent of the U.S. economy.
The business activity index rose to 62.4 from 58.9 the month before. That was above a median forecast of 58.4.
"Following a run with some softer indicators lately, the firming in the survey data is an encouraging sign for the economy," J.P. Morgan Economist Daniel Silver said.
The survey's new orders index climbed to 63.2, the strongest since August 2005, from 58.9 in March.
However, the employment index fell to 51.4, its lowest since August, from March's 51.6.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrea Ricci)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON, April 23 Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said on Sunday he believes lawmakers could reach a short-term U.S. budget deal by Friday if President Donald Trump did not meddle in their talks with "poison pill" demands like funding for a border wall.
"I am hopeful that we can get a budget done," Schumer said at a news conference. "The only fly in the ointment is that the president is being a little heavy-handed, and mixing in and asking for things such as the (border) wall."
"So we'd ask him to let us do our work, not throw in some last-minute poison pills that could undo it and we could get this done." (Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
April 3 Sorrento Therapeutics Inc
* Sorrento therapeutics anti-cea car-t demonstrates promising clinical activity and safety in phase IB clinical trial
* In addition, from a safety standpoint, HITM-SIR protocol was well tolerated
* There were no grade 4 or grade 5 events related to anti-cea car-t, sirt, or combination
* All colitis episodes resolved with il-2 dose reductions
* Sorrento - "anti-cea car-t hai may represent a safe & well tolerated component of novel multi-modality regimens capable of meaningful disease control." Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
President Trump signed an Executive Order on Immigration Friday, Jan. 27, which has stirred emotions on both sides of the political spectrum propelling protests in resistance of the order.
The order suspended the U.S. refugee admissions system for 120 days in its entirety, suspended the Syrian refugee program indefinitely. The order also banned entry of dual-nationals who are from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, prioritized refugee claims on the basis of religious persecution and lowered the total number of refugees to be accepted from any country in 2017 from 110,000 to 50,000 while also ordering a review of states' rights to accept or deny refugees.
“Our top priority has to be the safety and well-being of the campus community,” said Chancellor Steven Angle in his brief response to the student body and faculty. “We are committed to a diverse campus and to preparing students for success in a global economy,” showing students and faculty that OUR school is willing to support us in times of adversity and fear.
We, at the Echo, appreciate the support that OUR University is offering OUR students and faculty in times of political turmoil and terror in OUR country.
The country that we, as Americans, are supposed to feel is the best country in the world, feel proud to be a citizen of and above all else, feel safe. However, harming others in the process isn't making our country any safer.
According to NPR, President Trump's executive order does not include any countries from which radicalized Muslims have actually killed Americans in the U.S. since Sept. 11, 2001. Thus, the ban that is, in reality, supposed to make our country safer, is making our country less safe by destroying foreign relations, promptly placing our country into more threatening danger.
The ban is a hazard to the very foundations that OUR country was founded and built upon.
Inclusivity and the melting pot of cultures, races, people, thoughts, ideas, religions and beliefs are what OUR country has prided itself on since the founding of OUR nation.
Take a breath and ask yourself why you love this country so much, then with the next breath, align this executive order travel ban with that love for our country and check the correlation between the two.
COLOMBO, March 30 The Sri Lankan rupee ended steady on Thursday as importer dollar demand in late trades offset inward remittances and selling of the greenback by exporters, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards closing unchanged at 152.55/65 per dollar.
"Still we see importer demand. But the pressure on the rupee will ease with remittances and exporter dollar sales in the coming weeks ahead of the traditional new year in April," said a currency dealer who did not wish to be named.
Dealers said the rupee has been under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports ahead of the traditional new year that is celebrated on April 13-14.
The central bank on Monday raised the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.70. It had raised the reference rate by 25 cents on March 20.
On Friday, the central bank raised interest rates for the first time in eight months, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
Analysts said the rate hike, a move that was also aimed at easing pressure on the rupee, could help stabilise the domestic currency that has been hurt by rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors.
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 70 million rupees ($461,285) in the week ended March 22, but they have net sold 63.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year. ($1 = 151.7500 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
* India imposes tax after 4-mth gap -govt sources
* Some had expected tariff of as much as 25 pct
* Country is world's No.2 wheat producer
* Also brings in import tax on variety of pulse
NEW DELHI, March 28 India on Tuesday imposed a 10 percent import tax on wheat with immediate effect, government sources said, reinstating the tariff after a gap of nearly four months that saw large overseas purchases.
The government wants to curb imports when Indian farmers are starting to harvest their crops, said three sources directly involved in deciding on the issue. They declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak on the matter.
Earlier this month, government sources had said New Delhi could impose a 25 percent import tax on wheat.
India, the world's second-biggest wheat producer, lowered the import tax wheat to 10 percent from 25 percent last September and scrapped the duty on Dec. 8.
On Tuesday, the government also imposed a 10 percent tax on Tur, a variety of pulse, after a crash in local prices.
Waves of farmers have stepped up local production of pulses to help the government cut a hefty import bill.
The permission for duty-free imports had encouraged private traders to buy more than 5 million tonnes of wheat since mid-2016 to meet a supply shortfall left by two years of drought.
Most flour millers and biscuit makers imported wheat from France, Ukraine and Australia.
Both large imports and forecasts of a bumper crop prompted the government to impose the tax, the sources said.
The farm ministry last month forecast wheat output at 96.64 million tonnes in 2017, up from 92.29 million tonnes last year. (Reporting by Mayank Bhardwaj; Editing by Joseph Radford)
April 12 A group of Tesla Inc investors have urged the electric carmaker to add two new independent directors who do not have any ties with Chief Executive Elon Musk.
The investors also urged that all directors be re-elected annually.
California State Teachers Retirement System and Hermes Equity Ownership Services are among the five investment groups pressing for the changes. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
MIAMI BEACH, Fla. - The Miami Beach club shut down earlier this month after a horse was brought on to the dance floor has been given permission to reopen.
Owners of the Mokai nightclub plead their case in front of city officials at an appeal hearing Monday, asking to have their business license restored.
The license was revoked permanently on March 9, the day after video of the horse on the club's dance floor went viral. In the video, the horse appeared to be panicked and uncomfortable.
Despite the license being permanently revoked, Mokai was allowed to appeal the ruling.
Officials agreed to restore the license and the club will reopen Wednesday.
"We recognized that there are a multitude of implications surrounding the permanent closure of this business, including the notion that the business does provide employment for many individuals." said Miami Beach City Manager Jimmy L. Morales. "But we take very seriously what transpired in that club, and we wanted to structure an arrangement that would likely ensure that such improper conduct would never happen again at this business."
READ Mokai Lounge Agreed Order
Several Mokai employees also appeared at the hearing wearing "Save our Jobs" t-shirts.
During the hearing, attorneys for Mokai owners admitted to violations of threats to public health, welfare, or safety and cruelty to animals.
The club will no longer bring animals inside, while the owners will pay $12,150 in fines and make a $10,000 donation to a Peaceful Ridge Horse Rescue.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
FILE PHOTO: A customer scoops soybeans as she shops at a supermarket in Wuhan, Hubei province April 14, 2014. REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo
BEIJING A Chinese consumer backlash against genetically modified (GMO) crops is beginning to dent demand for soy oil, the nation's main cooking oil, and could spell crisis for the multi-billion-dollar crushing industry, which depends on GMO soybeans from the United States and elsewhere.
Soyoil sales account for about 36 percent of cooking oils used in Chinese kitchens, more than three times the next highest, and most of it is made from imported soybeans, which are nearly all genetically modified.
The Chinese government says GM foods are as safe as conventional foods, but wealthier urban consumers are replacing soyoil with sunflower, peanut or sesame, all free of biotech raw materials.
A Nielsen survey last year showed about 70 percent of consumers in China limited or avoided at least some foods or ingredients, compared with a global average of 64 percent, with 57 percent naming GMOs as undesirable.
"Everyone says soyoil has GMOs," said Mr Liu, a 70-year-old Beijinger, shopping with his wife in Walmart. "Better not eat too much. Apparently they're not safe. It's like those hormones. I'm just as afraid of eating GMOs as hormones."
That sentiment is already hurting retail sales. Supermarket sales of soy oil fell 1 percent last year to 35.7 billion yuan ($5.19 billion), data from Euromonitor shows, versus growth of between 2 and 6 percent for alternatives.
"Non-GMO oil is gradually replacing (soy oil)," said Johnny An, supply chain director at food-service firm Aramark, which serves meals in banks, government offices and schools in more than 60 Chinese cities.
A few years ago, 10-20 percent of Aramark's customers asked for GMO-free oil, he said. Now it's more than half.
The mood is causing headaches for crushers, said Paul Burke, Asia director at the U.S. Soybean Export Council, forcing them to find new markets for their soyoil, though it had not yet had a noticeable impact on bean imports, as demand for soymeal used for animal feed, the larger byproduct of soybean crush, is still robust as China expands its livestock industry.
PREMIUM PRODUCT
The Nielsen survey found that more than four in five Chinese shoppers would be prepared to pay more for GMO-free products, and a 5-litre bottle of GM-free soy oil already sells at a 20 percent premium to GMO oil, but that isn't translating into a boon for the nation's soybean crushers.
China is the world's top soyoil consumer - it will use 16 million tonnes this year - but the crushers rely on the United States and Brazil, which grow GM-soybeans, for 86 percent of China's 84 million tonnes of soybean imports.
In China, which does not permit planting of GMO soybeans, labor costs are high and productivity low on small farms, making non-GMO beans costly to grow. They sell for a third more than non-GMO beans planted elsewhere.
Processors such as China Agri Industries, a unit of food and grains trader COFCO and one of the country's top crushers, told Reuters it needs to improve its sourcing of non-GMO materials, to meet "escalating market demand".
In the meantime, processors are losing money as increased competition with other edible oils and a ballooning glut has pushed soyoil futures in China down 18 percent so far this year to multi-year lows.
Some crushers are taking radical steps to find more GMO-free beans.
Henan Sunshine Oils and Fats wants to buy as much as 15,000 hectares of land in Ukraine to grow and process crops such as non-GMO soybeans, rapeseed and sunflowers, said Yang Renyi, group vice-president and general manager of the international affairs department.
That would be a very large plot; in the United States, the largest farms average around 1,052 hectares.
Yang's team made two trips to Ukraine last year to look into the feasibility of producing, storing and processing oilseeds there.
"If we managed to get a large area of land to grow oilseeds, we possibly will spend at least 200-300 million yuan there," said Yang.
Non-GMO oils - mainly rapeseed and sesame - already account for a fifth of the firm's sales since it started marketing the new offering late last year, he added.
SHAKEN FAITH
The shift in attitude against GMOs in China has been fueled by social media and campaigning by high-profile personalities.
The agriculture ministry has sought to assuage consumers' fears, launching education campaigns and banning advertising that promotes non-GMO products as healthier.
But years of food scares have shaken consumers' faith in Beijing's ability to guarantee the safety of the nation's food supply.
Cooking oil is a particularly sensitive topic after a scandal over the use of recycled oil known as gutter oil, a few years ago, so shoppers are wary.
"Before everyone said soybean oil has GMOs, now the advertising is all about non-GMO soyoil. But we still don't buy it," said Maxine Li, a 28-year old bank worker, shopping at the same Walmart. "We think peanut oil is a bit healthier."
For a graphic on retail sales of edible oils in China, click: reut.rs/2q9CQwc
For a graphic on China edible oil production, consumption, imports and stocks, click: reut.rs/2oNTwW7
(Reporting by Dominique Patton. Additional reporting by Beijing Newsroom; editing by Josephine Mason and Will Waterman)
April 3 (Reuters) -
* Elliott Associates and affiliates reports combined economic exposure in Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc of about 8.6% - SEC filing
* Elliott Associates reported the 8.6 percent stake in Roadrunner Transportation Systems as of April 3 via a 13-D filing with the SEC
* Elliott Associates in March had reported a 7.5 percent stake in Roadrunner Transportation via a 13-G filing that indicated a passive stake in the co Source text: (bit.ly/2n4uW6s) Further company coverage:
April 9 Team by team analysis of Sunday's Chinese Formula One Grand Prix in Shanghai (listed in current championship order):
- - - -
MERCEDES (Lewis Hamilton 1, Valtteri Bottas 6)
Mercedes regained the championship lead from Ferrari by a single point. Hamilton's 54th career win and fifth in China was also his 106th podium appearance, putting him second in the all-time lists with Alain Prost. It was the third grand slam (pole, the fastest lap, win and leading every lap) of his career. Bottas started third but a slow pitstop and then a spin behind the safety car left him fighting back from 12th. The race was the 150th start for Mercedes
-
FERRARI (Sebastian Vettel 2, Kimi Raikkonen 5)
Vettel started second and was unfortunate to have pitted before the safety car was deployed. He had a good battle with Ricciardo, banging wheels as he passed the Australian. The German, who escaped sanction for lining up out of place on the grid, is tied at the top with Hamilton. Raikkonen, starting fourth, complained repeatedly about his tyres' performance.
-
RED BULL (Max Verstappen 3, Daniel Ricciardo 4)
Verstappen is now third in the championship and won the Driver of the Day vote after going from 16th on the grid to third, passing at least nine cars on the opening lap. He also overtook Ricciardo, who said he lost time in the opening stint struggling to keep performance in his front tyres. The team made the right calls when the safety car deployed but are still down on power. Verstappen's podium was the team's 100th.
-
TORO ROSSO (Carlos Sainz 7, Daniil Kvyat retired)
Sainz took a big gamble as the only driver to start on the slick, supersoft tyres and it paid off, albeit after a slow getaway off the grid. He might have done even better without the safety car. Kvyat retired with hydraulic failure.
-
FORCE INDIA (Sergio Perez 9, Esteban Ocon 10)
Perez has now scored points for the last 12 races, more than anyone else on the grid. Force India have had both cars in the points for five races in a row. Perez made contact with Stroll at turn 10 on the opening lap, suffering a puncture. He made the right tyre choices after that. Ocon scored for the second race in a row, losing time on lap two when he pitted without stopping due to a misunderstanding.
-
WILLIAMS (Felipe Massa 14, Lance Stroll retired)
Massa was sixth on the grid and Stroll 10th but qualifying proved the high point. The 18-year-old Canadian retired on the opening lap after spinning off following contact with Perez, bringing out the virtual safety car. Massa lacked grip throughout.
-
HAAS (Kevin Magnussen 8, Romain Grosjean 11)
Magnussen scored his first points for his new team, after starting 12th, and their first of the season. It was the Dane's first top 10 since Singapore with Renault last September. Grosjean had a tough afternoon but with strong overtaking.
-
RENAULT (Nico Hulkenberg 12, Jolyon Palmer 13)
Renault are still without a point despite Hulkenberg starting seventh. He made an early pitstop which was undone by the virtual safety car. The German also incurred a 15 second combined penalty for overtaking during the virtual and real safety car periods. Palmer started from the pit lane after pitting at the end of the formation lap for supersoft tyres.
-
SAUBER (Marcus Ericsson 15, Antonio Giovinazzi retired)
Giovinazzi, replacing Pascal Wehrlein, crashed into the wall on the pit straight on lap four and brought out the safety car. The Italian had also crashed in qualifying.
-
MCLAREN (Fernando Alonso and Stoffel Vandoorne retired)
McLaren drops to the bottom of the table. Alonso was up to sixth by lap seven, after starting 13th, but suffered a driveshaft issue that meant he stopped on lap 34. Vandoorne retired on lap 18 with a fuel problem. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
WASHINGTON The U.S. cruise missile strike on a Syrian air base last week damaged or destroyed 20 percent of Syria's operational aircraft, as well as fuel and ammunition sites and air defence capabilities, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday.
"The Syrian government has lost the ability to refuel or re-arm aircraft at Shayrat airfield and at this point, use of the runway is of idle military interest," Mattis said in a statement.
"The Syrian government would be ill-advised ever again to use chemical weapons."
(Reporting by Phil Stewart and Idrees Ali)
Britain Soccer Football - Manchester United v West Bromwich Albion - Premier League - Old Trafford - 1/4/17 Manchester United's Wayne Rooney prepares to come on as a substitute as Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho looks on Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith Livepic
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney will miss their Europa League quarter-final first leg against Anderlecht due to an ankle injury, manager Jose Mourinho said on Wednesday.
The England forward, who has sat out United's last two matches, did not travel to Brussels for the game on Thursday.
"He is not happy with his condition," Mourinho told reporters.
"He has bad feelings with his ankle and he's not ready to play. Let's see for the weekend, let's see for next week. We don't have many players and need everyone to try to be available."
United right back Antonio Valencia should be fit to return against the Belgian team after missing the last two games and Mourinho said his side would have to be at their best against dangerous opponents.
"They are a good team and have a certain way of playing, adapted to the qualities of their players," he said.
"They play well, press well and have talented players. I think we have to play at our best level.
"When a team arrives at this stage of the competition, everyone feels it's possible (to win it). The motivation is high for everyone."
United is fifth in the Premier League table, one place outside the Champions League qualification spots, ahead of their match against leaders Chelsea at Old Trafford on Sunday.
"We still have two open doors and my feeling is that we are really going to fight in both competitions," Mourinho said.
"Honestly, I have a special feeling with the Europa League, it's a competition we can win."
(Reporting by Ed Osmond; Editing by Toby Davis)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 30OpenLimit Holding AG:
* Said on Wednesday it will close FY 2016 with anticipated loss in higher 7-digit euro area
* Said reasons are in particular, strategic decisions made on the focus on specific markets, which are linked to the valuation allowances for various open claims
* The perspective for the current period is valued by OpenLimit as positive
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
“You Can't Turn That Into A House” on FYI takes home improvement to a new level: transforming old grain silos, chicken coops, a dumpster and more into tiny houses.
Here & Now‘s Robin Young learns more about the show from hosts Taimoor Nana (@taimoor_nana), Rehan Nana and Kyle Davis.
Interview Highlights
On the concept behind the show
Taimoor Nana: “This story started off about 10 years ago, and the three of us were sitting around and we had an old grain bin, and a 100-year-old wooden barn that had been partially collapsed due to a tornado — we live here in the Midwest. And we wanted to really take the two and combine them together, and we came up with the design of taking a grain bin and making it into a luxury, two-story cabin that we felt people from the city could come out and enjoy the wilderness, where we really wanted to basically connect people to nature, and the process of building cabins out in the wilderness.”
On the theme of sustainability in the show and the houses they create
Rehan Nana: “There's definitely that aspect. We've all had long discussions about this, and one of the things that we really enjoy is being able to reuse things that would've otherwise been left fallow. If you look across the Midwest, there's literally thousands of old grain silos that, just by the progress of agriculture, they get bigger. And so all these old ones are just left there. And so we looked at them and said, ‘Hey, I think we can turn that into a house,' and we actually did end up doing it. And what's really nice is, a lot of these are out in the country, and so you really get to see a great glimpse of rural America.”
On whether it can be a dangerous job
Kyle Davis: “I mean it is, it is for sure. But you know, it's really a different scenario every single time. I really, I guess just don't like following rules and doing it how everyone else does with a full crew taking months and months on end and hundreds of thousands of dollars. I'd rather do it with two brothers out in the country, maybe a couple farmers, and get it done in a week.”
On seeing a potential home when others might see junk
RN: “We all kind of look at things differently I think, in all of these different structures. And you get to really see when we sit down collaboratively, and start spitballing the potential that an object does have, and I think it's something that I always enjoy because it's breaking something back down. It's almost like being a kid again. Like, you know, getting to play with Legos and imagining what something could be. And I think that when you're looking at a structure to try to turn it into a house, that's one of the critical things that you have to do is not imagine what it is now, but imagine what it could be.”
On building a house out of a dumpster
KD: “We cleared out the trash, and then Rehan got in there with a gigantic, heavy-duty power washer that was the full size of a pickup truck, and just power-washed the thing as good as we possibly could, and it really cleaned up pretty nice in the end. It wasn't a dumpster, it was just a nice metal box to get started building the house.”
On the idea of putting their homebuilding skills to use after hurricanes like Harvey and Maria
KD: “We had some people writing to us saying, ‘Hey, what can we … let's work on something,' and we've kicked around the idea of maybe we do make some portable, prefab housing that could be shipped to disaster areas. I think that would be a really interesting project and challenge to work on.”
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Little is more satisfying than cracking open a vintage Sears, Roebuck & Co catalog and marveling at the breadth of its offerings, dated illustrations and all. The one for the spring and summer of 1971, for instance, runs to 1,071 pages and offers everything from Dacron polyester nurse uniforms to colonial birch-veneer bedroom sets. Sadly, this once-great American retailer of everything may not make it to its 130th birthday in one piece.
The more enduring legacy of Sears, however, which published its first catalog back when Grover Cleveland was president, can be glimpsed deep within the nearly half-century-old edition. On page 432 is an application for a credit card. A few pages later there's the "modernizing credit plan," allowing consumers in seven states to buy merchandise and defer payment.
Sears Holding, the retailer, looks to be rapidly hurtling toward bankruptcy under the stewardship of hedge-fund boss Eddie Lampert. The financial-services businesses spawned by this empire – so robust a few decades ago that it built, in Chicago, the largest skyscraper in the free world – are alive and kicking. Therein lies a cautionary history lesson for Amazon.com, Alibaba and other internet conglomerates seeking international domination.
The market capitalization of Sears has shrunk to around $1.25 billion, or a fraction of where it was a decade ago after Lampert merged it with rival Kmart to create what his investors hoped would form the foundation of the next Berkshire Hathaway. A recreation of Warren Buffett's model never happened. In fact, it's surprising that Sears shares have any value given the company's warning a week ago that it may not be able to continue as a "going concern," auditor-speak for bankruptcy.
Lampert dismantled much of what was left. He spun off a collection of real-estate assets, which trade as the $1.25 billion Seritage Growth Properties. He also stripped away the Lands' End apparel business, which Sears acquired for $1.9 billion in 2002 and now has a market value of $700 million.
Sears set its Hometown and Outlet Stores unit free four years ago, too, and it's worth $97 million. It did the same for Orchard Supply Hardware, which Lowe's bought for $205 million in 2013. Sears Canada still sports an independent equity stub worth C$200 million. And earlier this year, Lampert offloaded the iconic Craftsman brand of tools to Stanley Black & Decker for $525 million upfront, some $250 million in a few years and royalties for the next 15 years. All told, that's more than $4 billion of value scrapped together from the retail remnants.
That sum excludes a significant portion of the Sears heritage, however. The company's attempts to offer credit to catalog shoppers led it to start the Discover Card in 1985. That business was bundled with Dean Witter Reynolds, the stock brokerage it acquired in 1981, and taken public in 1993. The combination later merged with Morgan Stanley, which spun off the credit-card arm a decade ago.
Since then, Discover stock has more than doubled and the company fetches a $26 billion valuation. And, of course, Sears' dalliance in the brokerage business, for which it was ridiculed as a purveyor of "socks and stocks," morphed into a chunk of Morgan Stanley with a 1997 merger of equals. The Wall Street bank today is worth $80 billion, some of which would have accrued to any Sears owners who clung to their shares.
Also linked to the Sears of yore is property-and-casualty insurer Allstate. Originally named after a tire sold in the catalog, Allstate underwrote its first policy in 1931, insuring a Studebaker, after "a customer walked into the one-room Allstate office holding an auto door handle broken off in a theft attempt," according to the company's official history.
From there, the business expanded into life, health and commercial policies. In 1993, Sears sold 20 percent of the insurer in an initial public offering, and spun the rest off to shareholders two years later. Allstate now carries a $30 billion market value, making it the most valuable vestige of the Sears realm.
There were a few other operations, some of which endure today, and others that vanished. It bought the Coldwell Banker real-estate franchise in 1981, and sold it off a decade later. It's now part of $4 billion Realogy. It even had its toe in the early dot-com froth, with online forerunner Prodigy, which it offloaded for a pittance in 1996.
Only with perfect hindsight did Sears fail to alchemize internet access, credit cards and a retail heritage into something resembling Amazon. Even so, there's the nagging feeling that the company's legacy will be more in finance than shopping. That may be instructive today, particularly as the global retail industry struggles to adapt to a world of seemingly limitless inventory and increasingly rapid fulfillment and delivery. In that sense, behemoths like Jeff Bezos' "everything store" and Jack Ma's Alibaba are taking the innovative promise of the original Sears catalog to its ultimate expression.
The Sears story also suggests, however, that the futures of these modern titans and their rivals go far beyond the retail trade. Financial services, such as those offered by Alibaba's Ant Financial subsidiary, may one day create more value than its many other activities. Likewise, Amazon Web Services, which offers a suite of cloud-computing services, may one day dwarf its parent company. All that Sears once was may ultimately guide its corporate progeny. A casual browsing though an old catalog could be enough to do the trick.
HELSINKI When Carolina Kostner was slapped with a lengthy ban in 2015 for attempting to cover up her ex-boyfriend Alex Schwazer's use of illegal performance-enhancing substances, it seemed that her career had come to an inglorious end.
However, the enforced time out from the sport only served to deepen Kostner's passion for figure skating and now aged 30, the Italian was back competing at the world championships on Wednesday.
Having led a disciplined life during a career that earned her five European titles, six world championship medals and an Olympic bronze, there was no way she was going to allow outside forces to dictate the ending for her.
"I feel grateful I can skate here. You think you've done so many, but every championship has its own story, every skate has its own story and it is challenging," said Kostner, who missed the last two editions of the global meet.
Overcoming adversity is nothing new for Kostner.
In 2006, her Olympic medal hopes were destroyed as she suffered a meltdown in front of her home fans in Turin, landing on her bottom over and over again during her free skate.
It took her another six years to heal those painful wounds -- when she finally captured her first major global title at the 2012 world championships.
A bronze in the 2014 Olympics followed but then her world fell apart as she was banned in January 2015 for lying to doping officials about Schwazer's whereabouts when they came to collect a sample from the race walker for a drugs test.
Hence when she messed up a flying camel spin during her 'God of Thunder' short skate on Wednesday -- which left her eighth and almost 13 points adrift of leader Evgenia Medvedeva -- her approach was to "keep on fighting" instead of "getting angry about a mistake”.
Now coached by Russian great Yevgeny Plushenko's former coach Alexei Mishin, Kostner is not completely out of the running for a medal in Helsinki as her score of 66.33 has kept her within touching distance of third-placed Canadian Gabrielle Daleman.
"I'm very much aware that I cannot stay out (of the sport) and then hope that everything will fall into your lap," said the oldest competitor in the women's field.
"For me it's not so much about the chase for a medal but about the journey.
"My skating today was not the best... but I hope I can share my love and my passion for figure skating and I'll try to share the moment with the audience that loves figure skating as much as I do."
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Toby Davis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has climbed back into the global top five vendors list as the global market shrunk annually, even if only by a fraction, for the first time in 2017, according to a leading industry tracker.
Worldwide smartphone shipment volume in 2017 dipped by 0.1 percent to 1.47 billion, representing the first annual shrinkage, according to data from IDC released on Friday. Another tracker Strategy Analytics indicated a 1 percent rise.
With consumers showing no strong desire to upgrade to more expensive new flagship devices, both China and the United States - the world's largest and third-largest smartphone markets - saw a decline in the last quarter, leading to a 6.3 percent year-on-year drop in total shipment volume in the quarter according to IDC.
Strategy Analytics put the same figure at 9 percent, the biggest fall in smartphone history.
Despite the weak reception of iPhone X, Apple shipped more phones than Samsung in the last quarter, according to IDC data.
China's Xiaomi replaced domestic rival Vivo to occupy the spot of the world's fifth-largest smartphone maker after its smartphone shipment grew 74.5 percent to 92.4 million units in the year.
Samsung Electronics, Apple Inc., and China's Huawei Technologies and OPPO maintained their top four positions.
The market consolidated towards the top five vendors during the year as shipment volume by others combined dropped 11.7 percent.
Xiaomi, which is now exploring a public listing and valued at around $100 billion, was once the largest vendor in China in 2014 and 2015 before sales stagnated over the next two years amid fierce competition.
It has regained growth momentum this year with affordable, innovative products and international expansion, usurping Samsung as the largest vendor in India.
The Chinese smartphone market - the world's largest - in 2017 suffered its first annual fall, by 4 percent according to Canalys and by 1 percent according to Counterpoint Research.
April 5 LHC Group Inc
* LHC Group Inc - On April 1, 2017, co and Keith G. Myers entered into an amended and restated employment agreement - SEC Filing
* LHC Group- Myers to continue to serve as co's CEO,if elected from time to time by co's stockholders to serve on board,continue to serve as chairman of board Source text: [bit.ly/2oEnHSQ] Further company coverage:
* TSX down 26.08 points, or 0.17 percent, at 15,642.99
* Seven of the TSX's 10 main groups fall (Adds details, analyst quotes, updates to close)
TORONTO/OTTAWA, April 5 Canada's main stock index edged lower on Wednesday, retreating from a nearly six-week high as financial shares declined and the energy sector gave up an earlier advance, although overall losses were tempered by gains in consumer-related stocks.
Banks were among the biggest drags on the index, including Toronto-Dominion Bank, which fell 0.6 percent to C$66.85, while Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce lost 0.9 percent to C$114.82.
The late-day decline for the TSX was also driven by the heavyweight energy sector as oil prices came off one-month highs after a surprise rise in U.S. crude inventories.
Although U.S. crude oil futures settled up 12 cents at $51.15 a barrel, the commodity was down 16 cents at $50.87 in extended trading. Shares of Encana Corp were down 2.1 percent at C$15.65, while the TSX energy group was nearly flat.
The Canadian market pulled back after hitting a record high in February but the index has climbed in recent weeks and is now just under 2 percent away from the record close.
The TSX has room to run heading into corporate earnings season and could rise to around 16,500 by the end of the year, said Bryden Teich, portfolio manager at Avenue Investment Management.
"What happened a year and a half ago as commodities collapsed, the overall earnings level on the TSX was really, really hit," said Teich.
"You now have a recovering and strengthening Canadian economy, and then you also have corporate earnings recovering and poised to have a really strong year."
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index ended down 26.08 points, or 0.17 percent, at 15,642.99. Earlier in the day, the index touched a session high of 15,758.39, its highest intraday since Feb. 23.
Just three of the index's 10 main groups ended higher, including a 0.1 percent gain for consumer discretionary stocks , helped by Hudson's Bay Co.
The department store retailer said it was aggressively working on fundamental changes in the business the day after it reported a quarterly loss and its shares rose 7.7 percent to C$10.45.
Elsewhere in the sector, Dollarama advanced 1.7 percent to C$113.87.
China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd is in advanced talks to buy a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero gold mine in Argentina, in a deal that could fetch more than $1 billion, people familiar with the process told Reuters.
Barrick's shares were down 0.3 percent at C$26.01. (Reporting by Fergal Smith in Toronto and Leah Schnurr in Ottawa; Editing by James Dalgleish)
NAIROBI Burundian opposition leader and former rebel chief Agathon Rwasa has said he fears for his life and has asked the government to speed up talks to end a crisis that began in 2015, when President Pierre Nkurunziza said he wanted a third term.
Burundi has been marred by instability since April 2015, when Nkurunziza announced his plan to run for a third term. The opposition said such a move was unconstitutional and violated a peace deal that ended a civil war in 2005.
Nkurunziza cited a court ruling saying he could run, and the government accuses opponents of fomenting unrest and backing rebel groups. At least 450 people have been killed in violence since the crisis began, rights groups say.
Talks between the government and its opponents in Bujumbura in 2015 failed to bridge their differences, and more negotiations mediated by Uganda in 2016 also stalled.
Rwasa accused the government of harassing opposition supporters, including from his National Liberation Forces (FNL) party. He said he feared for his life, claiming that unidentified members of the police and army wanted him dead.
"Some people believe that once Rwasa is killed they will stay or conquer power easily. But killing Rwasa will not help the country at all," he told Reuters at the weekend.
Rwasa, who is also the deputy speaker of the National Assembly, said members of the opposition across the country were also being used as scapegoats.
"When there is crime committed somewhere, regardless of who committed it, the first thing to do is to arrest people from FNL and find false accusations to keep them in jail," he said.
Nkurunziza's spokesman, Jean Claude Karerwa, said no one wanted to harm Rwasa and that the courts should decide any accusations he wanted to make.
"We also ask him to use a type of language which doesn't cause panic among the population," Karerwa said.
Rwasa said the government did not appear keen to participate in talks and that political parties seemed to be unable to find a solution.
The government has said it would not hold talks with parties it said were involved in the violence in 2015-16.
"The government's goodwill has never been denied. The last session was held in February, we don't know when is the next, and it's not the government to blame," said Alain Aimé Nyamitwe, the foreign minister and one of the government's negotiators.
Some 390,000 Burundians have fled to neighbouring countries since the crisis began, according to the UNHCR, the United Nations refugee agency.
(Writing by George Obulutsa; Editing by Paul Tait)
Hertha Berlin boosted their hopes of playing in European competition next season with a 2-0 home victory over troubled Augsburg on Sunday, while Ingolstadt eased their relegation concerns with a 3-2 home win over struggling Darmstadt.
In a one-sided match, John Anthony Brooks and Valentin Stocker scored first-half goals as Hertha moved above Freiburg and FC Cologne into fifth place on 43 points, with six games to play.
Hertha dominated the early stages with Brooks heading them into the lead from close range in the 12th minute as the visitors' unconvincing defence failed to clear their lines following a corner.
Pal Dardai's side, who had lost their previous three matches, extended their advantage in the 37th minute, Stocker tapping home after excellent interplay between captain Vedad Ibisevic and Salomon Kalou.
"We would've liked to have got that third goal in the second half," Dardai told journalists, "but we more than deserved the win today.
"Everyone did their job. It was a real team performance."
Hertha remains seven points behind Borussia Dortmund in the fourth Champions League qualifying position.
Augsburg suffered an injury blow shortly before kick off when Raul Bobadilla tweaked his calf and was replaced in the starting lineup by Alfred Finnbogason.
Lacking any real offensive threat, they remain in a relegation playoff spot on 29 points, now only one ahead of Ingolstadt after their exhilarating victory over bottom club Darmstadt.
Markus Suttner settled the relegation dogfight when he curled home a 25-metre free kick in the 72nd minute to take Ingolstadt up to 28 points and leave the visitors adrift on 15.
Pascal Gross fired Ingolstadt ahead in the 20th minute, but two goals in six first-half minutes from Darmstadt's Mario Vrancic threatened to turn the contest on its head before Almog Cohen equalised and Suttner completed the comeback.
Both sides lost a player to a red card in the dying stages as Romaine Bregerie and Antonio-Mirko Colak were dismissed after an altercation.
(Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Ian Chadband and Clare Fallon)
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* INTERCONTINENTAL EXCHANGE HAS UPPED ITS STAKE IN EUROCLEAR TO AROUND 10 PERCENT - FT, CITING SOURCES Source text - on.ft.com/2DULJkU Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
A reporter waits to get on board a bus sponsored by Podemos (We can) party painted with pictures representing Spain's recent political scandals before touring Madrid, Spain April 18, 2017. Picture taken April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
A municipal worker points at a bus sponsored by Podemos (We can) party painted with pictures representing Spain's recent political scandals as it tours Madrid, Spain April 18, 2017. Picture taken April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
People look at a bus sponsored by Podemos (We can) party painted with pictures representing Spain's recent political scandals as it tours Madrid, Spain April 18, 2017. Picture taken April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Susana Vera
The logo of Spanish constructor OHL is seen attached to a fence at a construction site in Madrid, Spain, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Sergio Perez
MADRID A Spanish High Court graft inquiry that has led to the arrests of people linked to the ruling People's Party widened on Thursday as police searched the offices of construction group OHL and technology firm Indra.
Mariano Rajoy is not accused of any wrongdoing, but the investigation is an embarrassment for the Spanish Prime Minister who has sought to distance himself from a series of political scandals involving kickbacks.
Dozens of politicians and executives have taken the stand as a result and Rajoy, who holds the narrowest parliamentary majority in the history of Spanish democracy, has been called as a witness in a trial of members of his party suspected of operating a slush fund, a court spokeswoman said on Tuesday.
OHL and Indra confirmed the searches and an OHL spokesman said the company had not made any payments to politicians and was fully cooperating with police, while an Indra spokesman declined any further comment.
El Pais newspaper reported that the searches were linked to the financing of the PP's Madrid branch during regional election campaigns in 2011. A PP spokeswoman declined to comment.
News of the searches hit shares in both companies, with OHL falling as much as 14 percent, before recovering to trade around 8 percent lower. Indra's shares lost more than 4 percent.
A police spokesman did not name the companies, saying only that the inspections were part of the same operation which led on Wednesday to the arrest of former Madrid regional president Ignacio Gonzalez and 11 others.
The searches were carried out on order of the investigating magistrate in that case, Eloy Velasco, a police spokeswoman later said ,without giving any further information. A High Court spokesman declined to comment.
Gonzalez, a PP member who was president of the Madrid government between 2012 and 2015, and eleven others linked to his administration were arrested on as part of an open investigation into allegations including bribery and fraud.
The former local leader has not commented on his arrest and Reuters was unable to reach him or his lawyer.
The PP said in a statement on Wednesday it rejects "any type of corruption ... and will take the necessary measures to stop any activity that infringes the law".
Spain's anti-establishment opposition party Podemos, which polls within a whisker of its main rivals the Socialists, seized on the searches to highlight links between the country's politicians and businesses.
Podemos, which has been touring Madrid in a double-decker bus painted with pictures representing recent political scandals, said it was taking the bus to OHL's headquarters.
Spain has slipped to 41 in Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions index in 2016, implying a higher level of corruption in the Mediterranean country than Portugal and France, but a lower one than Italy and Greece.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo de Miguel and Sonya Dowsett; Writing by Isla Binnie; Editing by Sonya Dowsett and Alexander Smith)
May 2 Perfumania Holdings Inc
* Perfumania reports fiscal 2016 fourth quarter net sales of $142 million
* Q4 loss per share $0.45
* Q4 revenue $142 million
* Says accelerating closure of underperforming stores
* Says "We have recently undertaken an exhaustive review of our human and infrastructure resources"
* Says review, while on-going, has already resulted in reduction of store footprint to 287 stores as of fiscal 2016 year end
* Will be making changes that are expected to yield cost savings and better align operational structure
* Says since fiscal 2016, closed an additional 43 locations, amounting to a reduction of over 20% of retail store footprint Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Debanjan Bose)
THIMPHU, April 28 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - In the past three years, Passang Tshering and his team of over 1,000 volunteers have cleaned up more than 60 public toilets and built temporary bathrooms at a dozen events in Bhutan.
Passang decided to take matters into his own hands after spotting a huge gap in sanitation provision in the tiny Himalayan state, launching the Bhutan Toilet Organization in 2014.
“Everybody seemed to complain about toilets everywhere, but there was no governing body to listen and find solutions,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
The goal of Passang and his young team is to rid the country of the practice of open defecation. “It is not even seen as a problem,” said the former computer teacher.
Traditionally, Bhutanese families built toilets on the first floor of their dwellings, with a pig sty underneath so that the human waste could serve as fodder.
People would use leaves, sticks and stones to clean up after themselves, while flushing was rare due to a lack of piped water.
Modern toilets have now become popular in cities and towns. But with the majority of Bhutanese people still living in remote hamlets, poor sanitation remains a major issue in large parts of the country.
Reports of typhoid cases due to water contamination are common during the monsoon that runs from May through September. According to records from the health ministry, nearly 20,000 children under five are treated for diarrhoeal disease annually.
Other health problems exacerbated by a lack of sanitation and hygiene include skin infections, conjunctivitis, dengue and malaria.
However, in the past few years, deaths linked to diarrhoeal disease in young children have dropped significantly.
Bhutan managed to achieve a global goal to reduce the mortality rate of under-fives by two thirds between 1990 and 2015, partly thanks to improvements in drinking water and sanitation.
Still, experts say more progress is needed on raising public awareness and providing clean drinking water, reliable water supplies and proper sanitation facilities, especially in rural communities.
The government is working with U.N. agencies and international aid groups to educate villagers in how to pursue and maintain better health and hygiene.
Meanwhile, motivated individuals like Passang are changing mindsets too. Since launching a “Clean Toilets for All” campaign online in November 2014, he has created a vibrant community of sanitation activists, including young student volunteers and civil servants.
The group plans to build toilet facilities along highways and upgrade existing public toilets, ensuring they are friendly to women and people with disabilities.
The volunteers also set up portable toilets at public events, and are lobbying for mandatory toilets in parks, low-income housing estates, construction sites, garages and bus stops.
'BEST THING'
“We used to openly defecate when I visited my village,” recalled 15-year-old Tandin Zam, who is glad a toilet has now been built at her family home in Paro, some 70 km from the capital Thimphu where she lives.
Infectious diseases linked to water and sanitation account for almost 30 percent of health problems in remote areas. That is why the health ministry is backing a nationwide campaign to build toilets in every locality, funded by international organisations.
The proportion of Bhutan's population with access to improved sanitation now stands at 70 percent, up from 58 percent in 2010.
“My clean modern toilet is the best thing that has happened in my lifetime,” said 72-year-old Jigme Choden of Thorshong Gonpa village in Mongar, one of Bhutan's fastest-developing districts.
Communities are supposed to maintain their own facilities, but illiteracy, the mountainous terrain and lack of water connectivity have often led to improper usage.
Jack Sim, founder of the World Toilet Organization who visited Bhutan four years ago, said schools in the South Asian nation lacked adequate lavatories.
“The teachers had nice toilets but the facilities for the student were in a bad condition,” he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. “Bhutan needs to promote improvement in design of toilets and training for cleaners.”
The government should also work with the private sector to install toilets at tourist sites, he added.
The Buddhist kingdom has a number of important festivals where thousands of locals and foreigners flock to ancient fortresses and monasteries - and the shortage of toilets at these locations has always been a concern.
TOILET CLUBS
Where there are toilets, they do not have enough staff to keep them clean, said Passang. But when bathrooms are modern and in good condition, people show more respect, he added.
“They contribute their share by flushing, and ensuring their footprints are not left behind on the tiles,” he said. “To make a complete change in the toilet habits of our people, we must give them great toilets.”
His organisation plans to train cleaners and assign people to man public toilets.
It has set up “Toilet Clubs” in around 10 colleges to manage sanitation facilities, while universities have decided to observe Oct. 8 as University Toilet Day each year.
The group is also keen to tackle issues relating to sewage and wastewater management, as well as the pollution of river and groundwater.
“We want to ensure that no sewer flows into the stream or river system, and we will also push for mandatory connections to the main sewer system,” said Passang. (Reporting by Saraswati Sundas; editing by Megan Rowling. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
TORONTO, April 20 Canada's main stock index rose on Thursday after shares of Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd jumped on an upbeat earnings report and mining shares benefited from a gain in commodity prices.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index closed up 72.68 points, or 0.47 percent, at 15,625.56. Eight of the ten main sectors on the index traded higher. (Reporting by John Tilak; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
March 29 Mm2 Asia Ltd:
* Mm2 entertainment pte, mm2 entertainment sdn entered into non-binding memorandum of understanding with starhub cable vision and astro malaysia holdings
* Total cost for voice is estimated to be around s$5.0 million
* Starhub intends to invest and sponsor in singapore segment, whereas astro intends to invest in malaysia segment
* Starhub cable vision and astro malaysia are coming in as partners to collaborate on broadcast, promotion and securing of sponsorships in the voice
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
NORTH BAY VILLAGE, FLA. (WSVN) - Fire Rescue crews responded to the scene of a high-rise fire in North Bay Village, Friday morning.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue responded to a first alarm kitchen fire at an apartment located at 7904 West Drive, around 5 a.m.
According to officials, the fire started in a fifth floor unit, where the stove was left on.
Half of the building had to be evacuated. However, no injuries were reported.
Firefighters are now checking for carbon monoxide detectors.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Michael Burgess and Laurie Evans smashed 81 in a six-and-a-half-over stand for the fourth wicket to set up Sussex with a 36-run win in the Vitality T20 Blast opener at Chelmsford.
Burgess, having his first T20 knock for Sussex, finished with five sixes in a 23-ball 56, while Evans's 61 took 45 balls. The Sharks' 181 for six, after electing to bat, looked slightly under-par, but David Wiese ripped the heart out of the Eagles batting with five for 24, including three wickets in five balls in his fourth over.
Varun Chopra led the chase with 64 from 48 balls, including three sixes, but his exit sparked a late collapse with the last five wickets falling for two runs in eight balls as Essex finished 36 runs short.
Luke Wright counts Chelmsford as one of his lucky grounds – having hit 153 not out four years ago – but lasted just two balls this time, cutting the first backward of square for four before being beaten for pace by Jamie Porter. The seamer had a second when Phil Salt pulled him to the midwicket boundary where Matt Coles took the catch above his head.
Essex's overseas signing, Australian leg-spinner Adam Zampa, was down on one knee imploring for lbw against Tom Bruce with his second delivery, but nailed the New Zealander two balls later when his next appeal was successful.
The Sharks were 36 for three, but Burgess joined Evans and the pair had advanced the score by fifty inside four overs. Burgess reached his half-century from just 20 balls, with three fours and five sixes, the majority of them straight down the ground. Coles bore the brunt of Burgess's assault, his first two overs going for 32, as the middle overs cost the Eagles dear.
But on 56, Burgess landed a full-toss from Sam Cook into the hands of sub fielder Dan Lawrence at wide mid-on. Laurie Evans was less demonstrative, but reached his fifty from 36 balls before lifting Coles to Simon Harmer just inside the rope at extra cover.
Jofra Archer played an entertaining 18-ball cameo at the end for 24, hitting Ravi Bopara for six over long-leg, and falling on his back as he turned Coles from outside off-stump for four to fine leg. He found himself lying on his back again but with partner David Wiese staring down at him, and was run out by Bopara's spin and direct hit to the non-striker's end.
Archer made amends in his first over, having Adam Wheater caught pulling at deep midwicket, but in his second over was dumped over point for six by Chopra. Essex had just passed 50 when Wiese claimed two wickets in four balls with Tom Westley bowled and Ryan ten Doeschate caught behind without scoring.
Rashid Khan accounted for Bopara when Phil Salt took the catch at midwicket, but Chopra punished him next ball with his third six of the night over long-off. His fourth four, caressed through the covers, took Chopra to his fifty from 36 balls and Essex past 100 in the 14th over.
However, the rate was rising. It started at just over nine, was 11 at halfway and 13 with five overs left. When Chopra went, playing on to Khan, the situation looked terminal. Ashar Zaidi showed some resistance, hitting Will Beer for six to cow corner, but became Wiese's third victim to Ollie Robinson's third catch.
Two more wickets in his last over gave Wiese his five-wicket haul. Coles went first ball when he pulled the ball to Bruce on the midwicket fence, and then Zampa played over one and was bowled. Archer sent Harmer on his way with his stumps splattered before bowling Cook with two balls left.
LONDON, March 31 The British government said on Friday it has sold a portfolio of mortgages that were issued by failed lender Bradford & Bingley to insurer Prudential and buyout firm Blackstone, for 11.8 billion pounds ($14.7 billion).
Bradford & Bingley, a buy-to-let mortgage provider bailed out by the British government during the financial crisis, is now owned by government vehicle UK Asset Resolution (UKAR).
The sale will reduce UKAR's balance sheet to 22 billion pounds, having stood at 37 billion pounds in September 2016. ($1 = 0.8015 pounds) (Reporting by Rachel Armstrong; Editing by Susan Fenton)
An office building at the Fresenius SE headquarters is pictured in Bad Homburg near Frankfurt, Germany February 22, 2017. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
FRANKFURT German healthcare group Fresenius (FREG.DE) on Wednesday toned up its earnings guidance for the year as demand for recently launched generic infusion drugs continued to grow at higher-than-expected rates.
For 2017, it now expects adjusted net income to grow by 19 to 21 percent, excluding the effect of currency swings, compared with a previous target for a 17 to 20 percent gain, to be shored up later this year by market launches of more than 10 products that have lost patent protection.
That excludes one-off charges of about 50 million euros expected from the last week's deals to acquire U.S. generic drugmaker Akorn Inc (AKRX.O) for $4.75 billion and the biosimilars arm of Germany's Merck KGaA (MRCG.DE) and another 50 million euros in planned expenditures to build the Merck business later this year.
First-quarter adjusted net income jumped 28 percent to 457 million euros ($500 million), bolstered by recently launched drugs and the acquisition of Spanish hospital chain Quironsalud, coming in above the average estimate of 422 million euros in a Reuters poll of analysts.
The shares were seen 1.5 percent higher in pre-market trades ahead of the 0700 GMT market open, amid an overall German stock market that was indicated slightly lower.
Separately listed subsidiary Fresenius Medical Care (FMEG.DE), which derives about three quarters of sales from North America, posted a 17 percent gain in quarterly adjusted net income, benefiting from higher reimbursement rates and lower costs of medicines for dialysis patients.
First-quarter adjusted net income of 249 million euros excluded a one-off gain of 59 million euros from settling a dispute with the U.S. Departments of Veterans Affairs and Justice over outstanding payments.
(Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
About Alex Zander
Alex Zander resides in Chicago, IL and is the founder and publisher of MK ULTRA Magazine, established 1995. He continues to run all operations online.
April 20 (Reuters) -
* Ontario premier wynne says will take 16 measures to make buying a home more affordable
* Ontario premier says will implement non-resident speculation tax of 15 percent in golden horseshoe of ontario
* Ontario premier says to expand rent controls to all private rental units including those built after 1991
* Ontario finance minister sousa says current price increases not sustainable
* Ontario finance minister says will implement tax on vacant homes in toronto to encourage greater supply
* Ontario says will introduce c$125 million, five year program to encourage construction of new apartments
* Ontario finance minister says non-resident activity in toronto hovers around 8 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [ ] (Reporting by Matt Scuffham)
A new shake-up of health services is being made across Horsham, Crawley and Mid Sussex.
New GP ‘access hubs' have opened across the district and a pilot ‘paramedic practioner' service will be launched in January.
The GP hubs are aimed at providing additional doctor appointments for residents who are ‘generally well' but need to see a doctor.
The hubs opened in November and are based in Horsham, Crawley, Haywards Heath, Burgess Hill and East Grinstead.
The Horsham area GP hub is based at The Village Surgery in Southwater. In Crawley, hubs are based at Leacroft Medical Practice, Langley Green and at Southgate Medical group.
There are also GP hubs at The Avenue, Burgess Hill; Dolphins Practice, Haywards Heath, and Cuckfield Medical Practice.There is also a hub at the Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead.
A spokesman for the Horsham, Crawley and Mid Sussex Clinical Commissioning Group - which is responsible for paying for and monitoring local health services - said: “The extra appointments are aimed at people who are generally well, who have access to transport and do not need a continuing conversation about their health, and so can see someone who is not their usual GP.
“Patients continue to contact their own GP surgery, and if they fit the criteria they may be been offered an appointment in their local hub.”
From January, a pilot paramedic practioner service will begin across the district with paramedics providing home visits to patients with frailty, on behalf of GP practices.
The paramedics will work in different parts of urgent and emergency care while remaining employed by the ambulance service.
There will be five paramedic practitioners, one working across all the GP practices in Burgess Hill, Crawley, East Grinstead, Haywards Heath and Horsham. The pilot home visiting service is scheduled to start in January and run for 18 months.
Meanwhile, other paramedic practitioners will also work shifts in the ambulance service's Crawley call centre, and respond to 999 calls to see patients with immediately life threatening and more complex needs who, say health chiefs, ‘will benefit most from their extended scope of practice.'
The CCG spokesman added: “Robust evaluation of the pilot aims to establish patient and staff experience of satisfaction with the new arrangements, as well as the impact on usage of ambulance services and hospital - and community- based care, and GP time.”
Details of the shake-up were revealed following questions in parliament by Mid Sussex MP Sir Nicholas Soames who asked what steps were being taken to increase capacity in general practice in West Sussex.
Health Department spokesman Steve Brine said the Government had committed nationally to 5,000 additional doctors in general practice and 5,000 other staff in general practice; and by March 2019 everyone has improved access to GP services, including sufficient routine appointments at evenings and weekends to meet locally determined demand.
“In West Sussex and Mid Sussex, the clinical commissioning groups have opened GP access hubs in East Grinstead, Burgess Hill, Haywards Heath, Crawley and Horsham to provide additional appointments in primary care,” he said.
“Horsham and Mid Sussex CCG is exploring alternative skill mix in primary care to deliver additional capacity and are piloting paramedic practitioners in each town from January 2018. It has also applied to be part of a national programme for international recruitment of GPs.”
São Paulo, March 29 Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA said on Wednesday its biggest commercial aircraft ever took to the skies more than three months ahead of schedule, confirming healthy progress on a re-engined new generation of airliners.
A prototype of the E195-E2 began its first flight shortly before noon Brazil local time (1500 GMT), the company said on Twitter, celebrating a milestone originally programmed for the second half of 2017. (Reporting by Brad Haynes; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 28 Coffee Holding Co Inc
* On April 25, 2017 co, unit entered into an amended and restated loan and security agreement with Sterling National Bank
* Loan agreement amended and restated to provide for a new maturity date of February 28, 2018 - SEC filing
* Loan deal was amended and restated to consolidate principal amounts of financing deals to provide for maximum limit of $12 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 (Reuters) -
* WhatsApp is aware of outage issue and is working to fix it "as soon as possible" – Whatsapp spokesperson
* WhatsApp spokesperson did not say which countries were affected by the outage Further company coverage:
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri looks on during a news conference before the match against Barcelona. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini
TURIN, Italy Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri promised to throw caution to the wind against Barcelona in Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final, saying it was impossible to keep a clean sheet against the Spanish side's attack.
Instead, Allegri said on Monday, he would throw on all his best attacking players in an attempt to outscore his opponents in the first leg at the Juventus stadium.
"It's impossible to think about playing two 0-0 draws and winning on penalties," Allegri told reporters.
"All the four or five attacking players will play, I don't see any reason why we should have to do without them.
"It's a great challenge and we have to play with the confidence that we can beat Barcelona."
Allegri did not name his team but his comments suggest that Croatia forward Mario Mandzukic and Colombia winger Juan Cuadrado will both play in addition to the attacking pair of Gonzalo Higuain and Paulo Dybala.
"It's always good not to concede a goal when you play the first leg at home but that is going to be difficult this time and it is likely they will score," admitted Allegri, even though his side have conceded only two goals in the competition.
"Barcelona has those three in attack but they also leave space behind," he said referring to Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar. "You have to play on their weaknesses.
"We've changed a lot in recent years, we've grown in self-confidence and awareness in the Champions League.
"Juventus should be used to playing games like this. Juventus has important qualities and we need to show them on the pitch, while knowing the difficulties we'll face against a great team."
(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Ian Chadband)
April 14 Trimble Inc
* Trimble announces new reporting segments
* Trimble Inc - will change reporting of its segment financial results
* Trimble Inc - starting with Q1 results, trimble will report revenue and operating income based on four operating segments
* Trimble Inc - four operating segments include buildings and infrastructure, geospatial, resources and utilities, and transportation Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2(Reuters) - Hubei Feilihua Quartz Glass Co Ltd
* Says it was recognized as high-tech enterprise, and to enjoy a tax preference of 15 percent for three years from 2017
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/5szYdb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
JGBs rise on cues from U.S. Treasuries; BOJ awaited
TOKYO, June 15 Japanese government bonds firmed on Thursday, taking cues from U.S. Treasuries as investors await Bank of Japan's meeting later this week.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 billion a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the co-working space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
March 29 A federal judge on Wednesday granted a bid by Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc to undo a class action lawsuit by manager trainees in six states who say they were unlawfully denied overtime pay.
U.S. District Judge Andrew Carter in Manhattan said the former Chipotle "apprentices" from New York, Illinois and four other states had varying duties depending on where they worked and could not show they were all eligible for overtime pay.
The plaintiffs in the 2012 lawsuit said that when they worked in the temporary, salaried positions training to manage new restaurants, they often performed basic tasks that could be assigned to hourly workers. That entitled them to overtime pay under state wage laws, the workers said.
Carter's decision blocks the seven workers who filed the lawsuit from representing a class of more than 500 people, which could end the case altogether.
The company's victory on Wednesday came as it faced a larger 2014 lawsuit filed in federal court in Colorado by 10,000 hourly workers who say they were required to work off the clock for no pay. A U.S. appeals court in Colorado on Monday rejected Chipotle's bid to undo the nationwide class of workers in that case.
Denver-based Chipotle, which operates more than 2,000 U.S. restaurants, did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday's ruling. Nor did lawyers for the plaintiffs.
Unlike most other fast food chains that operate on a franchise model, Chipotle owns its restaurants and is responsible for wages and other employment decisions.
Salaried workers like the Chipotle apprentices are automatically eligible for overtime pay under federal law if they earn less than $23,660. Employees who earn more must be paid overtime if they do not have management or administrative duties.
Last year, a federal judge blocked a controversial Obama administration rule that would have doubled the salary threshold to about $47,500 and extended overtime pay to more than 4 million workers.
The U.S. Department of Labor appealed the judge's ruling, but it is unclear whether the administration of President Donald Trump will pursue the case.
Trump's nominee for U.S. labor secretary, R. Alexander Acosta, told a U.S. Senate panel last week that he had not made a decision about how to proceed on the rule, but was concerned about its impact on businesses and workers. (Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York; Editng by Andrew Hay)
PARIS May 3 The two rivals in France's presidential election clashed on Wednesday over the euro, with the far right's Marine Le Pen accusing centrist Emmanuel Macron of brandishing "project fear" while he said her plans to ditch the currency would be fatal for the country.
"The euro is the currency of bankers, not that of the people," said Le Pen who wants to take France out of the euro and bring back the franc.
Labelling Le Pen "the high priestess of fear," Macron said leaving the euro would be a "fatal" step. (Reporting by Ingrid Melander; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
April 3 Essa Pharma Inc
* Essa Pharma provides clinical study update and announces presentations at the American Association for Cancer Research annual meeting
* Essa Pharma Inc - EPI-506 continues to be very well-tolerated through six patient cohorts at escalating doses in phase 1 dose trial
* Essa Pharma - intends to submit data from phase 1 clinical trial to scientific meeting, sees announcing updated results by end of Q2 2017 for EPI-506 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Aug 12 (Reuters) - - WEST BROMWICH ALBION 1 BOURNEMOUTH 0
Egyptian defender Ahmed Hegazi scored a first-half header on his Premier League debut to give West Bromwich Albion a well-deserved 1-0 victory over Bournemouth at the Hawthorns on the opening day of their season.
Striker Jay Rodriguez, bought from Southampton during the summer for 12 million pounds, was busy early on for the home side, going close twice in two first-half minutes with a header and a shot.
Hegazi, on loan from Egypt's Al Ahly, scored the only goal of the game for West Brom in the 31st minute, deftly heading Chris Brunt's inswinging ball from the right between the legs of Bournemouth keeper Asmir Begovic in the 31st minute.
Bournemouth camped on the edge of the West Brom penalty area for much of the second half but struggled to find time and space to shoot as West Brom hung on for the win.
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
April 28 Class Editori SpA:
* Said on Thursday that the board decided to issue up to 3.5 million ordinary shares, category A, for up to 1.1 million euros ($1.20 million)
* Price per share to be EUR 0.98
* Capital increase follows exercise of powers granted by shareholders on April 27, 2012
Source text: www.1info.it
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9146 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
April 12 De Longhi SpA:
* Signs contract to acquire 40 pct of Swiss group Eversys, with option to acquire the remaining 60 pct through a "put & call" mechanism
* "Put & call" mechanism to acquire Eversys to be exercised by June 30, 2021 (not earlier than 2 years following the closing date)
* Initial maximum cash out will amount to about 21 million Swiss francs ($20.90 million) and will include a consideration for the 40 pct equity stake ranging from 15.3 million francs to 17.4 million francs and, for the residual part, a shareholder loan to finance the investments envisaged by the business plan
* The maximum payable price for the 100 pct of Eversys is estimated in approximately 100 million francs Source text: www.1info.it Further company coverage: ($1 = 1.0050 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Dollar propped up by rise in Treasury yields
* Euro holds onto most of the gains since French vote
* Sterling helped by bullish manufacturing survey
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON, May 2 The dollar hit a six-week high against the yen on Tuesday, lifted by a surge in U.S. government bond yields after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin commented on the possibility of ultra long-term bond issuance.
With European markets returning after May Day holidays, the greenback gained around a third of a percent to trade as high as 112.31 yen, its strongest since mid-March.
Mnuchin told Bloomberg in an interview on Monday that issuing debt exceeding 30-years in maturity "can absolutely make sense", driving 30-year yields to a three-week high and returns on 10-year bonds to a session peak.
The euro, however, held strong against the greenback, some measure of market doubts over whether the Trump administration is capable of delivering a promised boost to growth, chiefly now envisaged to come through tax cuts.
"Mnuchin's comments have at least stabilised the long end of the curve," said Lee Hardman, an analyst with Japan's MUFG.
"But the dollar is still on the defensive in the near term. The data from the U.S. has been coming in on the disappointing side and the Fed is likely to acknowledge that ... this week."
The "Trumpflation" trades that dominated the end of last year, driving Treasury yields and the dollar higher on expectations of higher inflation, growth and official interest rates, have faded this year.
The dollar is down almost 4 percent against the euro in the first four months of 2017 and was less than half a cent off last week's 5-1/2 month low of $1.0951 on Tuesday.
Latest U.S. economic indicators have been underwhelming. Factory activity slowed in April, while consumer spending was unchanged in March, and an important inflation measure fell on a monthly basis for the first time since 2001.
Other numbers out later this week include an ADP employment report on Wednesday, durable goods orders on Thursday and a non-farm jobs report on Friday.
The Fed is widely expected to keep interest rates unchanged at a two-day policy meeting that begins on Tuesday, but its attitude to the recent data will be crucial for market expectations of another rise in interest rates in June.
Alessio de Longis, a portfolio manager at Oppenheimer Funds in New York, said there was not enough progress on a fiscal boost that might drive the dollar higher although he had not yet turned outright positive on the euro.
"Neither one of these two (growth) stories is ripe right now and really dominant, so that's why the euro is struggling to find a clear direction and is stuck between $1.05 and $1.10," he said.
"We have been underweight the euro for years and went neutral literally on Sunday night after the French elections results and plan to hold this position."
Sterling, one of the past month's strongest performers in currency markets globally, gained 0.2 percent to $1.2912 after a survey of purchasing managers pointed to a stronger manufacturing sector thanks to the weaker pound.
That countered any nerves over reports of a fractious meeting between Prime Minister Theresa May and European Union officials last week which bode ill for Brexit talks this year.
Nomura analyst Jordan Rochester argued there was a risk of the economy surprising on the upside as European growth strengthened, turning the Bank of England less pessimistic and reheating expectations of higher interest rates.
"The difficulty of the early stages of the Brexit negotiations looks to be priced in already. The market learnt nothing particularly new from the weekend's dinner leaks," he said.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Additional reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro in Tokyo; Editing by Tom Heneghan and Ed Osmond)
April 5 Northeast Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd
* Says it returns to net profit of 23.8 million yuan ($3.45 million) in 2016 versus net loss of 384.4 million yuan year ago
* Says it aims to raise up to 1.4 billion yuan in private placement of shares to fund vitamin C production project
* Says it plans to invest 130 million yuan in technology upgrade in 2017
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2na91ea; bit.ly/2nDlUcp; bit.ly/2nJdXTz
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8960 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 20 Lifestyle Properties Development Ltd
* application has been made by co to stock exchange for resumption of trading in shares with effect from 20 april 2017
* on 13 April 2017, vendor and offeror entered into agreement
* the offeror agreed to acquire sale shares from vendor
* deal for consideration of hk$1.29 billion
* deal for, for every offer share , hk$5.18 in cash
* Offeror is mega regal limited; vendor is lifestyle international holdings limited Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON, April 28 Boeing Co has been awarded a $541 million contract for CH-47F helicopters for the Netherlands, the Pentagon said on Friday.
April 3 Trimas Corp :
* Exited manufacturing plant located in Wolverhampton, United Kingdom, taken actions to cease production at a plant located in Reynosa, Mexico
* Charges associated with exit of Reynosa facility will range from $2.0 million to $2.5 million
* Company estimates charges associated with exiting Wolverhampton facility to range from $3.0 million to $3.5 million during Q1 of 2017
* Lamons business expects to exit Reynosa facility by June 30, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Belfast Giants beat the Cardiff Devils 4-3 after penalties in the first of a weekend double-header between the top two teams in the Elite League.
The win closes the gap at the top of the table to six points after a controversial end to the game.
The Giants thought they had won with 1.6 seconds of overtime remaining when Spiro Goulakos's shot went in off the crossbar but the goal was disallowed.
Darcy Murphy scored in the shootout to earn a vital win for the home side.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
COLOMBO, March 29 The Sri Lankan rupee ended firmer on Wednesday, helped by exporter dollar sales and inward remittances but importer demand for the greenback from a state bank weighed on the sentiment, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards ending at 152.55/65 per dollar, compared with Tuesday's close of 152.70/80.
"There was some selling by a foreign bank. We have seen some inward remittances ahead of the festive season and seasonal (importer) demand has largely covered. Besides, state bank's demand for dollar was also there," said a currency dealer, requesting anonymity.
The rupee has been under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports ahead of the traditional new year in April, dealers said.
The central bank on Monday raised the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.70 after the bank raised it by 25 cents on March 20.
On Friday, the central bank raised interest rates for the first time in eight months, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
Analysts said the rate hike, a move aimed at easing pressure on the rupee, could help stabilise the domestic currency that is hurt by rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors.
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 70 million rupees ($461,285) in the week ended March 22. They have net sold 63.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year. ($1 = 151.7000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
An Adidas logo is seen at the new Futurecraft shoe unveiling event in New York City, New York, U.S. April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Joe Penney
SHANGHAI German sports apparel brand Adidas AG (ADSGn.DE) expects its huge operating margin in China to shrink slightly in the long term, while its small U.S. margin grows markedly in the near term, its new chief executive officer said on Thursday.
Kasper Rorsted, on his first visit to China since taking the helm in September, said Adidas' margin in Greater China of 35 percent last year would "stabilise and slightly decline". Meanwhile North America, with a margin of 6.3 percent last year from 2.5 percent in 2015, was playing "catch-up".
"We expect a dramatic improvement in margins in the United States, but we expect over time also a slowdown in the margin development in China," he said, without detailing specifics.
The firm's Greater China sales, about half those of North America in 2013, reached 16 percent of its global total last year, just shy of North America's 18 percent.
The sports apparel market, buoyed by supportive government policies and health-conscious consumers, has been a bright spot in China amid tougher conditions for firms from snack makers to cinema operators in the world's second-largest economy.
Rorsted said Adidas would "invest heavily" in China, where he saw huge long-term potential. The firm is on track to add 2,000 stores in China and hit 12,000 by 2020.
The company forecasts "double digit" China growth this year, though Rorsted said this would be slower than in 2016 when Adidas had sales of 3 billion euros (2.50 billion pounds) in the market, up 28 percent on 2015 before currency fluctuations.
China's wider retail market, however, remained tough, he said, despite an uptick in official data in the first quarter.
"What we are seeing, if you take the total industry, is a slowdown in retail," he said.
"Brick-and-mortar traditional and fast-moving consumer goods has dramatically slowed down. Traffic in large malls has slowed down. That is one trend and right now that's not being offset by anything," he said, without elaborating.
Rorsted added firms in apparel and footwear, which manufacture mostly in Asia, were not going to be relocating plants to Europe or the United States any time soon - something that has been on the agenda of new U.S. President Donald Trump.
"The size is these plants is humongous... They are highly automated today and the entire supplier base is based out of Asia," he said. "Just financially it's illogical and so it's highly unlikely that this will happen."
(Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
(ru) Все права защищены! © 2007 - Contact online news : При использовании материалов активная гиперссылка на www.contact.az обязательна
(en) All rights reserved! © 2007 - Contact online news : When reprinting, active hyperlink on www.contact.az required. Powered by © Contact Online news, 2007 -
Email: editor.contact.az@gmail.com
* Feeder cattle hits new highs * Lean hogs finish flat/firmer By Theopolis Waters CHICAGO, April 10 Chicago Mercantile Exchange live cattle rose for a fourth consecutive session on Monday, fueled by short-covering and futures' discounts to last week's cash prices, said traders. Last weekend's news that China offered to lift its ban on U.S. beef helped spike Chicago Mercantile Exchange over 1 percent on Monday. But, futures have since slid from session highs on skepticism whether the Chinese will follow through on their offer. "There was some initial futures market optimism regarding China. But now it's wait and see," said Brock Associates Inc. analyst Doug Houghton. April live cattle closed 1.050 cents per pound higher at 121.100 cents, and June ended up 0.500 cent to 112.300 cents. Last week, a small number of market-ready, or cash, cattle in the U.S. Plains generally traded at $124 to $126 per cwt versus mostly $128 to $130 a week earlier. Market participants again expect softer cash prices this week based on negative packer profits and seasonally slow wholesale beef demand. There are plenty of cattle for packers that are planning closures over the Easter holiday. Less beef as a result of plant disruptions could help reverse the almost two-week wholesale beef price slide, said traders and analysts. Monday afternoon's average wholesale beef price was up 24 cents per cwt to $207.46 from Friday. Select cuts dropped 89 cents to $196.60, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said. CME feeder cattle landed in bullish territory for a third straight session, and back months hit new highs, led by strong cash feeder cattle prices and more live cattle futures gains. April feeder cattle closed 1.550 cents per pound higher at 135.300 cents. HOGS CLOSE FLAT/FIRMER Deteriorating cash hog prices weighed on CME April lean hogs, that were also felt pressure after investors sold the contract and simultaneously bought deferred months, said traders. April hogs , which will expire on April 17, ended unchanged at 63.325 cents. May be closed up 0.350 cent to 69.350 cents. Most-actively traded June settled 0.500 cent higher at 73.275 cents. Seasonally building supplies, and packers requiring fewer hogs before plants close over the Easter holiday, continued to drag down cash prices, said traders and analysts. They said some grocers bought pork to avoid potential meat shortages resulting from holiday plant closures. U.S. government data on Monday afternoon showed the average wholesale pork price up $1.42 per cwt from Friday to $76.70, mostly because of $7.95 higher pork bellies. (Reporting by Theopolis Waters; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
March 29 The following table shows OPEC crude oil output in millions of barrels per day (bpd) in March and February, according to a Reuters survey published on Wednesday. The survey indicates output from all 13 members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries fell by 230,000 bpd in March from February's revised level. In an effort to prop up prices, OPEC started reducing its output by about 1.2 million bpd on Jan. 1 in its first supply cut decision since 2008. In March, supply from the 11 OPEC members with production targets under the deal has averaged 29.86 million bpd, down from a revised 29.97 million bpd for February, the survey showed. Compared with the levels from which they agreed to cut, in most cases their October output, the 11 members have reduced output by 1.108 million bpd of the pledged 1.164 million bpd. That equates to 95 percent compliance. The original February compliance estimate was 94 percent. February's production was revised up by 50,000 bpd because Saudi output was higher than originally thought, while Nigerian production was lower. Totals in the table below are rounded. March February Baseline Pledged Cut Compliance Jan. 1 output output for cut cut Achieved (pct)* target Algeria 1.07 1.08 1.089 50,000 19,000 38 1.039 Angola 1.61 1.66 1.751 78,000 141,000 181 1.673 Ecuador 0.53 0.53 0.548 26,000 18,000 69 0.522 Gabon 0.2 0.2 0.202 9,000 2,000 22 0.193 Iran** 3.77 3.76 3.707 -90,000 -63,000 n/a 3.797 Iraq 4.420 4.46 4.561 210,000 141,000 67 4.351 Kuwait 2.700 2.71 2.838 131,000 138,000 105 2.707 Qatar 0.62 0.63 0.648 30,000 28,000 93 0.618 Saudi Arabia 9.98 9.90 (R) 10.544 486,000 564,000 116 10.058 UAE 2.90 2.980 3.013 139,000 113,000 81 2.874 Venezuela 2.06 2.06 2.067 95,000 7,000 7 1.972 TOTAL OPEC 11 29.86 29.97 30.968 1,164,000 1,108,000 95 29.804 Libya 0.60 0.67 0.351 Nigeria 1.55 1.60 (R) 1.594 TOTAL OPEC 13 32.01 32.24 (R) 31.749*** R = Revised * Compliance is calculated by the following method in the table above: Baseline for cut minus March output = cut achieved divided by pledged cut = percentage compliance ** Iran is allowed a small increase in the deal. *** OPEC target based on the 32.50 million bpd ceiling OPEC announced on Nov. 30, 2016, minus Indonesia and using reference production figures listed in an internal OPEC document for Libya and Nigeria. The Reuters survey aims to assess crude supply to market, defined to exclude movements to, but not sales from, storage. Saudi and Kuwaiti data includes the Neutral Zone. Venezuelan data includes upgraded synthetic oil. Nigerian output includes the Agbami stream and excludes Oso and Akpo condensates. (Reporting by Alex Lawler, additional reporting by Rania El Gamal; Editing by Dale Hudson)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
* Some Asian currencies fall on profit-taking * Technical indicators show some currencies are overbought * India, Indonesia markets closed for holiday (Adds details, updates prices) By Patturaja Murugaboopathy March 28 Most emerging Asian currencies on Tuesday fell from multi-month highs the previous day as the dollar gained back a bit of strength and traders took profits on regional units. The dollar recovered from a four-month-low as anxiety over Donald Trump's setback on healthcare gave way to tentative hopes for the U.S. President's planned stimulus policies. "Today is a day of reflection and consolidation," said Stephen Innes, senior trader at OANDA, adding that there were waves of profit-taking. Technical indicators such as the Relative Strength Index showed the Taiwan dollar, the Indian rupee and the Thai baht are in the overbought zone and a few other currencies near that zone. The Malaysian ringgit declined on weak crude oil prices which were hovering near a four month low, while the South Korean won which fell earlier on the day on dollar short covering, recovered later. The Philippine peso was slightly down, due to dollar demand from corporate and foreign outflows from the equity markets. Foreigners have net sold about $130 million in Philippine equities, according to the exchange data. Markets in India and Indonesia were closed for public holidays. The dollar index was up 0.1 percent on Tuesday. It has fallen nearly 3 percent this month. If it declined another 2 percent, that would take it to levels before Donald Trump won the November election to be U.S. president. With collapse of the healthcare legislation late last week, doubts have emerged about whether Trump can pass his other reforms such as tax cuts and infrastructure spending, the bets on which the dollar rose sharply since November. While two more likely Fed rate hikes this year are expected to support the greenback, some analysts said the rate hikes are not a certainty with mounting risks ahead. Given political uncertainty, a rate hike in the United States in June is not guaranteed, and "that favours the emerging market currencies, especially the high yielders," Innes said. On Wednesday, British Prime Minister Theresa May will formally notify the European Union of Britain's intention to leave it, triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and launching two years of unprecedented negotiations. However analysts said its impact on emerging Asian currencies would be small. "EM Asia currencies are not expected to be knocked back in 'risk off' moves," Mizuho senior economist Vishnu Varathan wrote in a note. YUAN SLIP China's yuan fell 0.12 percent to 6.8843 per dollar. While other emerging Asian currencies have been volatile in line with dollar movements over the past few weeks, the yuan has been resilient. The 3-month volatility of China's yuan stood at 3.8 percent on Tuesday, the lowest among the emerging Asian currencies. "Yuan is relatively steady, ahead of the release of U.S Treasury FX report" said Qi Gao, FX strategist for Scotiabank in Singapore. The U.S. Treasury's next report on the issue is due in April. It is awaited to see if any country will be labelled a currency-manipulator. CURRENCIES VS U.S. DOLLAR Change on the day at 0730 GMT Currency The Latest bid Previous Pct Move day Japan yen 110.630 110.65 +0.02 Sing dlr 1.395 1.3932 -0.09 Taiwan dlr 30.155 30.250 +0.32 Korean won 1113.000 1112.8 -0.02 Baht 34.411 34.389 -0.06 Peso 50.175 50.12 -0.11 Rupiah* 13309.000 13309 +0.00 Rupee* 65.035 65.04 +0.00 Ringgit 4.415 4.409 -0.14 Yuan 6.885 6.8767 -0.11 * Closed for market holiday Change so far Currency The Latest bid End 2016 Pct Move Japan yen 110.630 117.07 +5.82 Sing dlr 1.395 1.4490 +3.91 Taiwan dlr 30.155 32.279 +7.04 Korean won 1113.000 1207.70 +8.51 Baht 34.411 35.80 +4.04 Peso 50.175 49.72 -0.91 Rupiah 13309.000 13470 +1.21 Rupee 65.035 67.92 +4.44 Ringgit 4.415 4.4845 +1.57 Yuan 6.885 6.9467 +0.90 (Reporting by Patturaja Murugaboopathy; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
(Repeats without changes to headline or text to edit slug)
By Anthony Boadle
BRASILIA, April 5 Drivers, users and even the speaker of Brazil's lower house of Congress on Wednesday spoke out against legislation that seeks to force significant changes to the business model of the Uber ride service in Latin America's biggest country.
Speaker Rodrigo Maia said he would seek a presidential veto if the Senate approves a bill giving cities more power over online ride-hailing, particularly by classifying them as public transport - not a private service.
The bill, which passed his chamber on Tuesday, is a "step back," Maia said, because consumers have shown there is demand for the Uber service and taxis alike.
"We need to have a balanced bill that preserves the taxis, preserves Uber and respects the interests of Brazilians who want both systems to co-exist," he told reporters.
The bill is the latest challenge to Uber Technologies in Brazil, its second-largest market worldwide. The U.S. company has already lost battles in four cities where authorities successfully regulated or taxed the service and faced everything from blockades to physical assaults by taxi drivers, who accuse it of unfair competition.
In a statement Wednesday, Uber said the bill "applies antiquated rules to new technology" and would turn Uber into a traditional cab service.
If classified as a public transport service, instead of a technology company, Uber drivers would have to obtain permits from city authorities, who could levy taxes and require insurance and pension benefits for drivers, pushing up costs.
The company could also have to report the number of drivers it uses, a figure it does not normally disclose, for social security and other possible tax obligations.
Cities could also require vehicles to have special plates, like taxis, or even oblige drivers to install taximeters, an obligation that led Uber to decide to shut down services in Denmark on April 18 if a rule there is not changed.
Uber started in Brazil in 2014 and now operates in 50 cities. In the last three months, 13 million people used Uber, a spokesman said.
Adding to Uber's woes, Spanish rival Cabify on Tuesday announced a $200 million investment in Brazil.
Cabify also criticized the ride-hailing bill, saying in a statement it would "make the model inviable."
Tony de Souza Ribeiro, an Uber driver in Brasilia, agrees.
In addition to gasoline, maintenance and the 25 percent cut of revenues that Uber charges, a city license cost of 60,000 reais would drive him off the streets, he said.
"I think Uber will not be able to survive in Brazil. It will come to an end if this goes through," Ribeiro said. (Reporting by Anthony Boadle; editing by Grant McCool)
April 5 Roche Holding Ag says
* CINtec histology test receives FDA clearance
* Roche's CINtec Histology test is the only clinically validated p16 immunohistochemistry test available globally
* test helps pathologists determine which women should receive treatment for cervical pre-cancer Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
April 13 Skanska Ab:
* Skanska signs contract for USD 35m, about SEK 310m, for ongoing project in New York City, USA
* Says to be booked in the first quarter of 2017
* Says construction began December 2016 with an estimated completion of October 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Olof Swahnberg)
March 28 Perak Transit Bhd:
* Unit entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Pasti Kenari Sdn Bhd
* Deal for total cash consideration of 8 million RGT
* Deal is not expected to have any effect on the gearing of the group for FY ending 31 Dec 2017
* Proposed acquisition of two parcels of land, both located in Mukim Belanja, Perak Source text: (bit.ly/2nHy4Ev) Further company coverage:
BRIEF-System1 says current role of COO being split into specialist leadership roles
* As part of preparations to become larger marketing services company, current role of COO is being split into specialist leadership roles
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Officers have discovered a cannabis farm worth in the region of £60,000.
A squad from Perry Barr Station executed a raid at an address on Moor Lane, Witton, last Friday (April 20), where they found 60 cannabis plants being cultivated.
The operation was shut down and a West Midlands Police spokeswoman said a 40-year-old man was arrested and has been released as investigations continue.
The spokeswoman said: “Police executed a planned warrant at an address on Moor Lane, Witton last Friday (20 April).
“Around 60 cannabis plants were found inside and the disposal team were called to dismantle the factory.
“A 40-year-old man arrested on suspicion of cannabis cultivation has been released pending further investigation as enquiries continue.”
The same day, a drugs factory worth an estimated £100,000 was discovered in the garden of a house on Round Road, Erdington.
The Sutton New Hall neighbourhood team quipped there was a job opportunity for a gardener after a discovering a lawn was ‘overgrown with weed'.
A spokeswoman for West Midlands Police said: “Police responding to information from the public, executed a warrant at an address in Round Road.
“A search of the property revealed 99 cannabis plants in one of the bedrooms, which were seized by police.
“No arrests have been made and police investigations are on-going.”
Around 100 plants were also found growing in three bedrooms and a loft after police raided a property on Heybarnes Road, Small Heath, after a tip-off.
Police are looking for two men who fled the property, while a third person has been referred on to immigration.
A West Midlands Police spokeswoman said: “Officers attended the address just after 10am on 18 April acting on community information and found a cannabis factory in three bedrooms and the loft.
“One man was detained on possession with intent to supply but released without further action and referred to immigration.
“Two other men who fled from the property are still bring sought.
“A really good team effort by all of our officers who stayed on late and worked very hard.”
March 29 Beston Global Food Company Ltd
* Parmesan cheese is back in production at murray bridge after a five-year hiatus
* gearing up for commissioning of new mozzarella line at murray bridge plant towards end of 2017.
* Began production of its first batches of popular hard cheese destined for consumers across country, and overse
* "we aim to reach 250 tonnes of hard cheese production capacity in coming 12 months"
* Parmesan production alone required five additional staff while our wider expansion in hard cheese represents 15 new local jobs
* "expecting more equipment to arrive in coming months in time for mozzarella production to begin later in year" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Elisiontec has a team of VICIDial experts. To benefit VICIDial: Contact center users with their expertise, Elision Technolab LLP has introduced a range of advanced VICIDial modules along with customization and custom development services.
Contact
Elision TechnoLab LLP
***@gmail.com Elision TechnoLab LLP
End
-- lision Technolab LLP is an India based VoIP Solution Provider Company. The company has been offering client centric services and innovative solutions in the VoIP industry for more than a decade. Recently, a spokesperson of the company made an announcement about their range of VICIDial modules to benefit existingusers. Furthermore, the spokesperson announced to offer VICIDial customization and custom module development services to benefit VICIDial users with their expertise in VICIDial solution.Elision Technolab LLP has a team of VICIDial experts who has hands on skills in the stated contact center solution. By using this expertise, they have developed a range of unique VICIDial modules which can improve the working model of a call center, customer care center and customer support centers. Furthermore, these modules will add those missing features of the stated open source call center software, which are required as demand of dynamic business or consumer nature."VICIDial has been one of the most popular open source solutions since its inception. In fact, this is the only popular contact center solution which is open source. It offers almost all simple to advanced feature to a call center or customer support center for their routine work. However, there can be a few advanced requirements or a few required features to support day to day work of a call center or a customer support center which are missing in the original VICIDial: Call Center Software. To provide this additional functionality we have developed a range of features which can be integrated into an existing VICIDial solution to enhance the functionality and add additional features in it.", stated the spokesperson of Elision Technolab LLP.Below is the list of offered VICIDial custom modules developed by Elisiontec and can be integrated to add additional features and functionality in the stated open source contact center solution:- SMS Module- Email Module- Survey Module- Soundboard Module- Custom Billing Module- Disposition Bucket (Automated Disposition messages to be chosen from to make the agent's work of addition disposition easier and faster)- Sticky Agent (To route wcj call to same agent a customer talked with last time or on frequent basis)- Custom recording module- Advanced Security module (Provides software to server level security)- Graphics ReportsAccording to the added details by the spokesperson of the company along with these custom modules, the company will also provide VICIDial customization and custom module development services to meet the dynamic needs of their customers and prospects. The company is the proud leader of a team of Expert VICIDial developers who can develop any kind of simple to advanced module or application in VICIDial. Along with these services, Elision Technolab LLP also offers VICIDial support and dedicated VICIDial developer hiring models to benefit their customers across the globe.To know more about the offered custom VICIDial modules from Elision Technolab LLP, feel free to visit http://www.elisiontec.com/ vicidial-goautodial- solution/
March 31 Bdo Unibank Inc
* Refers to news article titled “This one's for the books: BDO branch in Cebu paid only P35 in taxes for 2015” posted in BusinessMirror
* BDO confirms that it has complied with all legal requirements for the issuance of business permits in favor of its branches in Cebu City
* Confirms financial projections indicated in article Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Scotland centre Mark Bennett has been ruled out for up to a year after undergoing surgery to reconstruct his anterior cruciate ligament, the Scottish Rugby Union confirmed on Wednesday.
Bennett, who has 23 caps for Scotland and will join Edinburgh from Glasgow Warriors next season, injured his knee during Scotland's 61-21 defeat by England in the Six Nations last month.
"Mark Bennett has undergone ACL reconstruction at BMI Ross Hall Hospital in Glasgow. He is expected to be out of action for 9-12 months," the Scottish Rugby Union said in a statement.
Scotland backrower Josh Strauss, who injured his kidney against France in February, is also likely to have played his last game for the Warriors ahead of his move to Sale Sharks for next season.
"We're disappointed that Mark's time at the club has come to an end in this way, and it also looks like Josh may not play for us again as he continues his graduated return to training," Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend said.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
LONDON John Lewis, Britain's largest department store operator, is hopeful any downturn in consumer spending will see history repeat itself with a "flight to quality" rather than consumers opting to trade down, its new boss said on Thursday.
Managing Director Paula Nickolds said that in Britain's last recession at the time of the financial crisis in 2008 its shoppers did not necessarily trade down to cheaper alternatives but sought fewer, better quality products, helping the retailer gain market share.
John Lewis, as with all British retailers, is having to deal with rising costs due to the pound's depreciation in the wake of last year's vote to leave the European Union, intense competition and the continuing shift of trade from shops to online.
There have also been some signs recently that shoppers are now feeling the impact of rising inflation eroding earnings growth.
"What we saw in 2008 was quite an interesting shift for our customers - it was more a flight to quality than it was a trading down," Nickolds told reporters on Thursday, noting the firm had won market share every year since 2008.
"It remains to be seen what will happen this time round but my suspicion is people will be much more thoughtful about buying once and buying well and retailers will have to work harder to entice people to spend," she said.
"In many respects ... that's a good thing. It forces retailers to really up their game."
Nickolds, a 23-year John Lewis veteran and the first woman to run the 152-year old, employee-owned, chain, succeeded Andy Street as managing director in January.
Street, MD for a decade, quit the post to contest the election of the mayor of the West Midlands, a region of central England, for the ruling Conservative Party.
For the eight weeks to March 25 John Lewis' sales were up 0.6 percent, which analysts estimate equates to a like-for-like sales fall of 1.5 percent, partly reflecting the earlier fall of Mothers Day and Easter this year compared to last year.
"I don't think it will be until the early and middle of May before we're really able to tell what's happening at an underlying level," said Nickolds.
She said higher input costs should not be taken to mean automatically higher prices for shoppers, due to the competitive nature of the market.
She also noted that John Lewis' 'Never Knowingly Undersold' price-matching pledge meant it would be "the last to move on pricing."
Detailing her plans for the chain she set a target of 50 percent of what John Lewis sells being exclusive to the retailer or own brand, up from "high 30s" currently.
By 2020 the retailer expects half of its sales to be made online.
Nickolds also warned there would be more job losses at John Lewis but declined to provide any numbers.
(Reporting by James Davey; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The number of people being treated for substance misuse problems are at their highest level in more than 10 years in Sandwell.
In 2015/16. 1.546 adults in the area had at least one episode of treatment for substance misuse.
This is up 7.3 per cent from 1,441 in 2014/15, reaching the highest level since at least 2005/06.
The number seeking treatment in 2015/16 is more than double the 737 who were treated in 2005/06.
The rise may be being driven by over 55s, with the number being treated doubling from 66 in 2014/15 to 134 in 2015/16.
In Birmingham, the number of adults being treated dropped 21.5 per cent from 8,771 in 2014/15 to 6,884 in 2015/16.
This is when you can SAFELY drive after drinking the night before
Across England, 261.261 people had at least one episode of substance misuse treatment in 2015/16.
This is down 11.5 per cent from 295,222 in 2013/14, according to figures released after Freedom of Information request to Public Health England.
The number aged 18 to 24 seeking treatment has dropped by a 11 per cent, from 21,702 in 2014/15 to 19,291 in 2015/16.
While among people aged 25 to 34, the drop was 40 per cent, down from 80,433 in 2014/15 to 48,323 in 2015/16.
However, the number of people aged over 35 with at least one episode of substance misuse treatment in 2015/16 was at its highest level since at least 2005/06.
The increase has seen the number rise to 193,647, up from 193,057 in the previous year.
São Paulo, April 6 Brazil securities watchdog suspended the initial public offering of Azul SA, which was slated to price later on Thursday, saying the airline gave investors information that was not contained in the transaction's prospectus.
Azul declined to comment.
In a statement, the watchdog known as CVM said the suspension would take effect for up to 30 days.
The watchdog said in the statement that the suspension could be revoked if Azul and the underwriters of the deal fixed a series of irregularities including the disclosure of investor demand for the transaction and of information that was not present in official documents.
(Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal)
A US Air Force F-16 receives fuel from a fuel boom suspended from a US Air Force KC-10 Extender during mid-air refueling support to Operation Inherent Resolve over Iraq and Syria airspace, March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump's administration has informed Congress of its plan to pursue the $5 billion sale to Bahrain of 19 Lockheed Martin F-16 aircraft and related equipment, which was held up last year by concerns about human rights, a congressional source said on Wednesday.
The State Department originally notified Congress of the sale last September during President Barack Obama's administration. It was pulled back because of concerns that Bahrain had not made promised improvements to its human rights record.
The Trump administration has separated the human rights issues from the transfer, the source said.
Members of Congress were not immediately available to comment on whether they would object to the sale over human rights concerns this time.
The $4.867 billion sale includes the aircraft, 23 engines, radars and other avionics, air-to-air and air-to-ground ordnance and related equipment.
The latest notice sent to Congress provides for 40 days of additional congressional review, then a formal notice to Congress as required by the Arms Export Control Act, after which the licenses for the sale would be approved.
Lockheed Martin declined comment.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Additional reporting by Mike Stone; Editing by Peter Cooney)
April 13 Aedes SIIQ SpA:
* Said on Wednesday it signed a contract with professional investors for the issue of a non converible bond for 15 million euros ($16.00 million)
* Bond to be issued and/or subscribed in Q2 2017 with maturity in Q4 2018, which can be extended for further 18 months
* Bond has a fixed 5 pct interest rate
Source text: www.1info.it
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9373 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Adds reaction from company)
LIMA, March 30 Workers at Peru's biggest copper mine, Freeport-McMoRan Inc's Cerro Verde, will resume work on Friday after voting to end a nearly three-week strike that had halved output, the union said on Thursday.
The union accepted the company's offer to improve family healthcare benefits and pay workers their portion of the mine's profits earlier than usual, union leader Jesus Revilla said.
Freeport said that it was pleased workers would return to work on Friday.
The union has said that the strike had disrupted the mine's output of some 40,000 tonnes of copper per month, though the company said there was no material impact on production.
The announcement follows the end to a historic 43-day strike at the world's biggest copper mine in neighboring Chile last week.
It comes amid expectations that Freeport might soon resume exports from its Grasberg copper mine in Indonesia.
Freeport owns a 53.56 percent stake in Cerro Verde. Sumitomo Metal Mining Co Ltd has a 21 percent stake in the mine, and Buenaventura 19.58 percent. (Reporting by Marco Aquino; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Bill Rigby)
April 12 Hefei Fengle Seed Co Ltd :
* Sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 4.8 million yuan to 5.8 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 14.2 million yuan
* Says that decreased gross margin rate in seed business sector and decreased net profit from hotel service business as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/exDqox
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
JAKARTA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The chief of Indonesia's investment board said on Friday frequent and abrupt changes in regulations were discouraging foreign investors from putting money into Southeast Asia's biggest economy.
Earlier this week, Thomas Lembong warned that Indonesia is “still losing out” to neighbours such as the Philippines, Vietnam and Thailand.
Lembong, head of the Investment Coordinating Board, told reporters on Friday it is common knowledge that “sudden and constant changes in regulations create instability that is hard for any investor who's willing to take a risk with their capital”.
“Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia have more stable regulations,” he said.
Foreign investors have applauded some efforts by the government to streamline regulations, but say there are still too many restrictive regulations and a stifling bureaucracy.
Indonesia's economy has been growing at about 5 percent annually in recent years, but policymakers have been frustrated by an inability to speed up the pace, partly due to sluggish consumption and tepid investment.
Last year, Indonesia recorded 8.5 percent more foreign direct investment (FDI) in rupiah terms than it attracted in 2016.
For 2017, FDI in sectors excluding banking and oil and gas was 430.5 trillion rupiah ($32 billion). For 2016, it reported an 8.4 percent increase in rupiah terms.
Indonesia has sought to scale back a so-called “negative investment list” that restricts or caps sectors open to foreign investors. In February 2016, President Joko Widodo's administration opened up sectors ranging from e-commerce and telecommunication equipment in a move dubbed “Big Bang”.
But Widodo's pledge to revise the list further is yet to materialise.
The revision “is in process. The president has instructed us to evaluate this but let's abide by the existing one for now,” Trade Minister Enggartiasto Lukita said on Friday.
On Wednesday, Widodo warned that Indonesia was losing out to neighbours in export markets.
“This big country of Indonesia is inferior to Thailand in terms of exports. With enormous resources and human resources, we are losing. There is something wrong and something has to be changed,” the state news agency Antara quoted him as saying in a speech at the Trade Ministry.
Lukita said overcomplicated regulations and red tape were also obstructing foreign trade agreements. Indonesia had only reached one free trade deal in the past eight years, with Chile, he said.
One hundred and nine corps members posted to Jigawa in the Batch `A' Stream have been redeployed to other states, according to Mr Michael Amolo, NYSC Coordinator in the state.
Amolo disclosed this on Monday in Dutse, when NYSC Director General, Brig-Gen. Zakari Kazaure, paid an inspection visit to the NYSC camp.
“Among those redeployed were 25 pregnant women, 11 nursing mothers and 73 others with health challenges,” Amolo said.
He said that the affected corps members were redeployed after management considered their pleas and found them genuine and legitimate.
According to him, 1,767 corps members were registered, compromising 1,278 males 489 females.
In his response, Kazaure, who was represented by Mrs. Adetun Makinde, Director, Human Resources Management, NYSC headquarters, Abuja, advised corps members to respect the religion, culture and tradition of their host communities.
He also urged them to take advantage of the Skill Acquisition and Entrepreneurship Development (SAED) programme to prepare for a more productive life after the service.
(John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2oi5fi3
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2oi1YPy
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2nZYkHq
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2nxixIt
* Chart 5: tmsnrt.rs/2nZRlOX
By John Kemp
LONDON, April 10 Hedge funds have turned bullish towards crude oil again as international marker prices have steadied above the psychologically important $50 threshold.
Hedge funds and other money managers increased their net long position in the three main Brent and WTI futures and options contracts by 54 million barrels in the week to April 4.
The boost in the net long position comes after five consecutive weeks of drawdowns between Feb. 21 and March 28 totalling 309 million barrels. (tmsnrt.rs/2oi5fi3)
By April 4, fund managers held an overall long position equivalent to 696 million barrels, according to an analysis of position data published by regulators and exchanges. (tmsnrt.rs/2oi1YPy)
The position is well below the recent peak of 951 million barrels reported on Feb. 21 but far above the recent low of 422 million recorded in mid-November before OPEC's production deal.
Hedge fund managers remain overwhelming bullish about the outlook for oil prices. Fund managers' long positions outnumber shorts by a ratio of more than 4:1. (tmsnrt.rs/2nZYkHq)
Hedge fund managers' faith in the outlook for oil prices was badly shaken by the sharp sell-off that started on March 8 and lasted through subsequent sessions.
But managers seem to have recaptured some of that confidence after front-month Brent prices found a floor just above $50 per barrel on March 27. (tmsnrt.rs/2nxixIt)
Funds added the equivalent of 30 million barrels of extra long positions in Brent and WTI between March 28 and April 4.
The stabilisation and subsequent rise in prices also prompted a wave of short-covering, with funds cutting short positions by a total of 24 million barrels.
Short positions had previously more than doubled to 241 million barrels on March 28 from 102 million on Feb. 21 in the sixth cycle of short-selling since the start of 2015.
But with prices no longer falling, and new buyers emerging, many short position owners decided to take profits, accelerating the upward move in prices.
If hedge funds have shifted to closing out short positions after just five weeks, which seems likely, this will be the briefest and shallowest short-selling cycle since the start of 2015. (tmsnrt.rs/2nZRlOX) (Editing by Jason Neely)
Australia is one of the world's most beloved travel destinations, and why not - the weather's good, the scenery is great and Aussies are alright, most of the time.
Who wouldn't have an excellent time on holiday in Australia?
This guy, apparently.
Norwegian traveller Lars Fevang said he did not have a good time during his six-week trip to Australia and posted a bunch of miserable holiday snaps on Imgur to prove it.
The photos captured Fevang with the same unimpressed expression as he visited iconic sights such as Sydney's Bondi Beach, Victoria's Great Ocean Road and Queensland's Australia Zoo.
And for extra measure, the unhappy traveller - using the Imgur username Boedith - captioned each photo with not-so-glowing reviews of each location.
"Bondi Beach in Sydney, not at all like on TV," he said of our most famous stretch of coast.
"Melbourne was just buildings," he said about our dazzling Victorian capital.
"Heard the Great Ocean Road was amazing, was just some stupid rocks," he said of what should have been the best road trip of his life.
"So I got out of there," he concluded. "Australia sucks."
Continued below.
Related Content Small Business: Empowering youth through positivity - YouthXco Editorial: Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish The pain deepens
The 29-year-old's appraisal of his holiday was a hit, with more than 630,000 people checking out his Imgur snaps.
Explaining himself, and so he should, Fevang said he headed to Australia hoping to unwind after spending "six years in a military uniform".
And it turned out he actually loved every bit of his trip.
"I took those selfies and sent [them] back to my friends in Norway while I was travelling," said Fevang, from Toensberg, Norway, according to the Irish Examiner.
"They were quite jealous of my trip, so I tried to convince them that they were not missing out on anything.
"They didn't buy it and became more jealous every time I sent them a new selfie, so I kept doing it. It was only ... when I was looking through some photos on my laptop that I thought of posting them on Imgur."
Fevang admitted he had a pretty sarcastic sense of humour.
"Maybe we have seen enough perfect smiling selfies from people in front of famous tourist spots," he said.
- news.com.au
WASHINGTON Russia mounted a campaign of "propaganda on steroids" seeking to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election, the top Democrat on the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said on Thursday, listing several areas of concern about possible links to Republican Donald Trump's campaign.
In Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin again denied that Russia tried to influence the election, but in doing so he made reference to the wrong U.S. president in answering a question at an Arctic forum.
"Once, Reagan, while discussing, I think, taxes, told the Americans: 'Read my lips: ‘No!'"
His reply recalled what George H.W. Bush told Americans during his 1988 presidential election campaign, "Read my lips: No new taxes."
Trump has dismissed suggestions of links with Moscow as Democratic Party sour grapes about his surprise November defeat of the party's candidate, Hillary Clinton. U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia hacked emails of senior Democrats and orchestrated the release of embarrassing information to hurt Clinton's campaign.
"I will not prejudge the outcome of our investigation," Senator Mark Warner told an intelligence committee hearing on the allegations. "We are seeking to determine if there is an actual fire, but so far there is a great, great deal of smoke."
Putin also said on Thursday that contacts Russian diplomats had made in the United States were merely part of routine work.
At the hearing, lawmakers warned of the danger that Russia could interfere in elections in France and Germany this year and in future U.S. campaigns. Cybersecurity experts at the rare day-long public hearing detailed what they described as the dissemination of disinformation and cyberattacks on both Democratic political operatives and Republicans.
Lawmakers and cyber experts mentioned stories that were being spread to discredit German Chancellor Angela Merkel. And they said Britain's "Brexit" vote last year on leaving the European Union should be examined.
Clinton Watts, a security consultant and former FBI agent, told Senator Marco Rubio, a Republican committee member, that he may have been a victim of Russian activity during his unsuccessful campaign for the 2016 Republican nomination against Trump.
Rubio later said he would not comment. But he told the hearing that in July 2016, after he announced he would run for re-election to the Senate, former members of his presidential campaign team were targeted by an unsuccessful cyberattack from Russia.
He said former campaign staffers were also targeted unsuccessfully from within Russia within the past 24 hours.
'CAPABLE ADVERSARY'
"We're all targets of a sophisticated and capable adversary," said Senator Richard Burr, a Republican who heads the intelligence committee.
Democrat Warner, who was a technology executive before entering politics, described a sweeping Russian campaign using trolls and botnets, or networks of hacked or infected devices, to spread large amounts of disinformation.
The campaign of "fake news" was particularly targeted at traditionally Democratic-leaning states such as Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, where Trump defeated Clinton by narrow margins that were not predicted by opinion polls, he said.
"This Russian 'propaganda on steroids' was designed to poison the national conversation in America," Warner said.
Citing concerns to be addressed in the committee's probe, Warner listed the prediction by a Trump associate about the release of hacked emails weeks before they were released, a change in the Republican Party's platform to water down language on Ukraine, and Trump's campaign manager, Paul Manafort, and other Trump associates being forced to step down over ties to Russia.
A separate investigation in the House of Representatives into the intelligence agencies' allegations of a Russian role in the U.S. election has become mired in controversy over accusations that its Republican chairman, Trump ally Devin Nunes, is not impartial.
Nunes and Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House committee, met on Thursday to discuss their investigation. Schiff said the two had discussed obtaining documents before deciding which witnesses to call in.
The New York Times reported on Thursday that two White House officials played a role in providing Nunes with documents the Republican committee chairman cited to show Trump and his associates were swept up in surveillance by U.S. intelligence.
Trump said Nunes' comments about the surveillance helped justify his insistence, made without evidence, that former President Barack Obama had wiretapped Trump Tower in New York, his campaign headquarters.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; additional reporting by Dustin Volz and Tim Ahmann in Washington and Vladimir Soldatkin in Moscow; Editing by Alistair Bell and Grant McCool)
FILE PHOTO: Officials of Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) unveil the nose of amphibious aircraft AG600, during a ceremony at a factory in Chengdu, Sichuan province March 17, 2015. REUTERS/China Daily
SHANGHAI China's domestically developed AG600, the world's largest amphibious aircraft, will make its maiden flight in late May from the southern city of Zhuhai, the official Xinhua news agency said on Thursday.
China has stepped up research on advanced military equipment as it adopts a more muscular approach to territorial disputes in places such as the busy South China Sea waterway, rattling nerves in the Asia-Pacific region and the United States.
The aircraft will take its first flight over land and then another on water in the second half of 2017, Xinhua said, citing its manufacturer, state-owned Aviation Industry Corp. of China (AVIC).
AVIC has spent almost eight years developing the aircraft, which is roughly the size of a Boeing 737 and is designed to carry out marine rescues and battle forest fires.
The aircraft has received 17 expressions of interest so far, Xinhua added. It has a maximum flight range of 4,500 km (2, 800 miles) and a maximum take-off weight of 53.5 tonnes.
China is in the midst of a massive military modernisation programme, ranging from testing anti-satellite missiles to building stealth fighters and the country's first indigenous aircraft carrier, to add to an existing one bought from Ukraine.
The new carrier could be launched soon, state media have reported, though it is likely to be several years before it fully enters service.
On Thursday, Chinese Defence Ministry spokesman Wu Qian told a monthly news briefing the outfitting of the new carrier was proceeding smoothly and people would not have to wait long for more "good news". But he did not elaborate.
(THis version of the story has been refiled to remove extraneous word "said" in paragraph 8)
(Reporting by Brenda Goh; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Corrects reference to Saudi Kayan to show that Q1 earnings beat, not missed, estimates)
DUBAI, April 30 Stock markets in the Gulf may slip on Sunday after global bourses edged down at the end of last week, though strong first-quarter earnings at a major Saudi Arabian petrochemical producer may buoy other producers there.
World stock markets fell slightly on Friday as U.S. equities retreated after a soft reading of first-quarter economic growth. Brent oil futures closed at $51.73 a barrel, down slightly for the week.
"The softer mood in global markets and generally low oil prices will keep Gulf markets trading in a tight range," said a Dubai-based asset manager.
So far, first-quarter earnings in the Gulf have done little to move markets aggressively.
Saudi Kayan Petrochemical, however, reported a net profit of 265.5 million riyals ($70.8 million) in the first quarter; NCB Capital had predicted a quarterly profit of 121 million riyals. In the prior-year period, Saudi Kayan made a net loss of 195 million riyals.
The producer attributed the return to profit to higher sales volumes and product prices, which led to a 58 percent jump in revenue. But it is not clear these trends will continue, given the recent weakness of oil prices.
Most Saudi petrochemical firms have not yet reported earnings but are expected to do so in coming days; the regulator granted companies an additional 15 days to report quarterly earnings as they migrate to IFRS reporting standards from local standards. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
Police sirens (Photo: News Journal file photo)
Pensacola Police Chief Tommi Lyter's wife was sentenced Friday to three years of probation for keying a woman's car at a local restaurant.
Brenda Lyter entered a no contest plea before Judge John Miller Friday morning after taking a plea agreement from the state.
On July 7, the victim said she had parked at The Fish House's gravel lot the night before between 10 p.m. and 12:30 a.m.
She said when she came out, she saw scratches to the passenger side, driver side and hood of the vehicle, which looked like somebody had used a key to scratch the car.
More: City Council confirms Tommi Lyter as PPD chief
A handwritten note was left on the victim's windshield from a man who said he saw the suspect. The witness had a picture of a golf cart the suspect had driven by in, and he described to police that it was a white female. The witness heard screeching noises and then saw her walk away and into the restaurant with a key protruding from her closed fist. The witness later identified Lyter in a photo lineup.
The victim said she knew Lyter, saying she had a history of animosity toward the victim.
Lyter didn't give any testimony before she was sentenced Friday, and Miller followed the terms within the plea agreement.
He said Lyter has no criminal history, and a three-year probation sentence is the same sentence he would give to anyone in her circumstances, despite their position in the community.
More: New PPD chief to focus on community outreach, traffic safety
"You haven't been treated any better or any worse than anyone else," Miller said.
If Lyter can successfully complete probation, adjudication will be withheld on her record. A term of that probation is that she cannot have any direct or indirect communication with the victim.
Court records show the victim in the case has brought forward a domestic relations case listed under 'stalking' on the Escambia County court website. That case is set for hearing next month.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/10/06/police-chiefs-wife-sentenced-probation-keying-cars-fish-house/738882001/
(Reuters) - More than half of patients with advanced multiple myeloma who had run out of therapeutic options remained in complete remission after receiving bluebird bio Inc's experimental gene-modifying immunotherapy in a small, early stage study, according to updated data released on Sunday.
Of 18 patients who received a therapeutic dose of bb2121, all but one responded to the treatment, a 94 percent response rate, while 56 percent remained in remission with a median follow-up of 40 weeks after treatment.
Researchers, who reported the data at the American Society of Hematology meeting in Atlanta, said the initial response to the treatment was very quick and that many of the patients continued to improve over time.
Patients in the Phase I dose-escalation study had received seven prior treatment regimens, including regimens with the newest multiple myeloma drugs, such as Johnson & Johnson's Darzalex, and had undergone at least one stem cell transplant before receiving bb2121, which is being co-developed with Celgene Corp.
“Some of these patients were going to hospice until they got this,” said Dr. Jesus Berdeja, the study's lead investigator.
“This is unheard of, something that we haven't seen with any drugs approved for myeloma in this type of population. The excitement among all the myeloma providers is crazy,” said Berdeja, director of myeloma research at the Sarah Cannon Center for Blood Cancer in Nashville.
bb2121 belongs to a potentially revolutionary new type of one-time treatment called CAR-T therapy that involves genetic manipulation of a patient's immune system. A patient's own disease-fighting T-cells are harvested and genetically reengineered to target specific proteins on cancer cells before being replaced so they can circulate seeking out and attacking the cancer, possibly for years.
The first two CAR-T therapies from Novartis and Gilead Sciences, through its acquisition of Kite Pharma, were approved earlier this year for other blood cancers.
Three patients who received what proved to be sub-optimal doses of cells early in the bb2121 study died. Of the 18 who received higher doses, four patients have now experienced disease progression, while 14 continue to respond, researchers reported.
The treatment was very well tolerated for a CAR-T product, Berdeja said.
Only two patients experienced serious cytokine release syndrome with no reports of serious brain toxicity, both common side effects of CAR-T treatment. The most serious side effect was neutropenia, or very low white blood cell count, researchers said.
While this was a small Phase I study, the results were considered so impressive that Celgene plans to begin enrolling patients this month for a larger, potentially pivotal trial that could position bb2121 to become the third approved CAR-T.
“They're hitting it so far out of the park that they're not wasting any time,” Berdeja said.
WASHINGTON Representative Mike Conaway's new role leading the House Intelligence Committee investigation into the Trump team's ties to Russia has plunged the low-profile legislator into one of the most contentious issues in Congress and the country.
Republicans and Democrats both praised his selection. He has administrative experience as a committee chairman, and familiarity with delicate subjects after leading the House Ethics Committee from 2013 to 2015.
"I like him. I hope he can get us back on track," Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democratic committee member, said in a brief interview outside the U.S. House of Representatives.
While Conaway, 68, has ties to mainstream Republicans and a long association with the Bush political family, the former accountant from Texas was a strong Trump supporter during the 2016 campaign.
In 2016, Conaway backed Trump, citing the candidate's choice of Mike Pence as his vice president, his promise to appoint conservative Supreme Court justices and the congressman's own vehement opposition to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
But unlike Devin Nunes - who on Thursday stepped down as leader of the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election, including possible collusion with Trump associates - Conaway was not a member of the incoming president's transition team. Russia denies the allegations.
Conaway is considered less partisan than some other Republican committee members such as Trey Gowdy, the chairman of the House Select Committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya. Democrats accused Gowdy of running a partisan inquiry that focussed on former Secretary of State Clinton in an effort to damage her 2016 presidential campaign.
In his statement announcing he would step aside, Nunes said Gowdy and another Republican committee member, Tom Rooney, would also be leaders of the Russia investigation.
Fox News reported that Nunes called Conaway on Wednesday night.
Nevertheless, some Conaway comments about the Russia investigation have raised eyebrows.
During a March 20 committee hearing, he asked FBI Director James Comey whether Washington Post reporters had helped intelligence agencies write their assessment that Moscow was seeking to help Trump win the election.
And in a January interview with the Dallas Morning News, he seemed to make light of the alleged Russian meddling in the election, saying it and the Democrats' use of Mexican singers to entertain their voters were both "foreign interference."
Although he also serves as chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, Conaway has kept a low profile, and is better known for his close ties to the Bush family than the media spotlight.
First elected to the House in 2004, and easily re-elected six times, Conaway is the second-ranking Republican on the intelligence panel.
House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Thursday that he had faith in Conaway. "I am confident that he will oversee a professional investigation into Russia's actions and follow the facts wherever they may lead," Ryan said.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by John Walcott and Jonathan Oatis)
(Repeats May 2 column. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* China imports from the Philippines tmsnrt.rs/2p0SLIM
By Andy Home
LONDON, May 2 Nickel has gone from bull hero to zero in the space of just a couple of months.
In early March, when London nickel was trading above $11,000 per tonne, it was the best performer among the major base metals traded on the London Metal Exchange (LME).
At a current $9,510 per tonne, it is now down 4 percent on the start of the year and vying with tin for worst performer.
Early exuberance has run aground on the shifting sands of politics in the Philippines and Indonesia, two suppliers of nickel raw materials to China's massive stainless steel sector.
What seemed a straightforward narrative of supply shortfall has become ever problematic in recent weeks.
The International Nickel Study Group (INSG) is still forecasting a supply-usage deficit this year but it has just trimmed its expectations and adjusted its deficit calculation for 2016.
Moreover, even if the INSG's assessment of a 40,000-tonne production shortfall this year proves correct, there is the not so little issue of stocks, both in LME warehouses and in China.
Graphic on China's imports of nickel ore from the Philippines: tmsnrt.rs/2p0SLIM
SHIFTING SANDS
The bull narrative for nickel appeared clear-cut.
Indonesia, previously the major supplier of nickel ore to nickel pig iron (NPI) producers in China, had stopped all shipments at the beginning of 2014.
The Philippines, which emerged to fill the resulting gap, then generated a second supply shock in the form of eco-warrior turned environmental minister Regina Lopez.
Lopez ordered the suspension or closure of almost half the country's mines, many of them nickel producers, on charges of environmental degradation.
The impact is already showing in China's trade figures.
Shipments of nickel ore from the Philippines drop over the October-March rainy season every year but the amount of material imported in the first quarter of this year, 2.32 million tonnes, is the lowest since 2012, when the country was still a second-tier supplier after Indonesia.
However, just when trade flows seem to be confirming nickel's bull credentials, the narrative is starting to unravel.
Affected nickel producers in the Philippines are fighting back, both legally and politically, and Lopez' future is far from certain with a showdown looming in the form of the firebrand's Senate confirmation hearing on Wednesday.
Events in the Philippines, though, have been overtaken by those in Indonesia.
Because Indonesia has part reversed its ban on ore shipments by allowing some producers, first and foremost Aneka Tambang , to export stocks of nickel ore.
There was a suggestion that shipments had already resumed but the 300,000 tonnes of Indonesian ore that apparently landed in China in January and February seems to have been a misclassification by the Chinese customs authorities.
Not so with the 50,800 tonnes of ore that has just arrived at the Chinese port of Lianyungang in the province of Jiangsu, according to local specialist news service Shanghai Metals Market. The shipment, made by Zhenshi Holding Group, is the first official arrival of Indonesian ore since the January 2014 ban, according to SMM.
More will come.
Aneka Tambang is sitting on over five million tonnes of nickel ore and has just applied for an export license for an additional 3.7 million tonnes over and above the 2.7 million that have already been approved for export.
Remember that these exports will supplement the ever-growing amount of nickel pig iron that is now being exported from Indonesia to China thanks to the build-out of processing capacity in the country.
That was, after all, the purpose of the original ban, and the resulting flow of interim product continues to increase, more than doubling to 232,000 tonnes in the first quarter.
SMALLER DEFICIT, BIG STOCKS
Given such startling shifts and turns in the raw materials story, pity the statisticians at the INSG who have to try and weave a coherent overview of what is happening in the nickel market.
The Group has just issued its latest assessments, tweaking the production side of the balance sheet higher.
As a result, the supply deficits of 67,000 tonnes and 66,000 tonnes calculated for 2016 and 2017 at the time of its last meeting in October have been trimmed to 38,000 and 40,000 tonnes respectively.
Whichever figure you want to take, these calculated deficits are small relative to the size of global nickel stocks.
The amount of nickel sitting in the LME warehouse network currently stands at 379,182 tonnes. Last year's downtrend, which saw inventory fall by 69,000 tonnes, has dissipated. Indeed, LME stocks are now up by over 7,000 tonnes on the start of the year.
It is true that those registered with the Shanghai Futures Exchange have declined by almost 9,600 tonnes to 84,334 tonnes.
But the ebb and flow between London and Shanghai stocks seems to reflect little more than the shifting arbitrage between the two markets.
Taken in the round, total visible stocks at a current 463,500 tonnes are largely unchanged on the start of the year.
There may, moreover, be a significant amount of legacy stock sitting in the statistical shadows beyond the reporting reach of the exchanges.
ALL ABOUT ORE?
Nickel's bull story was all about the supply of ore to China and hence dependent on a continued Indonesian ban and a mass shutdown of mining capacity in the Philippines.
With Indonesia now effecting a partial about-turn in export policy and the state of Philippine play still highly uncertain, a previously straightforward narrative has become increasingly complicated.
But the real problem for nickel bulls may have been the collective focus on just one strand in the supply chain.
The more collective hopes were pinned on the disruption of nickel ore as a determinant of future price, the less incentive anyone else had to trim production during the long price decline that took place between 2011 and 2016.
Nickel, it turned out, was surprisingly price inelastic and that, as much as the vagaries of ore supply politics, may yet turn out to be the real hindrance to higher prices.
Whatever the statistical niceties of this year's supply-demand balance, the final figure is still going to be dwarfed by the amount of stocks accumulated over the last few years.
(Editing by Susan Thomas)
LONDON WPP (WPP.L), the world's largest advertising agency, will cut the amount it pays its chief executive and founder Martin Sorrell to no more than 19 million pounds ($24.6 million) after an investor backlash sparked by previous record payouts.
In its annual report released on Friday, the company said the maximum Sorrell would receive this year would be well below the 48 million pounds he received in 2016 and the 70 million pounds in 2015 - one of the biggest ever payouts in Britain.
Sorrell's pay is being reduced as the company moves to a different incentive scheme.
WPP has outperformed its rivals in recent years but the scale of Sorrell's rewards has riled some investors. A third of shareholders refused to back the 70 million pound package at a fractious meeting in June last year.
One of the best known businessmen in Britain, Sorrell built the advertising group WPP from a two-man operation in a London office in 1985 to one that now dominates the industry with around 134,000 staff in more than 100 countries.
He says that during his 30 years in charge he has put his own money into the firm and reinvested nearly all his income to buy WPP stock, meaning all his wealth and interests are tied up in the future of the company.
Executive pay is a hot political topic in Britain after Prime Minister Theresa May vowed to use her time in office to help those who voted for Brexit in protest at "out of touch" elites and inequality.
WPP reported first quarter results that were slightly below forecasts on Thursday, held back by a weaker performance in North America.
($1 = 0.7733 pounds)
(Reporting by Kate Holton; Editing by Keith Weir)
FILE PHOTO: The sign at a Pizza Hut location, which is owned by Yum Brands Inc, is pictured ahead of their company results in Pasadena, California U.S., July 11, 2016. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A Taco Bell fast food restaurant, which is owned by Yum Brands Inc, is pictured ahead of their company results in Pasadena, California, U.S., July 11, 2016. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Yum Brands Inc (YUM.N) posted a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by lower taxes, vigorous sales of Taco Bell's Naked Chicken Chalupas and lower costs at KFC restaurants.
Shares of the company were up 2.7 percent at $68.13 in midday trading on Wednesday.
Sales rose 8 percent at Taco Bell restaurants open for more than a year, topping the 3.7 percent growth expected by analysts polled by research firm Consensus Metrix.
That sales figure at the company's "cult brand" was boosted by $1 Double Stacked Tacos, the return of the Triple Double Crunchwrap and the sale of more than 25 million Naked Chicken Chalupas, which are tacos in a fried chicken shell.
Taco Bell traffic rose 5 percent during the first quarter, bucking a stubborn restaurant industry slump that is nagging major brands including McDonald's Corp (MCD.N).
Yum Brands Chief Executive Officer Greg Creed promised to sell more Naked products, saying "we'd be crazy not to," with soon-to-be launched Naked Chicken Chips that will be served with nacho cheese dipping sauce.
KFC's same-store sales growth of 2 percent missed analysts' estimates, while its operating profit jumped 12 percent on lower costs resulting from restaurant sales to franchisees.
The fried chicken chain, which contributes almost half of Yum's operating profit, recently debuted actor Rob Lowe as its new Colonel Sanders mascot. It is also catching up with rivals by switching to chicken raised without medically important antibiotics.
Pizza Hut continued to struggle, reporting a 3 percent drop in same-store sales, its third straight quarterly decline, even as rival Domino's Pizza Inc (DPZ.N) last week reported domestic growth of 10.2 percent.
Yum and Pizza Hut franchisees this month struck a deal that includes $130 million in corporate marketing and technology investments.
Yum Brands' income from continuing operations rose 24 percent to $280 million, or 77 cents per share, for the latest quarter.
Excluding items, the company earned 65 cents per share, beating the average analyst estimate of 60 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Yum adopted new accounting standards that lowered taxes during the quarter, when its effective tax rate was 19.4 percent and its effective tax rate excluding special items was 12.5 percent.
The company's 2016 effective tax rate was 24.6 percent. It was 26.3 percent excluding special items, according to regulatory filings.
Total revenue fell 1.8 percent to $1.42 billion as it sold more restaurants to franchisees but managed to beat Wall Street's target of $1.35 billion.
(Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru and Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty, Bernard Orr)
The Pensions Advisory Service has been identified as a leader in digital governance in the UK central government sector.
Contact
Sitemorse
***@sitemorse.com Sitemorse
End
-- The Pensions Advisory Service has been identified as a leader in digital governance in the UK central government sector, after coming in first place in its field in the latest Sitemorse quarterly INDEX.The Sitemorse INDEX reviews sites, scoring and ranking them based on optimisation, experience, compliance and factors such as loading speed and accessibility.The Pensions Advisory Service (TPAS) came in first place with an overall score of 7.7 out of 10, representing a high standard of optimization, user experience and content delivery. TPAS took first place for email and came near the top of the list for HTML, performance and metadata. However, it also scored 0 out of 10 for brand, indicating that there are improvements that could be made which would allow the organization to further secure its leading placement.The Imperial War Museum was the highest riser in the INDEX, boosting its score from 3.64 to 5.22 and climbing 105 places, having notably boosted the standard of accessibility and HTML.Also in the top five were:2. The Northern Ireland Executive – scoring 7.5 (increasing by 3.1 from 89place)3. Boundary Commission for Northern Ireland – scoring 7.4 (increasing by 2.5 from 55place)4. GOV.UK – scoring 7.0 (increasing by 2.1 from 54place)5. Natural Resources Wales – scoring 7.0 (increasing by 1.5 from 25place)Meanwhile, Department for Economy NI, Northern Ireland Courts and Tribunals Service, Department of Health NI and Department for Infrastructure NI all entered the top 10, having previously been placed 64, 30, 40and 60respectively.Overall, the sector has significant room for improvement. Only 7 sites (of 205) had an overall score of 7 or above, while only 6 scored 7 or above for accessibility.Issues found on low performing sites included broken links, missing images, faulty email addresses and webpages that lacked titles and descriptions. Many organisations appear to be unaware of the issues that are discovered and many more struggle with the substantial challenge of manually monitoring and implementing repairs.Lawrence Shaw, CEO of Sitemorse ( www.Sitemorse.com ), said, "Delivering a high standard of digital governance is critically important for central government – and particularly with the EU Directive coming later this year. We've made it our mission to help organizations to improve compliance and accessibility – bypassing endless reporting to make major changes fast. The Pensions Advisory Service obviously take this very seriously, and it's great to see a number of sites that demonstrate significant improvements entering the top ten."The results of the INDEX were based on a total of over 115m tests on public pages carried out in April 2018. Every page on every site surveyed was subjected to over 1,600 unique tests, checks and measures each.Other sectors covered by a Sitemorse INDEX include UK police forces, UK local government, UK higher education, US airlines and consumer finance.The Sitemorse INDEX report is carried out by Sitemorse, which helps clients to continuously and automatically monitor for issues relating to optimisation, experience and compliance (including SEO and accessibility)on public and private pages. The findings of the latest report, for Q2 2018, will be released over the course of May 2018. The full results for UK central government can be found here: https://sitemorse.com/ index/report.html? rt=1412& key=c... Since 2002, the Sitemorse INDEX has provided an independent industry standard for benchmarking digital governance. Sites are reviewed and scored based on some 1,600 tests, checks and measures per page, identifying actions that improve optimisation, experience and compliance. Since its inception, it has been the fundamental measure of digital capability for organisations that strive for online excellence.Scoring highly typically reflects those that have strong digital leadership and understand the importance of providing the best visitor experience possible – and it reflects positively on the entire organisation's operations and branding.The latest results follow over 115m tests on public pages carried out in April 2018. These results provide extensive insights into the experience that these sites deliver and offer vital information on how they can better meet audience expectations – points that are crucial, but impractical to capture manually. Indeed, organisations are all too often unaware of what might be simple actions that they could take that would offer immediate improvements to their delivery.Sitemorse (www.Sitemorse.com)helps organizations to efficiently drive improved user experience, ensuring that content is always optimised and that compliance requirements are always met. With clients in every corner of the world, Sitemorse (www.Sitemorse.com)sets out to remove endless reporting from Digital Governance and to instead provide actionable insights so that major changes can be made quickly.The company has now been moving the field of Digital Governance forwards for over 15 years, while remaining privately owned, and continues to provide clients with new tools and capabilities every year. Most recently, this has included a focus on extending capabilities directly within the CMS, as well as addressing the governance / QA service issue of 'endless reporting'.Sitemorse (www.Sitemorse.com)helps digital managers to build strong processes and accountability, to minimise risks and to achieve the highest standards of content quality. And with Sitemorse (www.Sitemorse.com), there is no need for the substantial infrastructure, support and accordant costs that are required for manual quality and compliance checks.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman is hoping his team can capitalise on Manchester United's struggles at home when the two sides meet at Old Trafford in the Premier League on Tuesday.
United, who are fifth in the table, have drawn eight of their 15 home games in the league this season, and Koeman urged his team to try and impose themselves on the contest from the outset.
"We know that they have difficulties at home," the Dutchman told a news conference on Monday. "We like to play in our way; that means we like to dominate the game."
United will have striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic available again after a three-game suspension, while Everton will be without midfielders Morgan Schneiderlin, Aaron Lennon and James McCarthy. Right-back Seamus Coleman is out for the season after breaking his leg on international duty.
The slew of injuries led Koeman to start the relatively inexperienced Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Tom Davies, Matthew Pennington and Mason Holgate in Everton's 3-1 defeat by Liverpool in the Merseyside derby on Saturday.
Despite the chastening nature of the defeat, Koeman said he would keep faith with his youngsters against United.
"We will have the same players available as the weekend. I knew the team to start – a really young team – and that's different to the one if I had all the players available.
"To compete against a strong team is always difficult. But I try to be realistic about the situation of the team, its progress, and the project of Everton," said Koeman.
"I am a manager who if a young player is developing and we have injury problems it is an opportunity for the young players. Everybody is always talking about the Academy of Everton. I'm Dutch, I'm not afraid to give a chance to young players."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
BRIEF-Pixela says Oak Capital increases voting power to 14 pct
* Says Oak Capital Corporation increased voting power in the co to 14 percent (5 million shares), from 5.4 percent (1.7 million shares)
April 13 Banvit Bandirma Vitaminli Yem Sanayi AS:
* Said on Wednesday United Arab Emirates Ministry of Economy approves acquisition of 79.48 percent in the company by TBQ Foods GmbH
* Since the documents will not be prepared until the date of the ordinary general meeting on 13 April 2017, new date for the closing the deal will be announced to the public tomorrow
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
DUBLIN It is not yet inevitable that Ireland will launch an initial public offering of state-owned Allied Irish Banks (ALBK.I) in the coming weeks and the government will have to decide by the middle of May, finance minister Michael Noonan said on Monday.
Ireland has appointed a number of investment banks to act as a bookrunners and global coordinators for the potential sale of a 25 percent stake in AIB and Noonan has said the nearest window to sell the shares would be some time in May or June.
"It's not inevitable yet, but all the preliminary hurdles are being crossed successfully. It will be about mid-May before we reach the point of no return," Noonan told reporters.
(Reporting by Conor Humprhies, editing by Padraic Halpin, editing by Louise Heavens)
March 28 gumi Inc:
* Says it will set up a JV named Nordic VR Startups Ab. for product development of VR technology in Finland with Nordisk Film A/S in end of April
* Says it will hold 60 percent stake in the new JV
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/g7Pdk6
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Love Island 2018: What Is The Prize And How Much Money Do The Winners Get?
After watching Love Island for months, one lucky couple would've found love (and earned themselves a sweet prize.) But what do the contestants actually win?
Love Island 2018 is drawing to an end - there are only a couple of weeks left until we crown a winning couple; like Kem and Amber, or Cara De La Hoyde and Nathan Massey.
With Dani and Jack looking likely to be named the power couple this year, it got us thinking... Just what will the winning couple get as a prize? (Apart from each other. Obviously.)
> People Are Convinced Georgia And Wes Have Left The Villa After Airport Sighting
What do the winners of Love Island get?
The winning couple will receive £50,000 between the two of them. Then, Caroline Flack will offer the pair the chance to split the cash equally, or to steal it from the other person, and keep the £50k to themselves.
Contestants will also get loads of media opportunities following the series - from presenting on TV to those charcoal face mask promotions.
> If You Want The Low Down On Love Island, Grab Our App
April 5 Arris International Plc
* Arris International Plc says executive chairman Robert J. Stanzione's total compensation in 2016 was $9.7 million versus $5.7 million in 2015 - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRASILIA, April 20 Brazil shed a net 63,624 payroll jobs in March, the Labor Ministry said on Thursday, suggesting the labor market has continued to deteriorate as the economy struggles to pull out of its worst recession ever. (Reporting by Marcela Ayres; Writing by Alonso Soto)
(Adds details, background)
MOSCOW, March 29 Russian gas giant Gazprom has raised 850 million pounds ($1.05 billion) through a Eurobond, two sources close to the deal told Reuters on Wednesday.
Gazprom has set the yield at 4.25 percent for its seven-year sterling benchmark bond, IFR, a Thomson Reuters news and market analysis service, reported earlier.
Gazprom has mandated Deutsche Bank, Gazprombank, JP Morgan and VTB Capital as lead managers.
A deal in sterling would cement the company's return to its main international funding markets, which also include euros, U.S. dollars and Swiss francs.
Earlier this month, Gazprom sold its first bond denominated in U.S. dollars since autumn 2014, a $750 million ten-year issue.
The company has an external borrowing plan for 2017 of 288.26 billion roubles ($5.1 billion).
($1 = 0.8059 pounds)
($1 = 56.7945 roubles) (Reporting by Kira Zavyalova and Oksana Kobzeva; writing by Vladimir Soldatkin; editing by Katya Golubkova and Alexander Smith)
Contact
The Helen Arkell Dyslexia Centre
***@arkellcentre.org.uk The Helen Arkell Dyslexia Centre
End
-- We at theare all saddened to hear of the news that Dyslexia Action has gone into administration.The Helen Arkell Dyslexia Centre provides dyslexia assessments, consultations, tuition, professional training, support courses for parents and children and an online shop for learning resources. We will be working to ensure those affected by the closure of Dyslexia Action are supported as seamlessly as possible. If you are waiting for an assessment or support or interested in training, please contact us and we will help.14.4% or 1.2 million children and young people have Special Educational Needs and Disability (SEND) (DfE, 2016b).We aim to ensure that every child receives the support they need to realise their potential and succeed on their own terms.For further information please contact Sam Mabbott at the Helen Arkell Dyslexia Centre on 01252 792400 or email smabbott@arkellcentre.org.uk.Visit http://www.helenarkell.org.uk to find out more.
Two laptops were stolen from the office of the Competition Commission in Pretoria.
This is a continuation of the series of thefts at government institutions.
The theft apparently occurred in broad daylight, and the computers contained information about cartel operations.
This raises the question of who is responsible for the thefts and who will benefit from the “destruction” of information on the computers.
Read the original article in Afrikaans on Die Vryburger
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
ZAGREB, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Croatians who owe debts denominated in Swiss francs hope the loans will be nullified after a Slovenian court threw out a similar loan there, a debtor representative and a parliamentary deputy said on Friday.
The Slovenian court said the borrower was not informed of the risks that a loan in Swiss francs entailed. Croatian activists say the same applies to franc loans in Croatia.
“We strongly believe that the loan contracts were lacking appropriate and essential information about the currency and variable interest rate risks,” Goran Aleksic from the Franak association, which provides help to people who took out Swiss franc loans, told Reuters.
Many households and companies in Croatia, Slovenia and elsewhere in eastern Europe took out loans, largely mortgages, between 2003 and 2008, to benefit from low interest rates for Swiss franc debt. But their payments soared when the franc surged in value, particularly after January 2015, when Switzerland scrapped a cap on its currency.
The High Commercial Court is now set to reassess whether eight local banks, owned by the parent banks in other European Union states like Italy or Austria, were offering Swiss franc loans unfairly and whether such loans had to be nullified.
“In the last 10 years, the banks have earned some 50 billion kunas ($8.40 billion) and potential costs for them, as the loans have been excessively repaid, could be up to 25 billion kunas, which would still leave them a fair profit,” Aleksic said.
Before an election in late 2015, Croatia's government pushed through a law ordering banks to convert franc loans into euros, at the banks' expense.
But the Constitutional Court ordered a retrial in a debtors' lawsuit against banks after the Supreme Court ruled in their favour. The higher court said the Supreme Court did not properly explain its ruling.
Four banks have sued Croatia for enforced conversion at an arbitration court in Washington, citing violations of international obligations and investors' expectations. The banks insist that the Swiss franc loans were fully in line with legal framework at the time.
“The clients have been provided the information that the (Swiss) currency is exposed to fluctuations,” said a banking source who asked not to be named. Variable interest rates were also explained, the source said. ($1 = 5.9500 kuna) (Reporting by Igor Ilic, editing by Larry King)
Illegal sex workers are accessing a million-dollar taxpayer funded sex programme, a Herald investigation can reveal.
The Ministry of Health (MOH) funds $1,099,944 excluding GST annually to the New Zealand Prostitutes Collective (NZPC) for health programmes across the country for sex workers.
In a response to an email enquiry by a local sex worker, the ministry confirmed that the services were "from time to time" being accessed by sex workers who are not legally able to work in New Zealand.
The programmes include sexual health and family planning, weekly sexual health clinics in Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch, and needle exchange services in Tauranga and Auckland.
Advertisement
The ministry's service commissioning director Jill Lane said the prevention of HIV and Aids and the health, safety and welfare of all sex workers and their clients remained its "prime focus".
Family First national director Bob McCoskrie slammed the ministry and NZPC for using taxpayer money to "knowingly aid" illegal prostitution.
New Zealand legislation specifically excludes migrants holding temporary visas from being able to lawfully work in the sex industry.
"It is disturbing that both the ministry and NZPC are knowingly aiding illegal forms of prostitution in NZ, and using taxpayer funding to facilitate that work," McCoskrie said.
"Turning a 'blind eye' to illegal migrant workers will simply open up a huge market for trafficking and exploitation which, based on local anecdotal evidence and international experience, will harm women."
Catherine Healy of the New Zealand Prostitutes Collective. Photo / Ross Setford
NZPC national co-ordinator Catherine Healy said the collective runs five community-based programmes and had more than 10,700 engagements with sex workers last year.
The community bases were accessible to all sex workers - including those unlawfully here.
"We work with all sex workers in New Zealand and it would be irresponsible to ignore migrant sex workers in respect to public health as well as other concerns related to the potential for exploitation," Healy said.
"We are constantly reminding people involved in sex work of the relevant laws and certainly inform them of immigration laws if we believe they may be in breach of them."
New Zealand sex worker Lisa Lewis has written to the ministry to express her disgust.
Lewis said the services to illegal sex workers had been provided by MoH and NZPC "at the detriment of legal and local sex workers".
"The fact that the ministry and NZPC are using taxpayer dollars to assist illegals is appalling," Lewis said.
Lisa Lewis, sex worker. Photo / Brett Phibbs
MoH's group system outcomes manager Sam Kunowski rejected the claim that the ministry was "knowingly aiding" illegal activity.
"The ministry expects all providers we contract with - including the NZPC - to operate services that comply within any relevant New Zealand legislation, including Immigration-related legislation," Kunowski said.
The contract with NZPC included requirements for mandatory reporting and correspondence, he said.
Immigration New Zealand assistant general Manager Peter Devoy said neither the NZPC nor MoH were required to provide any information to INZ regarding migrant sex workers they assisted.
"This is because working in the sex industry is not a criminal offence, even though it is a breach of temporary visa conditions," Devoy said.
"Any notification to INZ that a person is working illegally in the sex industry does not constitute evidence.
"If we are able to identify, locate and have evidence that a person on a temporary visa is providing commercial sexual services they can be served with a deportation liability notice."
In the last three years, deportation liability notices had been served to 38 people on temporary visas found to have engaged in commercial sexual services.
LONDON, April 3 Britain will wait until the end of the month to find out what guidelines the other members of the European Union have agreed regarding issues such as Gibraltar, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Monday.
The future of Gibraltar has become the first dispute of the exit talks since May filed the formal divorce papers, with the EU draft joint position saying any agreement on the British outpost on Spain's southern tip had be agreed between Spain and Britain.
"These are draft guidelines that were issued ... We will wait and see what is agreed by the 27 (EU countries), " the spokesman told reporters.
Britain's Brexit minister David Davis held a "friendly and constructive" meeting with Spain's Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis in Madrid on Monday as part of a pre-arranged visit, the spokesman added, during which he raised the issue of Gibraltar. (Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, Writing by Elizabeth Piper; editing by Stephen Addison)
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Overnight leader Kevin Kisner set off for what could be a riveting finish to the PGA Championship on Sunday as early starters said a Quail Hollow layout that had been mostly challenging all week was there for the taking.
Adam Scott, one of the early starters on Sunday, said the course was easier than it had been on Saturday when firm greens and difficult pin positions proved to be a grind, with the final threesome taking nearly six hours to complete 18 holes.
"Easier, probably because it's soft too," the Australian former world number one said after finishing at eight-over 292.
"It's taken a lot of rain. Greens are pretty receptive at 8:35 in the morning.
"Didn't look like they'd dried out too much through the round so I think there's good scores out there."
Scott also gave a lukewarm thumbs-up to the hole locations, which some players thought were on the edge of being unfair on Saturday.
"They were better today, I guess," Scott said, measuring his words as he spoke to a small group of reporters.
"You can find fault in everything. It's a very severe set of greens. There's not a lot of room to work with. They're borderline, but there's nowhere else to put (the pins). I don't necessarily know that's the officials' fault."
World number one Dustin Johnson finished soon afterwards, his 67 proof the course was eminently playable.
"Compared to the first three days, the pins are a little bit nicer and the course is playing soft," Johnson said after finishing at even-par 284. "I guess we got some rain last night. The greens weren't too fast. I thought the setup today was definitely favorable."
Rory McIlroy concurred.
"I don't know what's happened overnight but it's very receptive out there," the Northern Irishman said after shooting 68 for one-over 285.
"The course might dry out as the day goes on, but I felt like it was a bit more receptive than it was yesterday."
Scott, Johnson and McIlroy were speaking before Kisner teed off at seven-under, one stroke ahead of fellow American Chris Stroud and Japanese Hideki Matsuyama.
South African Louis Oosthuizen and American Justin Thomas started the day two behind. (Reporting by Andrew Both; Editing by Frank Pingue)
Jonathan Burkett reveals his motivational side in the track "Changes" featuring Polanca. This track justifies why he is needs more attention on SoundCloud site.
Artist image
Media Contact
info@musicpromotion.club
End
-- If you are an ardent lover of hip hop music and also find R&B genre as soul searching music, listen to the motivational compositions ofaka John Blake. The Miramar Based artists make beats for his people and want to give a refined identity to his individual brand because he truly deserves it. The trackis an exemplary composition ofthat is now available for streaming on soundCloud. Hip hop and rap music lovers listen to this track and feel the inspirational attributes of the most vibrant genre under the sun.is a star today. But he has experienced many tuff situations in his lifetime. Be it undergoing physical ailments or not getting the love wcj of mother,has a strong soul today because he has been through negligence, tuff situations and isolation. Besides being an expert musician, rapper and lyricist, he has penned down a book titled "Neglected but Undefeated", an autobiography that gives a better glimpse of him. In terms of music he weaves each of his music pieces by pouring his soul and bringing together the essential elements of good lyrics and heart touching music. Some of his very popular tracks are "One Life" Feat Ambelique, "Crush on You" Feat Mykul Leeric and also more.has worked with many artists and producers and also looks forward to expanding his collaborations while releasing more of his tracks in the near future. All of his tracks reveal his struggle, passion and dedication to make his music an exemplary one.The trackis one of the best compositions ofthat features Polanca. The track uses classic hip hop elements and conscious rapping lyrics that bridge a connection between the artist and listener. This inspirational track fuses R&B hooks that add an extra star to the track.
A tale of the Great Depression from a boy's perspective, Always Look for the Magic, by Bonnie Manning Anderson, tells the story of Artie, a would-be magician, and his friends. Exclusively on Amazon and available in Kindle and paperbook formats.
Always Look for the Magic by Bonnie Manning Anderson
Contact
Robert Swanson
Publisher, Prevail Press
***@prevailpress.com Robert SwansonPublisher, Prevail Press
End
-- Always Look for the Magic, by Bonnie Manning Anderson, published by Prevail Press, is now available exclusively on Amazon in Kindle and Paperback formats. This middle grade novel is set in the Great Depression, following the adventures of a boy desperate to become a magician, his brother, their friend Pauline, and Maggie the dressmaker dummy, Artie's first magic show assistant. Kids can discover the world of the 1930s, its special problems, while laughing their way through this enchanting tale.This most recent novel published by Prevail Press will captivate child and adult in its innocence and researched period details. Artie's adventures span parental secrets, close family quarters, sawing a dressmaker dummy in half, and the traveling circus. Life in the '30s wasn't just poverty and job scarcity, illnesses we don't encounter today were frightening fsbdt and life-changing in the early years of the last century. This story will open the eyes of children to U.S. history through engaging chapters and hare-brained adventures.Prevail Press is a micro-publishing company, gleaning authors with great books who traditional publishers have let slip through their fingers. Bonnie Manning Anderson is the newest member to a growing community of authors. Her author page can be found at http://www.prevailpress.com
April 28 Diana Containerships Inc
* Diana containerships inc. Announces time charter contract for m/v sagitta with hapag-lloyd
* Diana containerships inc. Announces time charter contract for m/v sagitta with hapag-lloyd
* Diana containerships inc- gross charter rate is us$9,500 per day; charter is expected to commence on May 12, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HELSINKI Chinese duo Wenjing Sui and Cong Han emerged unscathed in a field littered with the walking wounded to grab the lead in the pairs competition at the figure skating world championships on Wednesday.
While their leading rivals had to compete with a dodgy hip or a sliced knee, Wenjing and Cong avoided any visible mishaps to earn 81.23 points for their 'Blues for Klook' short skate.
The silver medallists at the worlds behind Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford for the last two years will take a narrow 1.39-point lead over Germany's Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot into Thursday's free skate.
A hip-muscle injury that Radford has struggled to shake off for over a week forced the Canadians into an 11th-hour rejig of their programme -- with the pair replacing their side-by-side triple Lutz with a triple toeloop.
That gamble partially paid off as Radford managed to touch down on his feet following the jump, albeit with a snatched landing.
A hand down by Duhamel on the throw triple Lutz incurred a deduction but it was in the side-by-side spin that Radford's hip really played up as he went completely out of sync with his partner.
Duhamel ended the botched performance to Seal's 'Killer' by raising a clenched fist to the heavens above but that failed to sway the judges and a score of 72.67 left them adrift in seventh place.
"I've never gone out not knowing if I'm going to be able to finish the programme," Radford said through a coughing fit.
"My hip has been massaged to death. I am taking pain killers that I am allowed to. It still doesn't feel 100 percent."
His partner added: "I think we did great and I'm a little sad the panel didn't agree with us.
"We hadn't tried a side-by-side triple toe until today since the first week of December. I don't know anyone else that cannot train a jump for three months and go out and do it at the world championships."
Russians Evgenia Tarasova and Vladimir Morozov did not even know if they would make it on to the ice after Morozov's skate sliced into Tarasova's knee during Wednesday's morning practice.
A few stitches later, the European champions were ready to conquer the world. A messy landing on the throw trip loop and an out-of-sync spin narrowly denied them a place on the top of the leaderboard as they finished third, trailing the Germans by less than half a point.
"We were thinking about withdrawing because after this incident... we didn't know how I would feel in skates. But when I was asked 'will you skate?', I said 'I will'," said Tarasova.
Morozov added: "It was hard for me, I was worrying about my partner even more than she was. It was totally her decision to skate. She is a hero for all our country and for me."
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Toby Davis)
April 6NCXX Group Inc
* Says it and C'sMEN Co Ltd signed agreement and formed business and capital alliance, to cooperate on redefining of business strategy and operational improvement
* Says it will buy shares (19 percent stake) of C'sMEN Co Ltd on April 24 and will become top shareholder of C'sMEN Co Ltd
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/67Ryuu
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The Government's public consultation and wage surveys to tackle the gender pay gap in the public and private sectors begins today.
Employers, trade unions and members of the public will be given six weeks to outline their views on what can be done to narrow the gap between the earnings of male and female workers.
The public consultation follows controversies over the gender pay gap in the BBC and RTÉ in recent weeks.
The figures from the national broadcaster confirmed only three of the top 10 on-air presenters are women. RTÉ has hired Kieran Mulvey, former director-general of the Workplace Relations Commission, to provide an independent overview and make recommendations.
The public is being invited to take part in a consultation process.
It has been estimated men earn on average 14 per cent more than women in Ireland.
Minister for Justice and Equality Charlie Flanagan believes the consultation process is and will be much bigger than any one organisation.
Mr Flanagan said the Government was committed to making such financial inequality a thing of the past. The consultation, Mr Flanagan said, was the first in a series of steps it would take to address the matter.
“We need to have a clearer understanding of the factors underpinning the pay gap so that Government action can be properly tailored towards tackling this issue effectively,” he said.
The Government has committed to undertaking a package of measures to address the issue.
Mr Flanagan said there would be a consultation with key stakeholders in the autumn to discuss measures to promote wage transparency.
The Department of Jobs has also requested companies with more than 50 employees to undertake wage surveys, and is also overseeing the development of “practical tools” to enable companies calculate and address the gender pay gap.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Reuters Manila bureau chief Martin Petty (C) sits on a fishing boat between a Filipino boatman and an assistant while sailing inside the Scarborough Shoal in the South China sea, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Reuters Manila bureau chief Martin Petty (L) and video journalist Peter Blaza (R) look on while inside a Filipino fishing vessel traversing the Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Reuters video journalist Peter Blaza (C), with assistant Oscar Abunyawan (R), films a Chinese fishing vessel docked on the mouth of Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
SCARBOROUGH SHOAL, South China Sea For Filipino fishermen, a trip to the Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea is an uncomfortable one at the best of times.
Hours working in the scorching sun, a monotonous diet of rice, spam and fish, sometimes for weeks, all the while watching for tropical storms that could wreck their modest wooden boats.
For a team of Reuters landlubbers making a reporting trip to the disputed shoal, there were other challenges - the lack of any toilets apart from the sea, sleeping wedged on the open deck, and most of all, the constant worry that the Chinese coastguard would try to drive us away.
Five years after China forcibly blockaded the rich waters from all but its own fishermen, the visit last week confirmed that Beijing had made concessions. Philippine vessels were allowed to fish again, and small boats could enter the lagoon.
But while an international panel last year ruled the shoal should be freely fished by all, China's coastguard was still clearly calling the shots.
Infographic ID: '1GHW1LC'
Alerted to our presence by Chinese fishermen holding cameras and two-way radios, a coastguard vessel sped towards us before losing track of our boat in the mass of similar looking craft surrounding the prized fishing grounds.
Months in planning, the 200-km (124-mile) journey from the Philippine coast to the shoal took 18 hours in a narrow, 12m (40ft) fishing boat.
Earlier trips had to be cancelled when storms made the crossing too dangerous. On this journey a second vessel was hired to accompany us as a precaution against bad weather or breakdowns.
Space was limited on rudimentary wooden boats that are steadied by bamboo cane outriggers held together by reams of fishing line. There's no power, and no roof, just a tarpaulin sheet to shelter from the rain and sun.
Enough water, canned meat, rice and fuel were brought to last a week in case bad weather stranded us at the shoal. For journalists, there's also cameras, tripods, life jackets, as well as a satellite phone and small generator to charge batteries.
LIFE IN WATERWORLD
Our boats approached the area at daybreak. It is an oasis in a desert of water, a huge flotilla of fishing vessels far away from home, lined up with bows pointing towards the bright green shoal.
In the distance, a Chinese coastguard ship guarded the mouth of the reef, preventing the larger boats from entering.
China and the Philippines have sparred for decades over ownership of this prized lagoon, but with relations improved, Filipino boats now anchor alongside Chinese vessels.
We watched as barefooted men in leggings, long-sleeves, caps and gloves trade freely with each other. Using hand signals, they swap cigarettes or fish, in scenes reminiscent of "Waterworld", the 1995 Kevin Costner film, where polar ice caps have melted and post-apocalyptic tribes live on boats.
We joined fishermen riding small boats over the damaged coral wall of the lagoon, careful to avoid disrupting men inside who cast nets or spear for fish. Interviews were conducted with masked divers treading water, and we snorkel over the reef with a waterproof camera, checking out the coral and sealife.
The Chinese boats are robust, and luxurious compared with those of the Filipinos, some of which are barely more than rafts.
Clothes and drying fish were hung from the ropes that hold these craft together, the smell overpowered by diesel fumes. Makeshift wire cages of live lobsters trailed behind.
For many Filipinos, trips to Scarborough are swift, seizing what they can during what many fear may only be a temporary truce.
But some stay for months, selling their catch to bigger boats, and tapping new arrivals for fresh supplies to sustain them a few days longer.
Beijing maintains it has the right to control the shoal, in defiance of the Permanent Court of Arbitration which last year deemed Scarborough a traditional fishing ground for “many nationalities”.
China's foreign ministry said this week Scarborough was "an inherent part of Chinese territory" and the coastguard was there to administer fishing and preserve the peace and tranquility.
The Filipinos cooperate, but remain wary.
"They're not here to protect us," said fishermen Vicente Palawan. "Not so long ago, they were water-cannoning us."
(Editing by Lincoln Feast)
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
April 13 Corecivic Inc
* Corecivic inc says received a contract extension from immigration and customs enforcement at corecivic's 1,000-bed houston processing center
* Corecivic -contract with ice was extended one year to april 2018, with five additional two-month extension options, while co negotiates a long term contractual agreement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
-- Eight major banks in China's capital Beijing city, including Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) ,, and China Construction Bank Corp (CCB) ,, have eliminated discounts on mortgage rates for first-home buyers, effective from May 1. The banks also hiked the mortgage rates for second-home buyers, which is now set at 20 percent higher than the benchmark interest rate, also effective from May 1, state newspaper Security Times reported on Tuesday.
-- Note: Reuters has not verified this story and does not vouch for its accuracy
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
April 10 Urban Edge Properties
* Urban Edge Properties acquiring $325 million, Seven Asset Portfolios
* Urban Edge Properties - entered a contract to acquire Seven Retail Assets for $325 million
* Urban Edge Properties - contributors are exchanging their property interests for about $127 million of UE operating partnership units valued at $27.02/unit
* Urban Edge Properties - UE will also assume $33 million of existing debt, issue approximately $117 million of non-recourse, secured debt
* Urban Edge Properties - UE will fund remaining $48 million in cash Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NAIROBI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - A Kenyan lawyer present at the symbolic “swearing in” of opposition leader Raila Odinga was arrested on Friday, local media reported.
Miguna Miguna was taken from his Nairobi home before dawn to a police station, Citizen TV and NTV reported on their Twitter feeds.
An Odinga ally, Miguna has declared himself a leader of the opposition's National Resistance Movement, which the government this week declared a criminal group.
He had stood beside Odinga on Tuesday at the symbolic presidential inauguration, which the government has called an “illegal act” that put the lives of thousands of Kenyans at risk .
Police spokesman Charles Owino did not answer his phone when called for comment on the arrest.
It follows the arrest on Wednesday of an opposition lawmaker who administered Odinga's “oath”. He was freed on bond on Thursday.
The government took three private television channels off the air on Tuesday as they began to cover of the opposition ceremony. They remained off the air on Friday despite a court order on Thursday that overturned the government-ordered shutdown.
The government was not served with the court order on Thursday afternoon because of a delay at the court registrar's office, Okiya Omtatah, an activist who filed the High Court case and won the lifting of the suspension, told Reuters.
“As soon as we serve the order this morning I expect the stations to be back on,” he said. “If not they'll (the government) be in contempt of court.”
Odinga says last year's elections, won by President Uhuru Kenyatta, were rigged. (Reporting by Maggie Fick, editing by Larry King)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
As marketers, we probably tend to get more excited about the latest digital trends than the general public does. So just what do consumers think of some of the new technologies we're seeing?
It turns out customers want improvements to the products and services they already use more than they want something they haven't seen or experienced before, according to an infographic released by digital agency Code Computerlove.
And though a trend such as mobile payments may not be generating a lot of media, customers listed it as the top technology they want to use this year.
Conversely, trends such as virtual reality and augmented reality have had a lot of media mentions, but consumers are still tepid about trying them out.
To see more about the digital trends brands are talking about versus what consumers want to use, check out the infographic:
What started as a small traffic crash in the middle of the day at a Family Health Center Lee County, quickly turned into a dangerous disturbance.
Lee County deputies said Angela Breidinger was making death threats toward deputies.
It happened at a business and medical plaza on Thursday on Gladiolus Drive.
"I saw a whole bunch of officers ride in and I was a little concerned.I couldn't imagine what was going on here," an employee of the plaza, Matthew Kurtz, said.
Deputies said Angela Breidinger was in a minor traffic crash in the motorcycle and complained it was taking the female deputy too long to help.
Breidinger called 9-1-1.
She told dispatchers they "were going to have a dead cop" and that she wanted to punch the deputy in the face and take her gun.
Dispatch warned the deputy to lock the doors and windows of her cruiser and stay inside.
Backup responders arrested Breidinger and charged her with threatening to harm a public servant and misusing the 911 system.
BRASILIA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Boeing proposed to the Brazilian government on Thursday night a deal excluding Embraer's defense business from a new vehicle for a partnership between the two planemakers, a Brazilian government source with knowledge of the talks told Reuters on Friday.
Another Brazilian government source earlier told Reuters that the latest proposal for a tie-up between Boeing and Embraer SA would include the creation of a third company. (Reporting by Ricardo Brito)
The Santa Barbara Botanic Garden closed to general visitation on Wednesday due to a red flag warning of high fire danger issued for parts of Santa Barbara County.
The garden voluntarily closed to general visitation in order to reduce traffic in the canyon. The garden will be temporarily closed and will reopen immediately upon the cancellation of this warning. The garden will again be open to the public at that time.
In compliance with the garden's conditional use permit with the County of Santa Barbara, the garden is obligated to inform the public in the event of any facility closures due to red flag warning conditions. Red flag conditions typically only last one day, though they can be extended to several days, depending upon weather conditions.
Please contact the Santa Barbara Botanic Garden at 805.682.4726 before visiting.
“We understand the potential danger of wildfires firsthand and will do everything within our power to cooperate and facilitate the smooth participation with the Fire Department and county officials during these conditions,” said Santa Barbara Botanic Garden Executive Director Steve Windhager, Ph.D. “We have the utmost concern and commitment to the health and safety of our staff, guests, neighbors and the community at large.”
— Joni Kelly is the communications manager for the Santa Barbara Botanic Garden.
* cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=stock-index-poll Reuters poll data
By Kailash Bathija and Vivek Mishra
BENGALURU, March 29 India's benchmark BSE Sensex share index will scale a new record high by mid-year, according to strategists and brokers in a Reuters poll, who have upgraded their forecasts significantly from three months ago.
This more bullish view emerges from the poll despite widespread concern since the last Reuters poll over the damage a disruptive and radical government move to replace the bulk of currency in circulation may have done to the economy.
So far there is no official evidence of such damage occurring. India's economy had grown 7 percent versus a year ago last quarter, while the government's ability to drive such sweeping change appears to have emboldened investors and traders alike.
Increased economic optimism coincides with a rush into global stock markets that is based in part on a view the world economy is in an upturn as well as hopes that the new U.S. administration will deregulate finance and cut taxes.
Indian shares have outperformed major global stock indices this year, gaining over 10 percent, and are forecast to rise another 3 percent by mid-year and a little over 6 percent by the end of 2017 from here.
"A stable rupee and global liquidity will give more room (for) the Indian stock market to go up," said C.A. Rudramurthy, managing director at Vachana Investments.
The Reuters poll of more than 50 equity market strategists, brokers and fund managers taken March 20-27 found the BSE Sensex is forecast to rise to a record of 30,294 in the next three months.
It is then expected to reach 31,250 by the end of this year. The index closed at 29,409.52 on Tuesday.
Similar hefty gains are forecast for the broader NSE index , which is forecast to trade at 9,300 by mid-2017 and then rise to 9,525 by December 2017.
FOREIGN INFLOWS IMPORTANT
Just this month, $6.1 billion of foreign investment flowed into Indian debt and equities. Foreign investors are expected to be the biggest contributors to Indian share price movements over the next three months, according to the majority of respondents polled.
India has attracted substantial foreign investment in recent years via a relatively stable rupee as well as a government that enjoys strong support and is keen to enact reforms that attract foreign capital.
A separate Reuters poll showed that the rupee is expected to weaken slightly, trading at 68.29 per dollar in six months and 68.84 in a year compared with around 65 now.
The Nifty 50 share index hit a record high after the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) resoundingly won an election earlier this month in Uttar Pradesh, home to 220 million people.
While the Sensex is just a tad over 600 points away from its lifetime high, equity strategists are concerned about continued downgrades to corporate earnings.
Strategists were also split whether the current stock index level is expensive, fairly valued or cheap.
Twenty-four of 49 respondents said that Indian shares are currently overvalued.
"(The) market is overvalued as earnings have not picked up, and after the earnings downgrade that we saw in the last quarter there has not been much improvement in the economy", said Neeraj Dewan, director at Quantum Securities.
Twenty-three poll respondents said Indian shares were fairly priced, while the remaining two said Indian shares were cheap.
Despite that split, the vast majority of analysts and brokers do not expect a correction of more than 10 percent this year.
(For other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll) (Reporting by Kailash Bathija and Vivek Mishra; Polling by Khushboo Mittal; Editing by Ross Finley and Eric Meijer)
A motorcyclist suffered critical injuries in a crash Friday with an SUV on Valley View Boulevard near Sahara Avenue, according to Metro Police. (Photo: FastCam)
A motorcyclist suffered critical injuries in a crash Friday with a sport utility vehicle on Valley View Boulevard near Sahara Avenue, according to Metro Police.
Metro police said the 25-year-old motorcyclist was heading south on Valley View and stopped in a left turn lane near El Camino Avenue. As the motorcyclist entered the intersection, the SUV turned left and into the path of the motorcycle.
The motorcycle's front collided with the right side of the SUV. The motorcyclist overturned and came to a stop near the accident, according to Metro police.
Police were called to the scene at 8:49 p.m. and said the motorcyclist was transported to University Medical Center Trauma Intensive Care Unit. He is not expected to survive.
Valley View was shut down in both directions between Sahara Avenue and Oakey Boulevard, police said.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
CAPE TOWN, April 13 South Africa's new Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba said on Thursday he would meet with ratings firm Moody's to convince them the country would stay on the path of fiscal discipline, in order to avoid a third credit downgrade.
Gigaba, who replaced the respected Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle that triggered credit downgrades to subinvestment by S&P Global Ratings and Fitch, told local investors he would clarify Treasury's policy positions to Moody's on an upcoming roadshow overseas.
"We will do all we can to avoid another downgrade and one of the ways to do that is to engage with Moody's directly, to demonstrate our willingness to stay the course in terms of fiscal discipline and fiscal consolidation," Gigaba told the media after briefing investors at parliament. (Reporting by Wendell Roelf; Writing by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
Arrests
6/6 at 7:45 p.m. Albert Wyman, 36, of Chestnut Street, was arrested by Officer John Dietlin on Chestnut Street on a charge of violating a protection from abuse order.
Summonses
6/5 Clarissa Lehourdais, 18, of Ambrose Drive, Woolwich, was issued a summons by Officer John Dietlin on Congress Avenue on a charge of possession of marijuana.
6/7 Sara Butterfuss, 21, of White Road, Bowdoinham, was issued a summons by Cpl. Garrett Olson in Bowdoinham on a charge of assault.
6/11 A 15-year-old male, of Bath, was issued a summons by Cpl. Garrett Olson on Front Street on charges of illegal possession of liquor by a minor and possession of marijuana.
6/11 A 15-year-old male, of Bath, was issued a summons by Cpl. Garrett Olson on Front Street on a charge of illegal possession of liquor by a minor.
6/11 Draven Barter, 19, of Bluff Road, was issued a summons by Cpl. Garrett Olson on Front Street on a charge of illegal possession of liquor by a minor.
6/11 Daryll Facenda, 32, of River Road, Dresden, was issued a summons by Officer John Dietlin on Commercial Street on a charge of operating with a suspended or revoked license.
Fire calls
6/5 at 10:08 a.m. Fire alarm on Vine Street.
6/5 at 10:28 a.m. Fluid spill on Washington Street.
6/5 at 1:38 p.m. Fire alarm on Vine Street.
6/7 at 12:59 p.m. Rescue assists on Pine Hill Drive.
6/7 at 2:13 p.m. Motor vehicle fire on Middle Street.
6/7 at 12:29 a.m. Odor investigation on Windjammer Way.
6/8 at 11:15 a.m. Fire alarm on Front Street.
6/8 at 7:19 p.m. Trash can fire on Wing Farm Parkway.
6/8 at 9:58 p.m. Public assist on Bay Shore Road.
6/10 at 9:35 a.m. Gas spill on Sheridan Road.
6/11 at 9:22 a.m. Fire alarm on Richardson Street.
6/11 at 12:07 a.m. Noise investigation on Mechanic Street.
EMS
Bath emergency medical services responded to 33 calls from June 5-11.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF Sports) — The Laney-Josey basketball rivalry is always one of the highlights of the season and Friday night featured a meeting of top-five ranked teams in the girls game.
No. 5 Josey held a five-point lead in the third quarter but top-ranked Laney fought its way back for a 68-62 win. The Wildcats remain perfect with a 25-0 record this season and extend their winning streak to 55 games — dating back to last season.
Meanwhile, the boys game was less of a struggle for the ‘Cats, as Laney knocked off Josey 78-59.
São Paulo May 2 Brazilian phone company Oi SA said on Tuesday that Orascom TMT Holdings SAE, controlled by Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris, and a group of bondholder have given the carrier until June 1 to put together a restructuring plan to help it exit bankruptcy protection.
This is the fourth extension granted Oi by Orascom, which offered in December an exchange of debt for shares and a capital injection of as much as $1.25 billion in the phone company.
Oi filed for bankruptcy protection in June last year under the burden of debts totaling 65 billion reais ($20.6 billion).
The reorganization process has been marked by disputes between creditors and shareholders over the fate of Brazil's No. 4 wireless carrier. The Brazilian government has threatened to intervene should Oi stakeholders fail to reach an agreement.
The Orascom-bondholder group has committed to underwriting the entire capital injection if no other investors step forward. The reorganization plan was due to expire on Monday but the ad hoc group of bondholders allied to Sawiris said it was revising the plan.
"A number of recent developments have led to the need to revise the plan presented by our group," said Otavio Guazzelli, of Moelis & Company, financial advisor to the group.
"We continue to work with other creditors and stakeholders and expect to submit a new plan in the next few weeks," he said.
One development has been a government plan to allow telecom operators to exchange debt with the state for investments in the public sector. According to regulator Anatel, Oi owes the government close to 15 billion reais in fines.
($1 = 3.1505 reais) (Reporting by Alberto Alerigi; Writing by Anthony Boadle)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of India's largest online marketplace Flipkart is seen on a building in Bengaluru, India, April 22, 2015. REUTERS/Abhishek N. Chinnappa/File Photo
MUMBAI India's top e-commerce firm Flipkart has raised $1.4 billion in its biggest fundraising to date as it takes on U.S. tech giant Amazon.com Inc for a larger share of the country's burgeoning online retail market.
Chinese social media and entertainment firm Tencent Holdings Ltd, the world's biggest software company Microsoft Corp and online marketplace eBay Inc participated in the funding round, Flipkart said in a statement on Monday, which will value the Indian company at $11.6 billion.
That is lower than the $15 billion valuation achieved at its last fundraising in 2015, reflecting how competition has intensified in the e-commerce sector as companies vie for a slice of the world's fastest-growing internet services market.
Amazon last year said it would invest over $5 billion in India, and has recently expanded into online video and grocery shopping, seeking to expand aggressively in a country where a rising middle class is increasingly shopping online.
The fundraising also comes amid speculation Flipkart may be interested in a takeover of smaller rival Snapdeal. Local media have reported SoftBank Group is keen to sell its stake in Snapdeal in exchange for a stake in Flipkart.
"We are delighted that Tencent, eBay and Microsoft - all innovation powerhouses - have chosen to partner with us on their India journey," Flipkart's founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal said in a statement.
"This deal reaffirms our resolve to hasten the transformation of commerce in India through technology."
As part of the fundraising, eBay invested $500 million in Flipkart for a stake, according to a separate statement by both companies. In exchange, eBay will merge its India operations with Flipkart.
A Flipkart spokeswoman said eBay.in will continue to operate as a "separate business" within the Flipkart group, which includes fashion portals Myntra and Jabong.
The company will assess capital requirements across the group and use the new funds to "add value to customers, increase shareholder returns and bring us closer to profitability," the spokeswoman said.
Ebay, one of the pioneers of online commerce in India, runs a marketplace selling everything from bed sheets to smartphones but with little marketing and few exclusive launches on its India portal sales have lagged behind Flipkart and Amazon.
Flipkart did not disclose the amounts invested by Microsoft and Tencent.
Prior to the latest round, Flipkart had raised more than $3 billion in funding via 10 rounds, mostly from international investors but it has burnt through cash in a competitive market.
In January, Flipkart appointed a former Tiger Global Management executive as its CEO in its biggest management reshuffle as it tried to focus on margins over sales volume.
U.S. hedge fund Tiger Global is Flipkart's biggest investor, owning about a third of the company.
A deal with Snapdeal would provide Flipkart with added heft to compete against Amazon.
A distant third player, Snapdeal has declined to comment on sale talks and said that it remains focused on achieving profitability, but recent layoffs have heightened speculation about a takeover.
Research firm Gartner called Flipkart's fundraising a positive step.
"This is good news for Flipkart as it solidifies it as a market leader at least in the short term, keeping competition especially Amazon at bay," said Sandy Shen, research director at Gartner.
"Flipkart has been and will continue to make acquisitions to increase scale, and the next challenge is to strategize the path to a sustainable business model within a set timeframe."
(Editing by Rafael Nam and Susan Fenton)
LONDON Global investors raised equity holdings to a 15-month high in April but trimmed U.S. stocks on growing scepticism over what President Donald Trump can deliver, opting instead to boost exposure to attractively valued emerging markets.
A Reuters monthly asset allocation poll of 47 fund managers and chief investment officers in Europe, the United States, Britain and Japan showed overall stock holdings rose 1.1 percentage point to 46.8 percent of investors' global balanced portfolios. This is the highest level since January 2016.
"Economic fundamentals are still supportive of stocks, with growth picking up and interest rates staying low," said Trevor Greetham, head of multi-asset at Royal London Asset Management.
Global stock markets surged to record highs in April .MIWD00000PUS in a relief rally after the French presidential election's first round.
With the market's favoured candidate, centrist Emmanuel Macron going through to face far-right leader Marine Le Pen, worries about an anti-EU candidate winning have receded.
The Reuters poll was carried out between April 18 and 26, but some asset managers waited until the results of the April 23 French vote were known before completing the survey.
British Prime Minister Theresa May's decision to call a snap general election for June 8 also cheered investors, who raised their UK stock holdings 1.1 percentage point to 10.2 percent.
Some, like Peter Lowman, chief investment officer of wealth manager Investment Quorum, believe a larger Conservative majority will strengthen May's hand when negotiating the terms of the UK's Brexit deal.
But managers trimmed U.S. equity exposure to 40.5 percent, the lowest level since Trump was elected in November, as doubts about the reflation rally grew.
Robeco strategist Peter van der Welle is underweight U.S. equities and said: "The U.S. has the highest valuations, while it is also the region where the soft versus hard data conundrum is the most pressing."
U.S. stocks have surged to record highs on Trump's promises to cut taxes and boost public spending, but after his failure to push through a key healthcare reform bill, investors are beginning to question if markets have got ahead of themselves.
U.S. TAX REFORMS
About two-thirds of poll participants who answered a special question on U.S. tax reforms do not expect Trump to push through comprehensive tax cuts this year. His proposals have also fallen short of the comprehensive measures sought by businesses and wealthy taxpayers.
"Trump does not have the political savvy or support to carry his flamboyant campaign pledges through Congress," said Rob Pemberton, investment director at HFM Columbus.
Jan Bopp, asset allocation strategist at Bank J Safra Sarasin, thought that getting approval for deep tax cuts would be at least as difficult as the failed healthcare reform.
"Not only because there is an even deeper split on this issue in the Republican Party than on healthcare reform, but also because these plans affect the interests of all business sectors," he said.
Investors were even more united in their views on the euro/dollar exchange rate, with almost 90 percent of those who answered a special question not expecting it to dip below parity this year.
The euro hit a five-month high after the French election's first round, posting its biggest one-day rise since last June on Monday.
Robeco's van der Welle said a euro-friendly outcome in the French election could "dent the hopes of Grillo's Five-Star Movement in Italy to deliver a mortal blow to the euro project".
Ken Dickson, investment director at Standard Life Investments, said much now depended on U.S. interest rate moves.
"More recently U.S. data has become more mixed and the recent U.S. CPI report was surprisingly soft. If this trend continues the probability of breaking parity will diminish rapidly," he said.
EMERGING MARKETS
Investors were relatively bullish on emerging markets and over 90 percent who answered a special question on the sector predicted more inflows.
Within funds' global equity portfolios, emerging stocks now comprise 15.4 percent, up from 14.9 percent in March. Allocations to Asia ex-Japan rose to 7.1 percent, a six-month high. Emerging debt accounted for 10.8 percent of global bond portfolios, up from 10.5 percent last month.
Jonathan Webster-Smith, head of the multi asset team at Brooks Macdonald expects more inflows, driven by the reflation trade, the global growth picture and attractive valuations.
Justin Onuekwusi, a fund manager at Legal & General Investment Management, agreed.
"A yield of 5 percent is attractive in this low-yielding world and relative to other credit type instruments denominated in U.S. dollars, it is hard not to be positive on EM debt hard currency," he said.
(Additional reporting by Maria Pia Quaglia Regondi; Editing by Keith Weir)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
(Repeats story first published Friday with no changes to text)
By Sinead Carew
NEW YORK, April 28 Don't look for the outperformance of growth stocks to fade any time soon, as long as corporate earnings continue to improve and hopes remain for stronger economic growth.
The Russell 1000 Growth index, which tracks such shares, is up 10.9 percent so far this year, outpacing the U.S. benchmark S&P 500 stock index's 6.6 percent rise and the 2.8 percent advance of the Russell 1000 Value index.
And it's not just a U.S. phenomenon. Growth stocks - whose profits are expected to grow at a faster pace than the broader market - are also outperforming their value counterparts in Asia and Europe. Still, the appeal of riskier stocks perceived as better positioned to ride an accelerating global earnings tailwind, as opposed to those with a greater cushion of safety, is nowhere as far ahead as it is on Wall Street.
In the United States, an improving outlook for corporate earnings should help keep growth names in vogue, according to John Praveen, chief investment strategist at Prudential International Investments Advisers LLC in Newark, New Jersey.
The average estimate of analysts for earnings per share growth this year of S&P 500 companies has risen to 11.3 percent from 10.9 percent at the start of the month, according to Thomson Reuters data, a trend that should continue to blunt concerns about lofty growth valuations.
"When you have an earnings recovery, growth stocks will outperform. When you don't have good earnings, that's when people are looking for value," said Praveen.
Hopes for pro-business U.S. policy changes under the administration of President Donald Trump will likely also keep expectations for economic growth elevated, helping to maintain the case for growth stocks.
"The value stocks have done okay but growth has done so much better in the anticipation we'll see a pickup in economic growth," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. "Companies that are going to be more levered to economic growth tend to be growth stocks."
"Right now I don't see a long term condition for value stocks to outperform growth," said Nolte.
To be sure, some strategists are less convinced that growth stock outperformance will continue indefinitely.
While value stocks, which are cheaper relative to their earnings potential, have tended to do better in slower growth environments historically, JP Morgan Asset Management's global market strategist David Lebovitz says that trend has been changing.
"It's not going to be smooth sailing for one or the other. We think there'll be times people are more optimistic about the economy and in those cases, value can rally. Then you'll see periods where people are less optimistic about the economy, as we've seen over the course of the first quarter," he said.
If economic trends look better in the second quarter, value stocks will do better, Lebovitz said.
In Asia, the MSCI AC Asia ex Japan growth index , is up 18.5 percent so far this year, compared with a 12.6 percent gain for the comparable MSCI value index .
Investment in India, traditionally a growth-driven market, has adjusted in recent years as value stocks have narrowed the gap with growth, which still lead, said Jayesh Shroff, co-founder of investment advisory Cask Capital in Mumbai.
"That is because people were paying a premium for growth and somehow the growth did not materialize. That's why value came back and growth has taken a slight back seat," said Shroff. Still, he said as soon as growth returns, he expects investors to switch their focus back from value.
In China, between 2009 and the 2015 stock market crash, small-cap growth stocks were the market's darlings, but "a new rotation into value blue-chip investments started in 2016,” according to Zhou Liang, fund manager at Shanghai Minority Asset Management Co.
“In 2017, money will flow into blue-chips, as small-caps weaken and lose their luster,” said Zhou.
In Europe, the best outlook for corporate profits in seven years has ignited investor appetite for growth stocks, which are now up twice as much as their value counterparts so far this year, a reversal of the trend seen last year.
As a result the MSCI International Europe growth Index has jumped 8.9 percent this year so far, compared with a 4.5 percent gain for the MSCI International Europe Value index.
With such a big gap between U.S. growth and value stocks, some investors are eying overseas investments.
"The entire U.S. market is very expensive. Value investors definitely don't like to chase expensive valuations," said Michael O'Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut. "I wouldn't expect to see a rotation until you saw a correction where both stock types are lower."
(Additional reporting by Abhirup Roy in Mumbai, Samuel Shen in Shanghai, Helen Reid in London; Editing by Dan Burns and Bernadette Baum)
Another week of WWE TV is finished and the two brands continue to fight for supremacy, so what better way to decide than hearing from you, the wrestling fans. If you missed out on Raw, click here for the results and if you missed out on SmackDown Live, click here for the results of Tuesday night's show.
The question is simple: Which show did you think was better this week: Raw or SmackDown Live? Did the Kevin Owens and Chris Jericho break-up top your list or was Cena vs. Styles vs. Wyatt even better?
See Also WWE Wrestler Announces Retirement
Sounds off with your thoughts in the "Comments" section and tomorrow we'll post a follow-up with the winner, top quotes, along with any ideas that may have trended throughout your replies.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Masked police stand on top of their vehicle on the Champs Elysees Avenue after two policemen were killed and another wounded in a shooting incident in Paris, France, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
CAIRO Islamic State was responsible for an attack in central Paris on Thursday that killed one policeman and wounded two others seriously, the group's Amaq news agency said.
It identified the attacker as one of its soldiers naming him as Abu Yousif, the Belgian.
(Reporting by Muhammad Yamany; writing by John Irish; Editing by Ingrid Melander)
(Rewrites after prosecutor's news conference updating injuries, details of accident)
By Ian Simpson
May 3 Three people were killed and 10 hurt on Wednesday when a car being readied for sale was accidentally driven through a crowded auto auction in Billerica, Massachusetts, a prosecutor said.
An employee of Lynnway Auto Auction was moving a 2006 Jeep Grand Cherokee inside a warehouse when it barreled into a crowd of bidders shortly after 10 a.m. (1400 GMT), Middlesex County District Attorney Marian Ryan said.
Television aerial footage showed that the Jeep smashed through the concrete wall of the warehouse, where several hundred people had gathered for a weekly auction.
"The preliminary information that we have right now is that it was a tragic accident," Ryan told a news conference.
She said the driver was a man in his 70s, but declined to comment on media reports that he may have mistaken the brake and accelerator pedals.
A man and two women were killed, and 10 people were taken to hospitals, Ryan said. Two people had life-threatening injuries and eight were seriously hurt, she said.
Woody Tuttle, an auto auction employee, told ABC affiliate WCVB-TV that people were standing between lanes of cars when the Jeep raced through the auction building, which is the length of a football field.
"I heard a screeching of tires, and, I believe, a Jeep Cherokee went flying by me. In avoiding the cars, whoever was driving this vehicle hit several people," Tuttle said.
Lynnway's website bills the company as the largest auto auction in New England. A company Facebook posting just before the crash showed a photo of vehicles and said that cars were "lined up and ready for a beautiful Wednesday morning."
The Massachusetts State Police said in a statement, "There is no evidence or information to suggest the incident was caused by an intentional or terrorist act." (Reporting by Ian Simpson; editing by Grant McCool)
April 20 Mobile Telecommunications Company Saudi Arabia:
* Reduces its accumulated deficit by 0.78% from 2.27 billion riyals in December 2016, to 2.23 billion riyals as of Q1 2017
* Accumulated deficit due to difficult market conditions in telecom sector, large debt servicing burden, high amortization expenses Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Sometimes news unites the world. People everywhere have been anxiously following the fate of a dozen Thai boys and their football coach trapped in an underground cave. Until last weekend the story looked like a tragedy.
The young football team had ventured into the underground passageways the previous weekend, just before heavy rain flooded the area. As the days passed last week and the rain continued, divers got as far as 3km into the system before they were driven back by the rush of water through a narrow section of the passage. It hardly seemed possible that the boys could be alive.
Now all 13 have been found on a ledge where they had taken refuge from the rising water, the world's attention is no less focused on their fate, possibly more so. Those lads, aged 11 to 16, and their coach, 25, face a challenge that would test people of any age.
None of them are divers accustomed to breathing equipment, yet they will probably have to learn the techniques if the divers who have reached them can bring them out.
Advertisement
Other options are being explored. Pumps are still trying to lower the water level, a search continues for other cave entrances that might be connected to the chamber where the boys are huddled, perhaps it would be possible to drill a shaft to them, or perhaps they can be kept nourished where they are until the rainy season ends in October. None of those sound realistic.
The divers have rigged guide ropes through the passages of murky water and placed air tanks along the route. There is only one way out. And there is no hurry. The trapped can be supplied with all the food, medicine, lighting and communications they might need.
Their only need that cannot be supplied from outside is mental resilience.
The expert rescue divers now with them will be doing their utmost to make the boys relaxed at the idea of a long journey underwater. If this is a typical bunch of early teens, some will be keen to have a go, others definitely not.
Those who are not confident in water will be battling terror. The keen ones will probably be given plenty of practice, because they will need it and because watching them should lessen the fears of the rest.
They were a team when they went into the cave system and they are probably a closer team now. For nearly 10 days they huddled together in darkness and silence deep underground.
They lost track of time, no doubt sleeping fitfully, drinking water dripping from the roof of the cavern, growing ever more hungry and constantly worrying they might not get out.
Compared with that worry, the ordeal they now face must seem manageable. For their families, the relief that their sons have been found alive appears to eclipse any worry about how the boys will get out.
Only the rescuers know how hard it will be to see that the boys do not panic when they find themselves squeezing through narrow confines where the water flow is overwhelming.
Will they all come through? They have done so well together so far.
The world is united in hope that their adventure will have a happy ending.
Migrants sent home $445 billion in 2016, lifting millions out of poverty - report
LONDON, June 14 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Migrants working in rich countries sent home almost half a trillion dollars in 2016, helping to lift families out of poverty by providing financial stability, access to education, housing and healthcare, according to a global report.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A judge has dismissed the state of Tennessee's lawsuit against the federal government over the refugee resettlement program.
The Republican-led Tennessee General Assembly filed the lawsuit in March 2017, arguing the refugee program is forcing the state to spend money on additional services, including health care and education.
In his dismissal order Monday, U.S. District Judge S. Thomas Anderson said it's speculative for Tennessee to contend it might lose $7 billion annually in federal Medicaid money if it refuses to spend state money on refugee services through Medicaid.
The lawsuit didn't have the backing of state Attorney General Herbert Slatery or Republican Gov. Bill Haslam.
Advertisement
The Thomas More Law Center filed the lawsuit for free.
Senate Speaker Randy McNally says lawmakers are discussing appeal options with their attorneys.
April 28 Aisino Corp
* Says Q1 net profit up 7.3 percent y/y at 395.6 million yuan ($57.38 million)
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2qe5892
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8938 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
ULAANBAATAR Mongolia will ban the burning of low-grade coal in its capital Ulaanbaatar within the next decade, the Ministry of Environment and Tourism said, as the country tries to curb toxic air pollution.
Ulaanbaatar is one of the world's most polluted cities and also one of the coldest, and poor residents are forced to burn wood, coal and sometimes even trash as temperatures plunge below minus 40 Celsius (minus 40 Fahrenheit) in winter.
Poor "ger" districts, a sprawl of traditional tents that have sprung up on the edge of the city, account for about 80 percent of Ulaanbaatar's winter smog, which has sparked protests from residents.
The country's parliament has already approved a plan that will outlaw coal burning in the central business district next year, Lkhagvasuren Gunbileg, a senior officer at the National Committee on Reducing Air Pollution, told Reuters.
The ban will be implemented "systematically step-by-step" from 2018, she said, and will later be extended into the ger districts housing many former herders who have migrated to the city.
In these areas, harmful breathable particles known as PM2.5 can reach levels well above 1,000 micrograms per cubic meter during the winter, 40 times the maximum recommended by the World Health Organization.
Ulaanbaatar has previously focused on rehousing ger district residents into apartments with access to the heating grid. The government now plans to connect existing homes to city utilities and provide alternative heating methods, Gunbileg said.
"There will be a technical expo held to demonstrate to the masses what kind of technology is available and options for heating to choose from instead of coal," she said.
Homes with wood burning stoves will be allowed to burn "enhanced coal" that emits less smoke and ash, and the state plans to subsidize electric heating units. Ten factories currently produce these enhanced coal briquettes for homes in Ulaanbaatar, but production lags demand.
Coal, one of Mongolia's major export commodities, is a primary cause of the pollution, producing huge amounts of particulate matter as well as sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide, hazardous components of smog and acid rain.
China's capital Beijing is also slashing coal use, while surrounding Hebei province plans to ban direct coal combustion in nine counties in 2017, with residents set to switch to electricity, natural gas or biomass.
(Reporting by Terrence Edwards; Editing by David Stanway and Richard Pullin)
H.C. Starck's Fabricated Products Division (FPR) is launching its molybdenum thermal spray powders, which are spherical and designed for maximum flowability. H.C. Starck's thermal spray powders are technologically advanced to improve and restore surfaces from large area coatings to small metal components that suffer from the effects of corrosion, erosion and wear usage.
H.C. Starck is focused on providing refractory metal powder product solutions with the highest in quality and performance. Our molybdenum thermal spray powders are optimized for diverse spraying processes such as plasma, flame, detonation and HVAF and HVOF for high velocity spray coating applications. To ensure quality and performance, we offer the best-in-class laboratory services with the latest in analytical tools, testing equipment, modeling and simulation software to assist our research engineers in evaluating product performance. These highly skilled engineers concentrate on providing texture control to enhance the uniformity and performance consistency of our powders. Andreas Mader, CEO, Fabricated Products Division, H.C. Starck
H.C. Starck's molybdenum thermal spray powders extend the life of products by repairing worn and damaged surfaces, and protecting against the detrimental environmental effects found in many applications like automobiles, trains, aircraft and boats to chemical plants, food manufacturing and packaging, mining, earthmoving equipment, power generation where erosion, wear and corrosion are common.
SYDNEY, April 9 New structure of the Super Rugby competition for next season after governing body SANZAAR announced the culling of three as yet to be determined teams on Sunday:
* 120 match regular season plus seven finals
* 15 teams
* Three conferences (New Zealand, Australia, South Africa)
* Japan's Sunwolves to play in Australia conference, Argentina's Jaguares in South Africa.
* 18 rounds (16 matches per team, two bye weeks)
* Each team will play eight matches within its conference (four home and four away)
* Each team will play eight cross-conference matches – against four of the five teams from the other two conferences (four at home and four away)
* Each team will have played 12 of the other teams within the season (85 percent which is up from 70 percent under 2016-17 format).
* Eight team playoffs: Three conference winners and five wild card places – the next best performing teams after the conference winners regardless of conference.
Source: SANZAAR (Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
One person has died following a water rescue south of Auckland, during what has been a tragic weekend on the water.
Police were called to the Awhitu Regional Park, Manukau Harbour, at 12.40pm following reports three people were in trouble in the water.
One person died at the scene.
Two others were taken to Middlemore Hospital via helicopter for assessment.
Advertisement
A staff member from the Awhitu Golf Club said both the Auckland Westpac Rescue Helicopter and the Police Eagle helicopter were involved in the rescue, which was further down the beach toward the Awhitu campground.
Ambulances were also at the scene.
A Coastguard spokesperson referred all questions to police.
The Awhitu incident follows the death of two teenagers yesterday, after they and three friends were swept up by a flash flood in west Auckland's Waitakere Ranges.
The five boys, all from Auckland and aged 17, had been swimming at the Cascade Falls area in the Waitakere Ranges when heavy rain struck around 4.15pm yesterday.
They had tried to scramble onto rocks before attempting to cross to the other side to reach their vehicle. Two had made it to the river bank but three were swept away, police confirmed today.
One then ran to a nearby golf course to raise the alarm. He was taken to Waitakere Hospital with mild hypothermia.
One of the trio swept away managed to grab hold of a tree on the bank of the stream, and was eventually winched to safety by the Westpac Rescue Helicopter about 7:15pm.
Two of the boys were found deceased, Inspector Fata Willi Fanene said. They have been identified as Sosi Turagaiviu and Mitch Woolley, both 17.
At about 6.40pm Sosi Turagaiviu, of Massey, was found in the water under a bridge on Bethells Road, near Te Henga Road, Fanene said.
Then, at about 7.50pm, the body of Mitch Woolley, from Waitakere, was located by search and rescue teams in the Cascade Falls area near where they were swimming.
The boys' deaths have been referred to the coroner.
LONDON, April 30 Arsenal's manager Arsene Wenger won't give up on a top-four finish this season despite a 2-0 defeat by Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday that ensured they will finish below their local rivals for the first time in his 21 years at the club.
Draws for Manchester City and Manchester United in the Premier League earlier on Sunday took them six and five points respectively above Wenger's side, who have a game in hand, in the race for Champions League football next season.
Next weekend Arsenal, who have reached an FA Cup final against league leaders Chelsea, play at home to United and must win to keep up their hopes of a place in the top four.
“It will be very difficult but we have to fight,” Wenger told reporters after Sunday's loss at White Hart Lane. “We have a cup final and the chance to get in the top four.
“We have to give everything in every game. We couldn't afford to lose the game today.
“We have to play more and create more than we did today."
Dele Alli put Spurs ahead after 55 minutes before Harry Kane was fouled in the area soon after and converted the penalty.
Wenger felt the first goal and the spot kick were soft.
“Spurs were sharper than us physically and we were too restricted in our game. At the moment, we are not back to the level of confidence we need to play in the way we can.
“The desire was there but we lacked something today."
Like his counterpart Mauricio Pochettino, Wenger was also keen to emphasise that there are more important aspects to a season than finishing above your greatest rivals.
Sunday's win means Spurs are guaranteed to finish above bitter rivals Arsenal for the first time since 1995.
"Well done to them, but when you start the championship the target is not to finish above Spurs, it is to fight for the title," said the Frenchman.
“In 20 years it happened once. Mathematically it has to happen once. We're not happy with it but we don't compare ourselves to Spurs, we compare ourselves to where we want to be."
At the moment, Arsenal are some way off that. (Editing by Ken Ferris)
A player wears a jersey with the name and number of U.S. President Donald Trump during the U.S. Pond Hockey Championships on Lake Nokomis in Minneapolis. The entire team took names of actors in the movie "Home Alone 2" in which Trump had a cameo...more
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
April 3 Partner Communications Company Ltd:
* Partner Communications reports the interest rate for the series d notes for the period commencing on March 31, 2017 and ending on June 30, 2017
* Partner Communications - Series D notes will bear interest at a rate of 0.335% for period commencing on March 31, 2017 and ending on June 30, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
BERLIN Second-placed RB Leipzig made a small dent in Bayern Munich's huge Bundesliga lead when they won 3-2 at struggling Mainz 05 on Wednesday, helped by a brilliant solo goal from Naby Keita.
The Bundesliga debutants were on the back foot for most of the first half but took control when Marcel Sabitzer and Timo Werner scored with headers in a four-minute spell just after the restart.
Jairo Samperio pulled one back from a penalty for Mainz but a brilliant effort from Guinea midfielder Keita, who evaded half the Mainz team before capping his run with a stylish finish, settled the match nine minutes from the end.
Yoshinoro Muto's consolation goal came too late for the hosts who had Jean-Philippe Gbamin sent off.
Leipzig are 10 points behind Bayern who suffered only their second defeat of the season, 1-0 at Hoffenheim on Tuesday.
Mainz is 15th on 29 points with only goal difference keeping them above Augsburg in the relegation playoff spot.
Augsburg lost 3-2 at home to Ingolstadt who are four points and one place below them but have raised hopes of an escape act after two wins in four days.
Ingolstadt led 3-0 with 20 minutes left thanks to two goals from Almog Cohen after Sonny Kittel had opened the scoring following a mix-up between Augsburg goalkeeper Marwin Hitz and Kevin Danso.
Augsburg made a game of it with a penalty from Paul Verhaegh and close-range effort from Halil Altintop but it was too late.
VfL Wolfsburg lost 1-0 at home to Freiburg and stayed only one point ahead of the relegation playoff spot after Florian Niederlechner scored on the break in the 78th minute.
Bayer Leverkusen won 2-0 at basement club Darmstadt and Borussia Moenchengladbach edged Hertha Berlin 1-0 in the other games.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne, editing by Neil Robinson)
March 31 Banner Corp
* Banner Corporation renews stock repurchase program
* Banner Corp - shares may be repurchased by company in open market purchases
* Board of Directors has renewed its authorization to repurchase up to 5 percent of its common stock, or 1.6 million shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
Finding repeated or reliable providers for shutters and installers is quite difficult these days and that's where reliable and experienced companies such as GB Entrance Engineers come into the picture.
photo. jpg
Contact
GB Entrance Engineering Ltd
***@gbenteng.com GB Entrance Engineering Ltd
End
-- GB Entrance Engineers is a name that is associated with reliability and trust and anyone who's looking for trustablewould find that they are a suitable choice. This is a company that has laid its foundation on providing premium quality service to all their customers. Shutters, especially in the commercial niche are crucial because you don't want your business or warehouse to suffer from security or safety lapses. Their on-going target is to deliver service excellence to their customers. The end to end of the entire installation and supplying contract is done with caution and be ensured that mistakes are not going to happen.They are based in the U.K. and provide service to almost the entire part of North England. Their ace engineers are placed strategically across the northern part of England and ensure that you have a good experience with them. They are a company that is fully equipped with a vast array of van stock. They also hold base in their Lancashire and Yorkshire premises. Doing so gives them dual advantage of having accessible stock and also permits them to guarantee downtime is kept to a minimum.GB Entrance Engineers provides you with a range of services that include repair, maintenance and installation for different kinds of industrial and pedestrian doors. Be assured that you will be offered all the assistance that you need through this tenure and thus smooth operation and reliability can be expected. GB Entrance Engineers ensures that everything will be done in compliance with the industry standards, building regulations and BS standards.Their services also range from new door installation and replacements to providing you a quick turnaround in their services and helping keep the downtime to the minimum. With them, you can always get:• Value and quality• Courtesy and trustBesides this, the company also takes pride in constantly updating and upgrading their services to offer you up-to-date premium quality services. If you have any doubts or queries about shutters and installation processes, you can send your queries or get a quotation form by their technical representative. You can expect a quick response time and satisfying answers from them for your queries that will leave you assured of their expertise.Contact details:Website URL - http://www.gbenteng.com/ Lancashire OfficeUnit 8 Rinus Business Park, Grimshaw Street,Darwen, Lancashire BB3 2QX0844 381 9299Yorkshire OfficeUnit 9E2 Carcroft Enterprise Park,Carcroft, Doncaster DN6 8DD0844 381 9299
April 21 Woolworths Ltd
* Notes that an award has now been made in confidential arbitration between woolworths and lowe's in relation to their home improvement joint venture.
* Woolworths will be able to conclude proposed transaction with home consortium without consent of lowe's
* Lowe's is now required to sell its shares in joint venture co, Hydrox Holdings Pty for a value determined by a third-party independent expert as at 18 jan 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
MONACO Gianluigi Buffon celebrated his 100th Champions League game for Juventus in typical fashion on Wednesday, making a string of brilliant saves in a 2-0 win at Monaco in the first leg of their semi-final.
To pay tribute to the 39-year-old goalkeeper, who has been a Juve stalwart for over 16 years, his club posted a video on Twitter before the game featuring some of his finest moments in the showcase competition.
They could now make it a bit longer with the highlights of his performance against Monaco in which he repeatedly denied the principality team's dangerous strikers, including teenage striker Kylian Mbappe.
"They (Juventus) had two chances and scored two goals, we had many and scored none, that says it all", said 18-year-old striker Mbappe, who had scored 18 goals in his last 18 competitive games, including three in the 6-3 aggregate win over Borussia Dortmund in the last eight.
Keeping a clean sheet against free-scoring Monaco, who have netted a massive 146 goals in all competitions this season, was no easy task and required a top keeper.
Buffon, who has conceded two goals in this Champions League campaign and gone over 600 minutes without picking the ball out of his net, again proved he was just that, most notably when he tipped a Valere Germain header over his bar in the closing stages.
He was careful, however, not to get carried away.
"We approached the game the way we had to and did what he had to do," Buffon told BeIN Sports television.
"We do have an advantage but we also know Monaco have excellent players capable of scoring away. It's not over."
Arguably the finest goalkeeper of his generation, Buffon has collected plenty of silverware during his illustrious career, winning six Serie A titles with Juve and lifting the World Cup with Italy in 2006.
He has, however, never won the Champions League, losing two finals with Juventus, in 2003 and 2015.
A third final looks pretty close and maybe Juventus will soon be posting another video with more acrobatics from their flying veteran.
(writing by Patrick Vignal in Paris, editing by Ed Osmond)
The following individuals have been booked into the Sublette County Detention Center:
March 12th – March 19
Rafael Cotto, of Raleigh North Carolina, was arrested on March 13th on a warrant out of Connecticut.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Michael Delaney, of Pinedale, was arrested on March 18th for alleged simple assault.
Rex Dohrmann, of Pinedale, was arrested on March 14th on a warrant out of Sweetwater County.
Keith Fila, of Big Piney, was arrested on March 13trh for alleged public intoxication.
Justin Blevins, of Pinedale, was arrested on March 18th for alleged DUI.
Jeffrey Lewis, of Pinedale, was arrested on March 15th on a warrant for probation revocation.
Noe Lozano, of Brighton Colorado, was arrested on March 18th on two warrants for failure to pay.
Kara Ranta, of Marbleton, was arrested on March 15th for an alleged probation violation.
Christopher Tebedo, of Grand Junction, Colorado was arrested on March 19th for alleged reckless endangerment.
Jared Foster, of Pinedale, was arrested on March 14th for an alleged DUI and speeding.
Benjamin Whitman, of Marbleton, was arrested on March 13th on a warrant out of Sweetwater County.
GUANTANAMO BAY U.S. NAVAL BASE, Cuba (Reuters) - On the eastern edge of Cuba, lies the tale of two cities, Guantanamo the city and Guantanamo the U.S. naval base. Both are testament to the gulf between the two countries and their cultures.
On the base, the uniforms are camouflage. In the city, they are for school or sports. Magazines and books fill the spare time of those at the base, while in the city, cafes, parades and dominoes play that role.
The base is more than a century old, but the Cuban government that came to power with the 1959 revolution has considered it illegal under international law. The U.S. decision in 2002 to send foreign terrorism suspects to a newly constructed detention camp on the base heightened tensions.
Now U.S. President Donald Trump has ordered this week that the centre remain open after his predecessor, Barack Obama, unsuccessfully attempted to close the widely condemned prison. Its inmate population stands at 41.
Just 18 miles (29 km) apart, the base on the bay with 5,500 personnel and the inland city of 217,000 people do not mix. Their radio stations chronicle their separate and distinct lives.
A combination picture shows an unidentified member of the U.S. Army standing by an empty cell inside a prison at the U.S. Naval Base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, June 3, 2017 (L) and a girl taking a break during a soccer game under heavy rain in the city of Guantanamo, Cuba, December 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
Radio Reloj, a Cuban government-run station, promotes the culture of Cuba under the island's communist leadership. It extols the virtues of a 20-year-old swimmer who qualifies for the World Aquatics Championships in Budapest as well as the booming potato exports to Latin America. The sound of a ticking clock - a “reloj” in Spanish - hums beneath the announcements. At the U.S. naval base, however, Radio Gitmo caters to an expat community, offering tips on the optimal amount of alcohol to consume after dinner and warning of the negative effects of feeding the bay's iguana population.
The two Guantanamos capture the stark contrasts of the neighbouring populations with hardly any communication between them. Still, small strands of similarity could be found. At the base, a U.S. soldier patrols the area, while a portrait of Cuban revolutionary hero Che Guevara adorns a wall in the city.
Slideshow (14 Images)
An austere, windowless cell for detainees contrasts with locals playing dominoes outside their homes at dusk. A lone prisoner walks along a dark cellblock, while a group of passengers rides the local bus.
Guantanamo is a stark mix of military order or spontaneous joy, bunkers or bright blue doors, Caribbean sea or sugar cane fields.
Related photo essay at reut.rs/2FAM6Oa
Dr. Scott Gottlieb testifies before a Senate Health Education Labor and Pension Committee confirmation hearing on his nomination to be commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
Dr. Scott Gottlieb testifies before a Senate Health Education Labor and Pension Committee confirmation hearing on his nomination to be commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
Democratic senators questioned President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, over his ties to the pharmaceutical industry on Wednesday, with one citing "a level of discomfort" over his nomination.
Democrats on the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions questioned whether Gottlieb's ties to the pharmaceutical industry would compromise his ability to act impartially, ahead of a vote on whether to advance his nomination to the full Senate.
Gottlieb, a former FDA deputy commission who is a partner at a large venture capital fund and sits on the boards of multiple healthcare companies, has advocated loosening requirements needed for approval of new medical products.
His nomination is generally expected to be approved. The hearing also covered Gottlieb's views on issues ranging from clinical trials to the opioid epidemic and vaccines.
Senator Chris Murphy said Democrats had "a level of discomfort" with Gottlieb's nomination, not just because of his private industry background but also because of his prior activity as a political adviser to Republican presidential candidates and opposition to the Affordable Care Act.
"The worry about impartiality is certainly connected to the private sector experience but it's also to your very deep political involvement as well," Murphy said.
Gottlieb, 44, acknowledged the concern, but said he would "work hard to make sure I preserve my impartiality."
In an ethics disclosure form filed last month Gottlieb said he would resign from multiple corporate boards and divest his healthcare company holdings.
Republicans on the committee said Gottlieb's background would provide him with valuable insight into the industry that the FDA regulates.
Gottlieb said his goal was to implement the provisions in the recently passed 21st Century Cures Act that among other things require the FDA to consider ways to streamline the clinical trial process. He said he would be in favor of "clinical trial constructs that don't require the tight randomization that current clinical trials do."
Gottlieb also said he would be willing to challenge the view that vaccines cause autism, a theory that has been widely debunked by vaccine experts. In January Trump's transition team floated the idea of forming a panel on autism.
In 2014 Trump said in a tweet that he believed in vaccinations "but not massive, all at once, shots" and that "Govt. Should stop NOW!"
Gottlieb said the question of whether vaccines cause autism "is one of the most exhaustively studied issues in medicine" and that there is no causal link between vaccines and autism. Pressed on whether he would challenge contrary views, Gottlieb said he has a history "of not being shy about speaking truth to power and making my views known."
Gottlieb called the opioid epidemic "a public health emergency on the order of Ebola and Zika." He said it is the biggest health crisis facing the FDA and that solving the problem would require a broad public health response.
Gottlieb, who held a financial interest in the vape shop Kure, said some e-cigarettes may have the potential to wean smokers off combustible cigarettes and be less harmful.
"An e-cigarette or vaping product might be a good smoking cessation tool while a chocolate chip-flavored e-cigarette might not be," he said. Ultimately, he said, science will tell where to draw that line.
(Reporting by Toni Clarke; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
U.S. media group Meredith Corp (MDP.N) has made a preliminary acquisition offer to Time Inc (TIME.N) that fell short of the price expectations of the publisher of Sports Illustrated and Fortune magazines, according to people familiar with the matter.
The gap in valuation expectations could represent a setback to Time Inc's efforts to sell itself. It comes after an investor group led by former music executive Edgar Bronfman Jr abandoned its pursuit of Time Inc in March, following a $1.8 billion (1.44 billion pounds) offer it made late last year.
While Time Inc is looking to sell itself for more than $20 per share, Meredith has so far made a preliminary offer with a price range that values it below that, the people said this week. The exact price range that Meredith has offered could not be learnt.
The sources cautioned that Time Inc is still willing to engage with Meredith in price negotiations, which have yet to kick off in earnest. Time Inc has also been pursuing offers from other parties in what is sees as a competitive sale process, according to the sources.
Time Inc shares dropped 4 percent to $18.20, giving the company a market capitalization of around $1.8 billion. Meredith shares were down 1.8 percent to $63.20, giving that company a market capitalization of $2.8 billion.
An investment group led by private equity firm Pamplona Capital Management LP remains interested in Time Inc, but it also considers it unlikely that it can meet its price expectations, according to the sources.
The sources asked not to be identified because the sale process is confidential. Time, Meredith and Pamplona declined to comment.
An acquisition of Time Inc would give Meredith the scale required to spin off its broadcasting arm into a standalone company. Many of Meredith's competitors, from Tronc Inc (TRNC.O) to Tribune Media Co (TRCO.N), have shed their publishing operations following a drop in print advertising revenue.
Time Inc has been weighing a sale of the company for the past several months, amid a decline in earnings.
For the fourth quarter, the company reported lower-than-expected quarterly profit and revenue. Print ad revenue, which accounts for more than two-thirds of its total ad sales, fell 10.2 percent in the three months to Dec. 31, from a year earlier.
This would not be the first time that Meredith has come close to buying Time Inc. In 2013 Meredith and Time Inc's owner at the time, Time Warner, were in talks about a deal for Time Inc but the discussions ended unsuccessfully. Time Warner then spun off Time Inc as a stand-alone company in 2014.
Time Inc has since made attempts to expand beyond its print roots by going on a shopping spree for digital media firms. It acquired Viant Technology, an advertising technology firm that owns Myspace, an early social media company.
Time Inc replaced its chief executive last year after activist hedge fund Jana Partners LLC unveiled a stake in the company. The deadline for any activist shareholder to put forward nominees to challenge the company's board director picks is April 21.
Meredith tried to merge with Richmond, Virginia-based broadcaster Media General in 2015, but Nexstar Broadcasting Inc swooped in with a higher bid, acquiring Media General for $4.6 billion.
(Reporting by Lauren Hirsch and Jessica Toonkel in New York; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
MILAN Serie A's coaching rumour mill has ground into action in the last few days even with the current season's title still up for grabs and the battle for European places hotting up.
Will Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri be lured to the Premier League or even Barcelona next season? Is journeyman coach Stefano Pioli really the right man for Inter Milan? Will Luciano Spalletti leave AS Roma at the end the season? Are coaches such as Roberto Mancini and Claudio Ranieri set for a Serie A return?
The biggest doubts concern Spalletti, after Roma's cup elimination at the hands of neighbours Lazio on Tuesday, and Pioli after Monday's home league defeat by Sampdoria.
Spalletti had already said that he would reconsider his future if Roma did not win silverware this season and they now need to make up a six-point gap on leaders Juventus in Serie A for that to happen.
"I have my destiny in my own hands, nobody else, and it depends only on me," the shaven-headed coach said after Roma beat Lazio 3-2 on Tuesday but lost their Coppa Italia semi-final 4-3 on aggregate.
"We keep saying we have to win, we are strong, but if we don't win then someone has to take responsibility," added Spalletti, whose side visit Bologna on Sunday.
Pioli, meanwhile, has rescued Inter from a disastrous start to the season since replacing Frank de Boer in October to become their ninth coach in the last six years.
A run of wins lifted Inter up the table but Monday's defeat at San Siro has virtually ended their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League next season.
Italian media now believe that the club's Chinese owners will want a more renowned name for next season, such as Atletico Madrid's Diego Simeone or Sevilla's Jorge Sampaoli, than the former central defender.
Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri, on the other hand, is now starting to look too big for Serie A - which lives in the shadows of the Premier League and La Liga - and has been mentioned as a possible replacement should Arsene Wenger not stay at Arsenal.
Allegri himself, however, suggested there was little reason to leave the Serie A titleholders, who are still chasing a league, cup and Champions League treble, and host Chievo on Saturday.
"I would like to continue because I'm fine here," he said. "I haven't spoken to the club yet but there are few clubs around equal to or better than Juventus."
(Writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Mark Heinrich)
April 12 Apple Inc has hired a team of biomedical engineers as part of a secret initiative, initially envisioned by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, to develop sensors to treat diabetes, CNBC reported citing three people familiar with the matter.
The engineers are expected to work at a nondescript office in Palo Alto, miles (km) away from the corporate headquarters, CNBC said. (cnb.cx/2nGgn9P)
Apple was not immediately available for comment. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
April 5 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** The Liberal governments in Ottawa and Quebec City appear to be trying to close the door on the pay hike controversy at Bombardier Inc, saying the plane maker took appropriate action in wake of the uproar. tgam.ca/2nDkEFU
** As the International Criminal Court struggles to quell a mutiny by its African members, the Canadian government has begun a quiet backroom effort to find a compromise with South Africa, the court's most powerful African opponent. tgam.ca/2nDjdqX
NATIONAL POST
** The heads of Bank of Montreal and Bank of Nova Scotia defended their organizations' sales practices to shareholders on Tuesday, with the latter's chief executive calling allegations of aggressive tactics at some banks "largely unsubstantiated." bit.ly/2nDbE3F
** Realtors in Vancouver, Canada's most expensive city for housing, predict prices will continue to rise amid a shortage of listings they maintain is stifling the market. bit.ly/2nDmdE2 (Compiled by Gaurika Juneja in Bengaluru)
Ioan Ficior, 89, a Romanian communist-era labour prison commander is escorted by police at the end of his trial in Bucharest, Romania, March 29, 2017. Inquam Photos/Liviu Florin Albei via REUTERS
Ioan Ficior, 89, a Romanian communist-era labour prison commander is escorted by police at the end of his trial in Bucharest, Romania, March 29, 2017. Inquam Photos/Liviu Florin Albei via REUTERS
BUCHAREST An 89-year-old communist-era labour prison commander faces the rest of his life in prison after Romania's top court ruled on Wednesday he must stay 20 years behind bars for murder and crimes against humanity.
Ioan Ficior was sentenced for involvement in the deaths of 103 inmates at the Danube delta prison labour colony of Periprava, the second case of its kind since the collapse of Nicolae Ceausescu's dictatorship in December 1989.
Ficior was accused of subjecting political inmates to beatings and starvation and denying them medical treatment and heating. He was in charge of the prison from 1958 to 1963.
The court ruling, quoting the prosecutors, said: "The biggest death toll - 53 - occurred in 1960. The youngest inmate who died was 19 years old and the oldest was 71."
The former commander protested his innocence, saying: "I did not get involved in such deeds that I'm accused of."
Prosecutors have said detainees were subjected to water and food shortages, beatings with steel wire, lack of medicines and long working hours in maize fields.
Former detainee Gheorghe Tomici recalled: "Personally I have been forced by guards to pluck grass with my teeth."
"I remember a lawyer who left a blade of grass behind during the manual weeding of the maize fields. He was forced by security guards to pluck the weed with his mouth. I remember seeing his dentures in the ground," he said.
According to the Institute for Investigation of Communist Crimes (IICCMER), up to 2 million Romanians were estimated to have been killed, imprisoned, deported, relocated or otherwise victimized between 1945 and 1989.
(Reporting by Radu Marinas; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
March 30 Premiere Horizon Alliance Corporation
* Approved terms of preferred shares offering of West Palawan Premiere Development (WPP)
* WPP intends to offer by way of private placement up to 500 million pesos worth of preferred shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Krishna V Kurup April 12 Most Southeast Asian stocks rose on Wednesday, but brewing geopolitical tensions kept a lid on gains, with Singapore headed for a second straight day of losses. The heightened geopolitical risks have dampened an otherwise brightening outlook for global economic growth, led by the United States, encouraging momentum in export-reliant Asia. North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific. Japan's navy also plans joint drills with the U.S. force, sources told Reuters. Meanwhile, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was in Moscow to denounce Russian support for Syria's Bashar al-Assad, raising the stakes in the Middle East. Investors in Southeast Asian markets have factored in the geopolitical risks, said Rachelle Cruz, a research analyst with AP Securities. "That is one of the reasons why foreign inflows have been strong for the emerging markets," she added. Thai shares rose as much as 0.4 percent to hit a two-month high, boosted by energy and telecom shares. Thai energy company PTT Pcl rose 0.5 percent as a rise in oil prices gave support, while mobile operator Advanced Info Service Pcl gained 0.9 percent. Indonesian shares were also up, with the index of the country's 45 most liquid stocks gaining 0.3 percent. Natural gas utility PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) rose 3.7 percent. Singapore shares fell as much as 0.3 percent, with telecom stocks the biggest drag on the benchmark. Singapore Telecommunications Ltd dropped 1.8 percent. Vietnam fell as much as 0.6 percent, with consumer stocks the biggest decliners. "Market has reached a plateau as short-term technical indicators suggest it is mildly overbought," said Fiachra Mac Cana, head of research at Ho Chi Minh Securities. "Minor movements suggests a very mixed view with some investors happy to buy on dips as they expect a positive Q1 earnings season and good news on FOL (foreign ownership limit) from some companies at the upcoming AGMs (annual general meeting)." For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS :Change at 0510 GMT Market Current Prev close Pct Move Singapore 3170.35 3174.75 -0.14 Bangkok 1586.1 1582.78 0.21 Manila 7623.3 7601.4 0.29 Jakarta 5643.873 5627.933 0.28 Kuala Lumpur 1737.45 1735.84 0.09 Ho Chi Minh 727.29 731.33 -0.55 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3170.35 2880.76 10.05 Bangkok 1586.1 1542.94 2.80 Manila 7623.3 6840.64 11.4 Jakarta 5643.873 5296.711 6.55 Kuala Lumpur 1737.45 1641.73 5.83 Ho Chi Minh 727.29 664.87 9.4 (Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Urvashi Goenka; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
FILE PHOTO: Refugee advocates react as they hold placards and yell slogans during a protest in central Sydney, Australia, October 5, 2016 calling for the closure of the Australian detention centres located in Nauru and Manus Island. REUTERS/David Gray
SYDNEY The future of an Australia's controversial asylum-seeker detention centre in Papua New Guinea will be discussed during a two-day visit by Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to the Pacific island nation starting Friday.
Australia is under pressure from human rights groups and the United Nations to close its two Pacific island detention centres, which have been widely criticised for cramped conditions, inadequate medical care and violence.
The Papua New Guinea Supreme Court ruled last year that the country's Manus island detention centre should close, forcing Australia and its Pacific island ally to confirm it would close the camp during 2017.
"The primary reason for Turnbull's visit is to discuss economic prospects but the topic of Manus island will be addressed too," a source familiar with the visit told Reuters on Thursday.
Turnbull's trip to Papua New Guinea comes a day after he met with Baron Waqa, the president of Nauru, and thanked him for hosting Australia's second detention centre in the Pacific.
Waga later met Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop to discuss the future of Nauru after the detention centre closes, though no timetable was given for the closure.
"We want to look at the economic opportunities for Nauru post the regional processing centre," Bishop said at a meeting Waqa in Sydney.
Australia has a strict policy of not allowing anyone who tries to reach the country by boat to settle there, instead detaining them in the Pacific camps, where asylum claims processing can take years, and even if they are found to be genuine refugees they are still barred from Australia.
Australia agreed with former U.S. President Barack Obama late last year for the United States to resettle up to 1,250 asylum seekers held in the Australian-funded camps. In return, Australia would resettle refugees from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.
Any person not settled will be given the choice of residency in PNG or a 20-year visa on Nauru.
Turnbull's visit to Papua New Guinea will overlap that of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, which begun collecting biometric information of some of the near 900 men held on Manus Island earlier this week.
U.S. officials collected similar information from asylum seekers on Nauru late last month, a move that reassured observers that despite U.S. President Trump describing the asylum seeker deal with Australia as "dumb", the deal was at this stage proceeding.
After leaving Papua New Guinea, Turnbull will travel to India where he will seek to advance trade between the two countries. Trade between Australia and India was worth nearly A$20 billion ($15.08 billion) last year and both nations hope to accelerate it with a free trade agreement.
($1 = 1.3266 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Colin Packham; Editing by Michael Perry)
April 13 BWX Technologies Inc
* BWXT awarded ca$55 million contract for feeder supply in support of OPG's Darlington refurbishment
* BWX Technologies Inc - project duration will be approximately five years
* BWX Technologies Inc - unit been awarded feeder manufacturing contract from SNC-Lavalin / Aecon joint venture valued at approximately CA$55 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Six Flags Entertainment Corp
* Process to accelerate share repurchase program initiated by six Flags
* Six Flags Entertainment - board approved a stock repurchase plan that allows company to repurchase an incremental $500 million of its common stock
* Has completed an analysis of costs and benefits of pursuing a spin-off of its real estate assets into a reit
* Six Flags Entertainment Corp - determined that it would not be in best interests of its shareholders to proceed with spin-off transaction at this time Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Preferred Apartment Communities Inc :
* Preferred Apartment Communities Inc - co as sponsor, and unit as borrower entered into a credit agreement with federal home loan mortgage corporation
* Preferred Apartment Communities Inc - credit agreement in connection with a $200 million acquisition revolving credit facility Source text (bit.ly/2nwLvFg) Further company coverage:
March 31Lepu Medical Technology (Beijing) Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 30 percent to 40 percent, or to be 230 million yuan to 247.6 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (176.9 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/yIUmCq
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Barrington woman sues village over neighbors' house
hello
A Barrington woman has filed a federal lawsuit claiming the village government allowed her neighbors to build a house that violates local law.
Karen McCarthy contends in the suit, filed in U.S. District Court in Chicago, the house constructed next to her South Summit Street house is too big for the lot it's on. Signs warning against trespassing on McCarthy's private property face the neighbors in question, Kara and Adam O'Dempsey.
McCarthy seeks an injunction requiring the O'Dempseys' house, built last year, to conform to Barrington's zoning law, as well as compensatory damages. The village is the lead defendant in her suit, which includes the O'Dempseys.
She expressed concern about the couple's house about four months before it was finished when she spoke during public comment time at a Barrington village board meeting in April 2016. McCarthy voiced disappointment that she demolished an old house and built a new structure on the property where she's lived since 1991.
"I wish I had never built my house," she told the village board. "I wish I would have packed my bags and left Barrington long ago."
Barrington spokeswoman Patty Dowd Schmitz said village officials cannot comment on McCarthy's accusations, citing the pending litigation. The O'Dempseys and McCarthy could not be reached Monday.
McCarthy contends Barrington's issuance of construction permits for the O'Dempseys' house violated her due process rights under the 14th Amendment, according to the lawsuit filed on her behalf by attorney Bradley Loberg on July 31. Loberg didn't return messages for comment.
It also is alleged in McCarthy's suit the neighboring house is an "unlawful structure" in violation of Barrington's zoning enabling act. The complaint says the house should not have been built without a variation from village zoning regulations because it exceeds a permitted maximum 6,236 in "floor area square footage."
According to the lawsuit, the O'Dempseys bought a house on South Summit Street in January 2015 and had it torn down to make way for the new house that was completed in late August 2016.
"Throughout this construction period, Ms. McCarthy repeatedly raised questions to the village about the size of the structure, which seemed too large for the lot," the suit states.
McCarthy, an architect, was a member of Barrington's Village Center Redevelopment Commission until it was disbanded after five years in 2002.
LONDON, April 12 (IFR) - Saudi Arabia is set to raise US$9bn, according to a lead, in the largest-ever sukuk offering.
The sovereign has launched five and 10-year tranches, each US$4.5bn in size. The lead managers set the final spread at 100bp over mid-swaps for the shorter-dated note and plus 140bp for the longer-dated sukuk.
The five-year was initially marketed at plus 115bp area, and guidance was set at plus 105bp area.
Initial price thoughts for the 10-year were at plus 155bp area, and guidance was set at plus 145bp area.
The final order books were in excess of US$33bn, evenly split.
The deal will be priced later today.
Citi, HSBC (B&D) and JP Morgan are global coordinators. They are joined as leads by BNP Paribas, Deutsche Bank and NCB Capital.
The 144A/Reg S deal will be rated A1 by Moody's and A+ by Fitch. (Reporting by Robert Hogg; editing by Sudip Roy)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at stumps on the third day in the second Test between West Indies and Pakistan on Tuesday in Bridgetown, Barbados West Indies 1st innings 312 (R. Chase 131, J. Holder 58; M. Abbas 4-56) Pakistan 1st innings (Overnight: 172-3) Azhar Ali c Dowrich b Bishoo 105 Ahmed Shehzad c Hope b Bishoo 70 Babar Azam c&b Gabriel 0 Younis Khan c Gabriel b Bishoo 0 Misbah-ul-Haq c Hope b Holder 99 Asad Shafiq lbw b Holder 15 Sarfraz Ahmed c K. Powell b Gabriel 9 Shadab Khan c Chase b Gabriel 16 Mohammad Amir c Hope b Holder 10 Yasir Shah c Dowrich b Gabriel 24 Mohammad Abbas not out 1 Extras (b-16 lb-16 nb-12) 44 Total (all out, 140 overs) 393 Fall of wickets: 1-155 A. Shehzad,2-156 B. Azam,3-161 Y. Khan,4-259 Az. Ali,5-316 Misbah-ul-Haq,6-325 S. Ahmed,7-329 A. Shafiq,8-354 M. Amir,9-384 S. Khan,10-393 Y. Shah Bowling S. Gabriel 32 - 6 - 81 - 4(nb-9) A. Joseph 19 - 5 - 48 - 0 R. Chase 19 - 2 - 74 - 0(nb-1) J. Holder 29 - 11 - 42 - 3(nb-2) D. Bishoo 41 - 11 - 116 - 3 West Indies 2nd innings K. Brathwaite not out 8 K. Powell c S. Ahmed b Abbas 6 S. Hetmyer not out 22 Extras (b-4) 4 Total (for 1 wickets, 14 overs) 40 Fall of wickets: 1-8 K. Powell To bat: S. Hope, V. Singh, R. Chase, S. Dowrich, J. Holder, D. Bishoo, A. Joseph, S. Gabriel Bowling Mohammad Amir 4 - 2 - 7 - 0 Mohammad Abbas 5 - 1 - 14 - 1 Yasir Shah 3 - 1 - 6 - 0 Shadab Khan 2 - 0 - 9 - 0 Referees Umpire: Richard Kettleborough Umpire: Bruce Oxenford TV umpire: Richard Illingworth Match referee: Chris Broad
Every once in a while, you'll see someone paying it forward, usually at a fast food restaurant or a coffee shop.
However, one man took it to the extreme, and spend almost his entire day sitting in an Ice Cream shop buying everyone's treat. he then tipped the servers $100 each.
If that doesn't warm your heart, no pun intended, then nothing will.
Check it out here.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Vienna, 23 April 2018
DWH Deutsche Werte Holding AG is switching to the mid market segment with effect from today. The shares of the German property developer have been tradable on the exchange-regulated “Third Market” since 7 December 2017. With this upgrade, the company offers its investors a plus in information. By being included in the “mid market”, the company is contractually bound to comply with increased transparency, quality and publicity criteria. DWH Deutsche Werte Holding is supported by Capital Lounge GmbH as Capital Market Coach. As market maker, ICF BANK AG Wertpapierhandelsbank ensures sufficient liquidity in continuous trading between 9:00 and 17:30 hours.
This example shows how important the exchange-regulated “Third Market” is as a starting point for the first step on the Vienna Stock Exchange. An easily accessible stock exchange segment promotes the further development of companies on the domestic capital market. Only recently, the Ministry of Finance announced that the existing obstacles for domestic companies would be removed. The government plans to enable bearer shares of Austrian companies to be traded on the Third Market again. The Vienna Stock Exchange hopes for a rapid legal implementation and is already in the starting blocks with a new, attractive offer for companies. This means that Austrian companies will again be able to profit from easy access to the stock exchange in the future.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Agf Management Ltd:
* AGF MANAGEMENT LIMITED - NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID
* AGF MANAGEMENT LTD - ‍TSX HAS APPROVED AGF‘S NOTICE OF INTENTION TO RENEW ITS NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID IN RESPECT OF ITS CLASS B NON-VOTING SHARES​
* AGF MANAGEMENT LTD - ‍UNDER ANNOUNCED NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID, AGF IS PERMITTED TO PURCHASE UP TO 6.1 MILLION CLASS B NON-VOTING SHARES​
* AGF MANAGEMENT LTD - ‍PURCHASES UNDER NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID MAY COMMENCE ON FEBRUARY 6, 2018 AND CONTINUE UNTIL FEBRUARY 5, 2019, WHEN BID EXPIRES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The office building of health insurer Anthem in seen in Los Angeles, California February 5, 2015. REUTERS/Gus Ruelas
WASHINGTON Health insurer Anthem Inc (ANTM.N) denied a report on Thursday that it was in negotiations with the Justice Department in an effort to save its merger with smaller rival Cigna Corp (CI.N).
Cigna shares jumped as much as 2.4 percent early in the session on a spike in trading volume to hit their highest level since July 2015. Anthem was last up 1.3 percent to $168.95. Cigna was up 2.3 percent at $155.50.
The companies are awaiting a decision from a federal appeals court, which had been asked to rule on whether the Justice Department could stop the $54 billion merger on antitrust grounds. The lawsuit was originally brought by the Obama administration and a federal judge agreed that the deal should be stopped.
Asked about a report from CTFN, a service specializing in merger news, that Anthem was in talks with the Justice Department, spokeswoman Bonnie Jacobs said in an email: "Not accurate."
The Justice Department declined to comment.
An Anthem purchase of Cigna would create the largest U.S. health insurer. Rivals Aetna Inc (AET.N) and Humana Inc (HUM.N) had also sought to merge, but that deal collapsed amid opposition from the federal government and states.
Adding to obstacles facing a deal, Anthem and Cigna, which have had difficult relations for months, are suing each other.
(Reporting by Diane Bartz and Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Dan Grebler)
* May allow investments in private equity next year
* May also allow direct investments in unlisted equity
* Repeats won't allow investment in unlisted infrastructure
* Opposition will take up infrastructure question (Adds quotes from deputy finance minister)
By Camilla Knudsen and Gwladys Fouche
OSLO, March 31 Norway's government may allow its sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, to invest in private equity and unlisted stocks from next year but said on Friday it remains opposed to letting it invest in unlisted infrastructure projects.
The fund, into which excess revenues from Norway's oil and gas production are saved, is currently permitted to invest only in listed stocks, bonds and real estate. It can only invest in unlisted equities if an initial public offering is planned.
Executives running the fund have previously pointed out that many rapidly growing firms, including Uber and Airbnb, were off-limits.
"The (fund) cannot currently be invested in unlisted equities on a general basis. The Ministry of Finance intends to examine, prior to next year's report on the management of the fund, whether such investments should be permitted," the ministry said in a white paper.
The deputy finance minister later told Reuters the finance ministry was considering letting the fund invest in unlisted equities, either directly or via private equity funds.
"We see that the listed market is a limited part of the value creation by companies," Tore Vamraak said. "We see a possibility to boost the return of the fund with a moderate risk."
Since the fund started as a sovereign fund in 1998, it has returned an average of just 3.79 percent per year, short of its target of 4 percent.
The fund declined to comment.
NO TO UNLISTED INFRASTRUCTURE
The minority government repeated it was opposed to letting the fund invest in unlisted infrastructure such as roads, bridges and wind farms, due to the political risk these investments may carry and their high transaction costs.
It had opposed loosening the rules in last year's review but lawmakers had said the question should be discussed again.
"This is disappointing. The government is not delivering on the order from parliament on infrastructure. This will guarantee that there will be a further deep debate on this topic, so this question is not closed because of this no by the government," Torstein Tvedt Solberg, the spokesman for the opposition Labour Party, on the fund, told Reuters.
The government confirmed it would propose that the fund be allowed to increase its equities allocation to 70 percent from 60 percent, moving away from bonds, and that expected annual spending from the fund be cut to 3 percent from 4 percent.
Tom Sanzillo, director of finance at the U.S.-based Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis, said the government should look again at unlisted infrastructure investments.
"They seem to be walking away from a market that is a trillion dollars and that is growing exponentially in the coming years. This is not prudent," Sanzillo, who wrote a 2017 report on renewable energy infrastructure investment and the Norwegian fund, told Reuters.
"They appear to lack confidence in their own abilities and that is worrisome." (Writing by Gwladys Fouche; Editing by Terje Solsvik and Alison Williams)
PARIS Former French soccer international Djibril Cisse has been placed under formal investigation for his involvement in an alleged attempt to blackmail fellow player Mathieu Valbuena using a sex video, Le Parisien newspaper reported on Thursday.
The paper said Cisse was placed under formal investigation in February by a magistrate at a court in Versailles for complicity in the attempted blackmail in February, two months after the judge sent the case back to prosecutors.
The court was not immediately available to comment.
The blackmail attempt allegedly took place in 2015, prosecutors say.
"Mr Cisse takes note of this indictment, which will now enable him to prove that he was not in anyway involved, something he could not do up to now," his lawyer Arnaud Pericard said, quoted by the newspaper.
The scandal, in which Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema was also implicated, saw Benzema indefinitely banned from the France team after being charged. The ban was lifted last September and Benzema has denied any wrongdoing.
(Reporting by Bate Felix; Editing by Richard Lough)
Russia's interdisciplinary synth platform connects on a global level LOCATION: Winzavod Center of Contemporary Arts, Moscow, Russia
Contact
Max Volynskov
Anya Glulhoded
***@maininmain.ru Max VolynskovAnya Glulhoded
End
-- Synthposium Festival returns for another year of synth-based music, performances and workshops. Taking place from 24 - 27 August at the Winzavod Center of Contemporary Arts and Moscow Film School, the multidisciplinary platform will play host to a diverse network of international artists. Celebrating the emerging field of contemporary music, design, cinema and technologies, this year see's another programme with live performances from the likes of US-based sound designer Richard Devine, synth composer Robert Aiki Aubrey Lowe andpost punk experimental industrial goth band Interval; UK-based Death in Vegas' frontman Richard Fearless andelectronic shoegaze master Ulrich Schnauss.Partnering up with British Council, with the support of 20 additional brands, thefestival will showcase London-based three-man collective London Modular Alliance, NTS Radio presenter and Ninja Tune'sThrowing Shade, audio visual artist Max Cooper and BBC broadcaster Matthew Sweet.PERFORMANCES:LIVE:Polish techno and house producer Jacek Sienkiewicz will be showcasing his love for vintage Roland synths and analogue sequencing, Nina Kraviz' label трип bringsKazan-via-Moscow producers PTU and regular Boiler Room Russian techno producer Rhizome aka Nikita Zabelin.Aspiring to recycle sounds from futuristic architects Superstudio, Yona Friedmann or Zaha Hadid, Swiss producer Opuswerk willcraft those very special moments where life finally makes sense. Performing classic, key figure of early and contemporary german Techno, EBM-Techno and Acid, Thomas P. Heckmann will shape the landscape of electronic music since he has from the very beginning. Using early electro sounds with haunting melodies to create a deep blend of atmospheric future funk, Finland-based Morphology willshare their collaborative effects.In addition to these spotlights, more than 200 international and Russian artists will take part in Synthposium 2017.ON AIR:Facilitating workshops in their specialised fields, creative podiums will take place throughout the festival. Dmitry Morozov shares insight into technological art through the design of experimental sound instruments and modular synthesizers. Korg's chief engineer, Tatsuya Takahashi, will speak about his role in designing affordable synths such as Monotron and Volca lines, and cinematic sound artist will premiere of Deckard's Dream,designed in Japan by Roman Filippov.ART:With features from Russian artists Anastasia Alekhina, Stain, Aleksey Rudenko and Misak Samokatyan, the festival plays host to interactive installations, public art and audiovisual performances.Theannual Moscow-based festival explores interdisciplinary cultures formed at the junction of electronic music and technology. This major urban event will provide a unique interactive platform for demonstrating engineering thought, digital design, business projects and the results of creative inquiry across different subjects.Since it's inception in 2014, Synthposium has consistently increased the volume of attendance, highlighting 156 speakers and artists participating in the three previous editions of Synthposium. Their performances and workshops were attended by 7000 people and supported by 20 big brands and leading Russian and European media outlets.Welcoming a diverse range of audiences, the festival attracts a vibrant network of people that are looking for a new format of leisure and inspiration. Interested in the dimensions and advancement of the synthesis of music, interactive and technology, Synthposium offers artists and observers alike the opportunity to access creativity across the spectrum.Catering to professional producers and musicians, fans of analogue and modular synthesizers, engineers and experts on musical instruments, the platform facilitates a space of education for public talks and workshops led by international and local experts and engineers.For people looking for inspiration and are hungry for a broader picture of the contemporary, Synthposium crosses the channels between developers, performers, culture and business. Hosting their first awards ceremony, prizes will be extended to best engineering, best interface designs and concepts and artists with the most technologically advanced live shows. Held at the Winzavod Center of Contemporary Arts, the festival will also host interactive installations, public art and audiovisual performances. Attendees evening programme will include three after parties at popular clubbing venues in Moscow, with foreign artists and famous local musicians among the headliners.Main tickets act as a multi-passport for all days and nights: an educational program, evening concerts, round-the-clock parties, an exhibition of musical instruments art program for the weekend. Rocket tickets have the same access as the main pass, but comes with a discount. Privileged Tickets cater for the non-working, retired, disabled and families with three kids under the age of 16. All tickets are available online.Synthposium Festival Socials:Website: http://www.synthposium.ru Facebook: http://facebook.com/ synthposium/ Soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/synthposiumfestivalYoutube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy7HM0-BIe2oXOEDJcJ541wInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/synthposium
(Corrects typographical error in word "disclosed" in last paragraph)
TORONTO, April 12 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Canada's fifth-biggest lender, said on Wednesday it plans to move into a new headquarters in Toronto in 2020 that will house 15,000 employees.
CIBC said it has agreed to be the anchor tenant of Bay Park Centre, a new 2.9 million-square-foot campus in Toronto's financial district, across from Union Station, the city's main railway station, and the Air Canada Centre, home of the Toronto Raptors basketball and Toronto Maple Leafs ice hockey teams.
The building will be developed and jointly managed by Ivanhoe Cambridge and Hines and construction will begin this spring, CIBC said.
The move will bring 15,000 of CIBC's 21,000 employees in the greater Toronto area, who are currently spread across more than 20 buildings, into one location between 2020 and 2023.
"It's a chance to consolidate a lot of our staff in Toronto into one modern and innovative building. It likely is the most coveted space in downtown Toronto coming on stream in the next couple of years," Stephen Forbes, CIBC's chief commercial officer, said in an interview.
The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
LONDON, April 3 Yields on South Africa's sovereign dollar-bonds rose across the curve on Monday after S&P Global Ratings cut the country's sovereign credit rating to 'junk', citing fiscal policy risk following the sacking of finance minister Pravin Gordhan.
The yield on the country's benchmark 2026 issue jumped 9 basis points to 4.908 percent, according to Tradeweb data.
The cost of insuring South African government debt against default, five-year credit default swaps, jumped 2 basis points to 222 bps from Friday's close of 219 bps, according to data provider IHS Markit.
S&P reduced the credit rating to BB+ from BBB- and assigned a negative outlook. (Reporting by Karin Strohecker, edited by Mike Dolan)
April 3 Factset Research Systems Inc:
* Factset completes acquisition of Interactive Data Managed Solutions, wealth management solutions provider
* Factset Research Systems Inc- IDMS is expected to be accretive by $0.03 to adjusted diluted EPS for FactSet's fiscal 2017
* Factset - IDMS is expected to be accretive by $0.03 to adjusted diluted eps for FactSet's fiscal 2017
* FactSet- IDMS is expected to add approximately $10 million in q3 revenues
* FactSet - Q3 2017 adjusted diluted eps is now expected to be in range of $1.81 and $1.87
* FactSet - gaap diluted eps is now expected to be in range of $1.68 and $1.74 for q3 2017
* FactSet - Q3 revenues are now expected to be in range of $311 million and $317 million
* FactSet - IDMS is expected to add approximately $10 million in q3 revenues Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Santa Barbara County autopsy reports show that, whether intentional or accidental, teens and adults are most often abusing multiple drugs
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 4 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
As Santa Barbara County confronts a growing challenge from drug abuse, fatal overdoses from prescription medications are creeping ever higher, forcing authorities to revise the ways they track the trends.
“The realities are that a legally prescribed drug taken recklessly will kill you just as quickly as an illicit drug,” Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill Brown said.
The county Coroner's Office knows what drug overdoses look like. The staff even has pictures it uses in educational presentations of people with “foam cones,” a red-tinged foam around the victim's nose or mouth that's indicative of a drug-related death.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
In an overdose from opiates or another depressant, breathing slows, blood pressure drops, and fluids pool and gather in the lungs, explained sheriff's Sgt. Sandra Brown, supervisor of the Coroner's Office, which is operated by the Sheriff's Department. Brown's office rarely sees people with just one drug in their systems, and some toxicology reports show the presence of as many as 15.
County drug- and alcohol-related deaths nearly doubled from 2005 to 2009. In that five-year period, there were — respectively — 60, 46, 62, 71 and 111 deaths recorded with the cause related to overdose or accident apparently influenced by drug or alcohol use.
Most of Santa Barbara County's prescription drug-related deaths aren't from toddlers accidentally ingesting a pill or elderly people mixing up their many medications; they're teens or adults who intentionally or accidentally abuse multiple drugs, including prescription, illicit and alcohol.
Prescription medications are involved in more U.S. overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In 2009, for the first time, drug deaths exceeded motor vehicle accident deaths in the United States, according to a recent Los Angeles Times story. Drugs were implicated in at least 37,485 U.S. deaths that year, the newspaper reported. For years before that, California and 22 other states had more drug-related deaths than traffic fatalities but the trend became national in 2009, according to the Times.
Santa Barbara County reported 143 unintentional poisonings in 2009, making them the third cause of nonfatal hospitalizations in the most recent year of available data. That year there were a total of 485 emergency room visits for poisonings in the county, meaning people who were treated and released instead of hospitalized.
Self-inflicted and/or suicide poisonings in the county totaled 226 in 2009 and 189 in 2008, statistics show.
This year, the three Cottage Health System emergency departments — in Santa Barbara, the Goleta Valley and the Santa Ynez Valley — reported 117 accidental poisonings between Jan. 1 and June 30, although there is no further breakdown into type of substance, according to the California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development.
In 65 percent to 75 percent of the emergency department cases, there was no principal cause of injury reported — a trend seen every year, the OSHPD said.
Health-care practitioners and law-enforcement personnel say the availability, stigma and lack of education regarding prescription drugs are part of the problem.
As more prescriptions are issued each year, taking a pill to feel better is increasingly accepted behavior in society, whereas using an illegal drug like heroin is not.
Sgt. Sandra Brown worries about the number of accidental overdoses in adults between the ages of 30 and 60. There's a need for authorities to look into whether these deaths are the result of recreational use or being ill-informed, she said.
Major risks for overdose come from combining drugs with each other or combining drugs with alcohol.
Alcohol on its own can be lethal from a blood-alcohol concentration of .03 or above, but combining it with prescription medication is much more common.
It's no coincidence that so many of the alcohol and drug deaths included ethanol in combination with other drugs.
County coroner reports list the drugs found in each deceased person's system and the cause of death is either a lethal amount or lethal mixture of drugs and/or alcohol.
There are many overdose risk factors connected to the method of delivery.
Many strong drugs like Adderall and OxyContin have time-release formulas, but if the pills are crushed and snorted, the effect is felt all at once — and the effect is a rush completely unlike what the drug is intended to do, according to Jackie Kurta, director of UCSB's Alcohol and Drug Program.
“The faster it goes to the brain, the faster it leaves, so they need to do more, more often, in bigger doses” to get the same feeling, she said.
Injecting a drug is the quickest way to get it into one's system, and the most dangerous, said Sgt. Sandra Brown. As seen in her work at the Coroner's Office, people have been known to take a drug orally, rectally, by snorting, or by injecting under the skin (known as “skin popping”) or into a vein.
People “sometimes think, ‘it's not as if I'm putting heroin in my arm with a needle; it's a legitimate drug so it won't be that bad,'” Sheriff Bill Brown said.
The drugs found most often in overdose cases from 2005 to 2009 are methamphetamine, morphine, hydrocodone, methadone, Diazepam, cocaine, Nordiazepam, marijuana, Codeine and hydrocodol.
Should morphine turn up in an autopsy toxicology report, its presence could mean there was pharmaceutical morphine or heroin in the body. Because of the way the drugs are metabolized, there is no way to know which drug was taken merely from a blood test, Sgt. Brown said. Unless authorities can determine the drug from investigating the personal history, it remains a mystery.
Methadone, originally used to help people get off heroin, is now being prescribed as a pain reliever. The drug is relatively inexpensive for how strong it is and it remains in the body a long time, which increases the risk of overdose, Sgt. Brown said.
According to the National Institutes of Health, methadone can be habit forming and cause life-threatening irregular heartbeat or slowed breathing. To prevent withdrawals, doctors generally want to decrease the dose gradually.
Acetaminophen is widely used in over-the-counter painkillers and is one of two components of Vicodin, the other being hydrocodone. Vicodin is one of the most abused drugs in the country.
The Coroner's Office changed the way it reports alcohol- and drug-related deaths in 2010, only including overdoses. Until then, records included deaths with a more indirect link to drugs or alcohol, like crashing into a tree while driving impaired or falling down while intoxicated.
The change came about because individual factors like tolerance make it nearly impossible to determine how much of a role the drug or alcohol played in the death, Sgt. Brown said.
Her office also designates whether the cause of death is an accident or a suicide, which is investigated by looking into a person's medical history, stressors, family interviews and toxicology report results. With that methodology, there were 63 drug- and alcohol-related deaths in 2010, of which 52 were designated accidental, she said.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk or @NoozhawkNews. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
May 2 Tom Tailor Holding AG:
* Q1 EBITDA, at 8.7 million euros ($9.50 million), grows year-on-year (6.3 million euros)
* Q1 free cash flow rises by 17.5 million euros to -7.8 million euros
* Q1 consolidated sales, at 218.9 million euros, remained at prior year's quarter level
* Q1 consolidated gross profits amounted to 116.2 million euros (previous year: 118.9 million euros)
* Now expects that group sales in 2017 will be slightly below previous year's level
* Continues to expect a sharp increase in reported EBITDA for full year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9157 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Repeats to more subscribers)
LONDON, April 10 British regulators are investigating Barclays Chief Executive Jes Staley and the bank itself over the handling of a whistleblowing incident, the bank said on Monday.
The investigation by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority relates to an attempt by Staley last year to identify the author of a letter that was treated by Barclays Bank Plc as a whistleblowing incident, Barclays said in a statement.
Barclays said it has formally reprimanded Staley and has promised to cut his variable compensation, but will support his reappointment at the bank's annual general meeting on May 10, the statement said.
The regulators are also looking at Barclays' systems and controls and culture relating to whistleblowing, the bank added.
Barclays' board first heard of Staley's attempt to identify the author of the letter in early 2017, after the issue was raised by an employee, Barclays said.
The board instructed law firm Simmons & Simmons LLP to carry out an investigation led by Gerry Grimstone, the bank's deputy chairman, and also notified the regulators.
"The investigation ... found, and the Board has concluded, that Mr Staley honestly, but mistakenly, believed that it was permissible to identify the author of the letter," the bank said.
The author of the letter was not identified.
"I have apologised to the Barclays Board, and accepted its conclusion that my personal actions in this matter were errors on my part," Staley said.
The board will issue a formal written reprimand to Staley and cut his variable compensation,
The board will also look into the position of other employees involved in the incident, the bank said.
"I am personally very disappointed and apologetic that this situation has occurred, particularly as we strive to operate to the highest possible ethical standards," Barclays chairman John McFarlane said in the statement.
(Reporting by Carolyn Cohn; editing by Jason Neely and Louise Heavens)
May 2 Mondelez International Inc, the world's second-largest confectionary company, reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by its cost-saving programs and stronger sales in Latin America.
Net income attributable to Mondelez fell to $630 million, or 41 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $554 million, or 35 cents per share, a year earlier.
On an adjusted basis, the company earned 53 cents, topping analysts' average estimate of 50 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The Oreo cookies and Cadbury chocolates maker said its net revenue fell to $6.41 billion from $6.46 billion. (Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
São Paulo, April 28 General and administrative expenses at Banco Bradesco SA will probably grow at the lowest end of a project range this year, as Brazil's No. 3 listed bank captures more cost savings stemming from the acquisition of HSBC Holding Plc's local unit, executives said on Friday.
Bradesco forecasts non-interest expenses to rise between 10 percent and 14 percent this year. Last year, they rose almost 18.5 percent due to the integration of HSBC Bank Brasil Banco Múltiplo SA. (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
By Omeiza Ajayi
ABUJA – A new book, ‘Nigerian Fourth Republic: Movers and Shakers' has revealed the role played by a former national leader of the Peoples Democratic Party PDP, Chief Tony Anenih in the emergence of Atiku Abubakar as vice president at the nation's return to democracy in 1999.
In a pre-launch statement made available to Vanguard Monday in Abuja, the author, Dr Tanu Ejenavwo also revealed “how former President Olusegun Obasanjo was conscripted into the 1999 presidential race by the military cabal and northern elders, and supported to win the January 1999 presidential election. It also reveals how Ogbonnaya Onu was traded-off by his party, the People's Party, APP, for Olu Falae, another Southwest candidate based on the contrived accord of the North to placate the southwest for the annulled 12 June 1993 presidential election presumably won by Bashorun MKO Abiola”.
On Atiku, the author said the then national chairman of the PDP, Chief Solomon Lar had already pencilled down Abubakar Rimi as Obasanjo's running mate, but was overturned at the last minute by Mr Anenih who was sobriquet was then known as ‘Mr fix it'.
“The underlying reasons that influenced the choice of Umaru Musa Yar'Adua as president by Obasanjo and how Goodluck Jonathan was picked as running mate, considering the role played by Chief Edwin Clark and Dr. Olusola Saraki, the then chairman of Northern Union, was particularised in the book. The book also narrates how President Muhammadu Buhari was reluctantly dragged into politics as the lion-hearted man to confront Obasanjo, who was then seen to have reneged on the agreement to stay one-tenure. So also was the serial failed attempts by Buhari to grab power and how he was convinced to re-contest for the presidency after he had vowed never to contest again.
“The book which is written in biographical context, also reserved pages for former vice-presidents, in which the author gave narratives on how Alhaji Atiku Abubakar was suggested by Chief Tony Anenih, after the then People Democratic Party, PDP, chairman Solomon Lar had penciled down Abubakar Rimi for the position of vice-president. It also detailed how Obasanjo military background led him to try to subjugate all organs of government, thereby provoking the leadership crisis that rubbed off on the National Assembly and pitched him against Atiku. The factors that influenced the thrust up of Architect Namadi Sambo and Profession Yemi Osinbajo were graphically accounted for”, the author said in the statement.
According Dr. Ejenavwo, “The work is met to enhance studies in politics, governance and leadership. It actually shows the political dynamics of the country and at sub-national level, where the political cultures are intrinsically diverse. The contributions of each of the political actors to national development and the results of their leadership styles are quite exposed for the electors and for posterity.”
FILE PICTURE: Passengers pass check-in counters at Singapore's Changi Airport Terminal One in Singapore August 17, 2016. REUTERS/Edgar Su
DUBAI Two planes operated by Emirates [EMIRA.UL] and Singapore Airlines' wholly-owned, low-cost carrier Scoot were damaged at Singapore's Changi Airport [CHAP.UL] on Thursday.
Singapore newspaper The Strait Times, quoting a Scoot spokesman, reported a Scoot aircraft's left wing was damaged after it came into contact with an Emirates plane while taxiing to the airport's runway.
An Emirates spokesman confirmed to Reuters one of its aircraft bound for Dubai was slightly damaged as it pushed backed from the terminal, without elaborating.
The damaged Scoot aircraft was scheduled to travel to Tianjin, China, according to The Strait Times.
No injuries were reported.
(Reporting by Alexander Cornwell, editing by David Evans)
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The co-owner of a Colorado crane company where the suspect in a deadly shooting at a Nashville restaurant once worked said she'd urged federal officials to keep him in custody after he was arrested at the White House last year.
Twenty-nine-year-old Travis Reinking is accused of opening fire Sunday outside a Waffle House with an AR-15 rifle and then storming the restaurant. Four people were killed and four others were wounded.
But Reinking had exhibited erratic behavior for years before the shooting. Darlene Sustrich co-owns a Colorado crane company where Reinking once worked and said they got a call from the FBI after he allegedly tried to jump the White House fence last July.
She says she told the FBI to hold on to him if they could and help him.
Santa Claus visits Harrow
by Adam Gault
With the support of the Harrow Kinsmen Club, the famous jolly man in red landed in Harrow this past Friday evening to kick off the first day of December with the Harrow Santa Claus Parade.
With brisk evening air, around 20 floats and marching bands travelled down King Street under the full moonlight. Many eventgoers lined the sidewalks, bundled up tightly with jackets and scarves, awaiting the arrival of Santa Claus.
As the anticipation along the route was reaching a fevered pitch, the man in red himself appeared in a beautiful antique carriage, wishing young and old a Happy New Year and a Merry Christmas.
At the conclusion of the parade, many of the families in attendance made their way down to the Harrow and Colchester South Community Centre where the excited children had a chance to tell the jolly old elf what they wanted for Christmas. Visitors to this portion of the event also had a look at various snakes and rabbits during a special performance from Zoo 2 You.
This year's parade featured a competition for best float, sponsored by the Harrow Kinsmen. The Colchester Guardian rescue boat took home first prize and $200. Harrow Home Hardware was the runner-up, taking home $100, and the Fruit Wagon came in third and received $50.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
March 28Honz Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says FY 2017 Q1 net profit to decrease by 29.2 percent to increase by 0.8 percent, or to be 13 million yuan to 18.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (18.3 million yuan)
* Says decreased sales revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/flFd0t
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Custom Writting – a Brief Overview
What You Should Do to Find Out About Custom Writting Before You're Left Behind
Now you can obtain an customized Assignment creating Services foryou personally! Therefore, if you're not on the watch for inexpensive custom composing solution, however, for high excellent service you are able to trust, then you came to the perfect spot! A custom writing assistance can easily be located on the net web site. A normal difficulty with the habit writing providers is they can lack an immediate communication with writer and consumer.
Don't only proceed along with the least expensive essay writing assistance it is possible to find. You have to decide on the companies which enable you to feel as if you're being pampered. However, the agency recognizes that graduates, together with some other categories of customers usually lack money, so that you are able to expect to detect affordable rates. You can not only revolve around choosing the least expensive essay services looking for a person to compose my essay for cheap and also expect to acquire an unbelievable item.
When you haven't obtained your work punctually, you should be in touch with us and assess your spam piece of email box. You need to keep in mind that papernow your work goes to be read by real professionals. If some work has been discovered to possess unacceptable amount of plagiarism that can't be mended, then a buy amount goes to be reimbursed. With all the usage of a statistical information analysis applications, you can create your work out easy. The task is going to be developed depending upon your requirements. Regardless of standard you decide on, we ensure that the job goes to be on that common.
Our authors have left a terrific work listing by using their years of hard and expertise work in the realm of creating custom essays. They set most their skills and efforts in generating caliber and authentic benefit those clients. Our skilled authors will supply you with a newspaper that's certain to meet all your own requirements. Skilled academic writer will manage the rest .
Custom Writting – Is it a Scam?
The writers ‘ are always readily available to take yourtopic, and you're going to receive a chance to collaborate together with the best authors. Our writers are proficient people who have been coached with the enterprise to fulfil the demands of their clients. Such writers have the ability to compose amazing mission papers and full these. Choosing on the web essay authors https://www.stratford.edu/ isn't a nightmare anymore.
When you purchase an essay from us, you're certain to relish individual approach because essay assistance supplied from our own writers is always customized depending upon your requirements. If you acquire a custom made essay also it ought to be quite a persuasive composition and also you get back again a very important essay, you will find yourself a bad grade. It's preferable to select an expert customized essay writing support. For this reason, you can secure the ideal custom essays without a concern.
Once your article is completed and thoroughly vetted, it is going to be uploaded into your own account around the site, from wherever you are ready to download it. Obviously, essay writing products and services like habit essay has got the excellent expertise in the process of producing. When it's to do with custom essays the exact first point to know is exactly what you actually buy. Our customized essay writing support ensures you'll get your money back in the event that you never find your high-quality paper punctually, or we will provide you with a comprehensive refund. A personalized essay writing agency and data analysis applications will be able to allow one to appraise the outcomes of a business research.
The Custom Writting Cover Up
You must make sure everything is your about and why you're composing the article. Consequently, an essay writing firm is intended to aid college students which are needing professional writers to make their own books or any sort of academic document and also reach improved scores at an identical moment. What's more, you might be confident you are certain to find yourself a plagiarism-free specific article. Affordable essay writing support USA ought to be inspected carefully as a way to see whether they're truly real.
The Upside to Custom Writting
An article could seem to be a easy homework till you realize how very long and effort you're likely to want to finish and find yourself a superb grade on essay online it. Essay writing assistance UAE pros are now generating waves all around around the world because they will be currently deemed to be certainly one among the best performing and demanded authors all throughout the whole world. To be certain your essay is wholly authentic, your personalized essay writing assistance ought to be in a place to give you a plagiarism account at no price tag. The absolute best writing essay writing services will additionally assign the exact same author to everybody of your essays in order that all your essays are created in exactly the same tone.
LISBON, March 31 Portugal has agreed to sell a 75 percent stake in state-rescued lender Novo Banco to U.S. private equity firm Lone Star in exchange for a capital injection of 1 billion euros into the institution, the Bank of Portugal said on Friday.
"The sale is an important step for stability of the banking system," Bank of Portugal Gov. Carlos Costa told reporters. "The agreement allows meeting the deadline set jointly with the European Commission for the sale of Novo Banco."
Portugal's Bank Resolution Fund will retain the remaining 25 percent stake in Novo Banco, which is the bridge bank carved out of Banco Espirito Santo, which crumbled in 2014. The country injected 4.9 billion euros, mostly via the resolution fund, into the 'good bank'.
Under the terms of the deal, Lone Star will inject 750 million euros when the deal is formally closed and another 250 million within three years.
Also, Novo Banco will swap 500 million euros of senior bonds for new bonds as means to reinforce its common equity Tier 1 capital ratio before Lone Star takes over the bank.
The Bank of Portugal said a contingent capital mechanism will be set up to meet potential capital needs at the bank worth up to 3.89 billion euros, explaining that the mechanism did not represent any guarantee to cover any losses. (Reporting By Sergio Goncalves, writing by Andrei Khalip, editing by Axel Bugge)
May 2 5n Plus Inc
* 5N Plus reports financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $0.05
* Revenue for Q1 2017 reached $60.9 million compared to $63.9 million for Q1 2016
* 5N Plus Inc - Reaffirmed its guidance for 2017 as per strategic plan
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.02, revenue view $61.9 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, April 20 Debenhams, Britain's second-largest department store group, on Thursday detailed a plan to return to growth by becoming more of a destination for shoppers that is differentiated from rivals and has an enhanced digital offer.
Following a strategic review by new Chief Executive Sergio Bucher the group also plans to drive efficiency by simplifying the business.
Debenhams said additional investment was required to upgrade its mobile systems, supply chain and its store estate.
It said annual capital expenditure would be 150 million pounds ($192.2 million) between full year 2018 and full year 2020 versus current annual capex of 130 million pounds.
It said total exceptional costs over 2017-2020 would be 50 million pounds of which approximately half would be cash.
Debenhams, which is second to No.1 department store chain John Lewis by revenue, also said it made a pretax profit of 87.8 million pounds ($112.5 million) in the 26 weeks to March 4, down 6.4 percent from 93.8 million pounds in the previous corresponding period. ($1 = 0.7806 pounds) (Reporting by James Davey; editing by Kate Holton)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
(Adds background, details)
By Davide Barbuscia
DUBAI, April 5 Saudi Arabia has chosen a hybrid structure for its debut international sukuk, the prospectus for the offer showed, a format widely used in the Saudi local debt market, but not the most popular for sovereign issues.
The Islamic bond, expected to go up to $10 billion, will be the country's second international debt sale after a $17.5 billion conventional bond in October last year. That bond issue, the largest ever sold across emerging markets, was part of an effort to diversify Saudi Arabia's funding sources to plug a budget deficit caused by lower oil prices.
Saudi Arabia will start meeting fixed income investors for the sukuk, a dual-tranche Islamic bond with five- and 10-year maturities, early next week.
An amount equal to 51 percent of the bond proceeds will be used in a mudaraba agreement, a form of Islamic investment management partnership. The remaining 49 percent of the proceeds will be used under a murabaha facility by the trustee, a Cayman Islands-incorporated company called KSA Sukuk Limited, to purchase sharia-compliant commodities, the prospectus said.
Such a hybrid structure, which replicates the riyal-denominated sukuk offer launched by oil giant Saudi Aramco earlier this month, is common in the Saudi local currency debt market. A different lease-based (ijara) sukuk structure has been the most commonly used by countries raising money via international debt issuances.
A hybrid structure might be too complex for some international investors to the point of possibly testing their appetite for the deal, bankers told Reuters last week.
Citigroup, HSBC and JP Morgan are the global coordinators mandated to arrange investor meetings ahead of the sukuk offering. They are joined by BNP Paribas, Deutsche Bank and NCB Capital as lead managers and bookrunners. (Editing by Saeed Azhar and Jane Merriman)
Freeport, China Moly agree to end talks on cobalt assets
TORONTO, June 14 Freeport-McMoRan Inc, the world's biggest publicly traded copper miner, and China Molybdenum Co Ltd (CMOC) have agreed to terminate discussions on CMOC's acquisition of Freeport's cobalt assets, Freeport said on Wednesday.
NEW YORK, April 3 Guggenheim Investments, overseen by global chief investment officer Scott Minerd, had positive net flows of more than $1.5 billion into its fixed-income mutual funds and ETFs in March, the firm said on Monday.
Investors were undeterred by the Federal Reserve's rate hike last month: Guggenheim's flagship Total Return Bond Fund, an intermediate-term fund that has outperformed 99 percent of its rivals over one, three, and five years, according to Morningstar, took in $491 million in March, the firm said. The $5.7 billion fund has experienced net inflows for 39 consecutive months, Guggenheim added.
Meanwhile, the Guggenheim Macro Opportunities Fund, a $5 billion non-traditional bond fund that has also outperformed 99 percent of its rivals over five years, took in $345 million in March, the firm said.
Guggenheim Floating Rate Strategies Fund, a $3.5 billion bank loan fund that has outperformed 97 percent of peers over five years, took in $170 million in March.
Guggenheim Limited Duration Fund, a short-term bond fund, experienced its 40th consecutive month of net inflows since its December 2013 inception. It has outperformed 99 percent of funds in its Morningstar category over three years.
Guggenheim said its BulletShares suite of defined maturity ETFs had $272 million in net flows in March, which helped the firm reach an all-time high with $34.6 billion in ETF assets under management. (Reporting By Jennifer Ablan; Editing by Andrew Hay)
RIO DE JANEIRO Brazilian federal police arrested the former head of the country's water sports association and two others on Thursday for alleged embezzlement of up to 40 million reais (10.21 million pounds) in public funds.
The arrests came after complaints from athletes, ex-athletes and business people tied to the sport that officials at the Brazilian Confederation of Aquatic Sports (CBDA) pocketed funds meant for training and equipment, police said at a press conference.
The case follows corruption scandals in other Brazilian sports such as soccer and volleyball.
Former CBDA president Coaracy Nunes was detained along with the group's one-time financial director and the technical coordinator of the water polo team, a police spokesman said.
"I cried with relief," former Olympic swimmer Joana Maranhao, a long-time critic of the CBDA leadership, said on Twitter. "You have no idea how I hoped for this."
A fourth person with a warrant out for his arrest was declared a fugitive.
Police also detained four people for questioning and carried out 16 search warrants as part of the operation, according to an official statement. An earlier police statement said that five had been arrested.
The CBDA, which represents sports such as diving, swimming and water polo, said Nunes, who was first elected to lead the organisation in 1988, left the organisation as president in March and elections for his successor were yet to be called.
The CBDA is a private entity which is partly funded by the public sector.
(Reporting by Pedro Fonseca; Additional reporting by Andrew Downie; Writing by Bruno Federowski; Editing by W Simon and Andrew Hay)
As tensions mount between the U.S. and North Korea, so does the number of unanswered questions.
Would the U.S. launch a pre-emptive strike?
Would North Korea really attack Guam?
What role will China play?
How did we get to this point?
In this show, we're taking all questions, big and small, on North Korea. Send them to us with this form, or tune in and give us a call.
GUESTS
Keith Luse, Executive director, National Committee on North Korea; he served as the Republican East Asia policy adviser to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee from 2003 until 2013
Sheila Smith, Senior fellow for Japan Studies, Council on Foreign Relations; author of “Intimate Rivals: Japanese Domestic Politics and a Rising China”; @SheilaSmithCFR
Jon Wolfsthal, Nonresident scholar with the Nuclear Policy Program, Carnegie Endowment for International Peace; he served in the Obama administration as senior director for arms control and nonproliferation at the National Security Council
For more, visit http://the1a.org.
© 2017 WAMU 88.5 – American University Radio.
Diversity Pageants Winner Queens Mrs Diversity Marie Bogacz, Mrs Diversity News Sharon Doyle, Miss Diversity News Francesca Esker Are the Face of Diversity News TV.
Mrs Diversity Marie Bogacz, Mrs Diversity News Sha
Contact
Alex Leon, VP of Marketing & Public Relations
World Wide Vital Marketing & Public Relations
***@gmail.com Alex Leon, VP of Marketing & Public RelationsWorld Wide Vital Marketing & Public Relations
End
-- Diversity News Productions producer of Diversity Pageants and upcoming Diversity News Magazine Awards announces that Diversity Pageants Winner Queens Mrs Diversity Marie Bogacz, Mrs Diversity News Sharon Doyle, Miss Diversity News Francesca Esker Are the Face of Diversity News TV."I am happy and excited to make the official announcement that the winner queens did an excellent job on the field interviewing celebs and personalities for the reason they are named the official face of Diversity News TV outlet." said Steven Escobar, Founder, CEO, President and Executive Producer.You can view their coverage of NBC The Voice Finale Season 11 at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FlE0i3zaWc&list=PLsih_bws3U4UwYsNHxHVfWFThj4LNNe3T& 2016 Hollywood Christmas Parade at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDWZ0uAxXEI&list=PLsih_bws3U4XU9HOgkVtMqhp4pK-FDCwK"Diversity Pageants winner queens will be hosting in the red carpet special events, however if for any reason they can't do it them we will have our regular red carpet hosts at various events." concluded Mr. Escobar.Training and hosting special red carpet events it is a great opportunity for Diversity Pageants winners, for the reason this is a new prize that will be given to the winners of Diversity Pageants 2017. Also some Diversity Pageants winner queens are hosting for other media outlets. By training them on the field, they're gaining experience and possible a new career for their future.The Search is ON! for the 2nd annual Diversity Pageants!Miss Diversity, Miss Teen Diversity, Mrs. Diversity and Miss Diversity News, Miss Teen Diversity News & Mrs. Diversity News Pageants! Also Mr Diversity and Mr Diversity News.Diversity News Productions, an events, film and productions company, which is part of the Diversity News Publications Family of Companies such as award winning DiversityNewsMagazine.com , DiversityNewsPublications.com, DiversityNewsMagazineAwards.com, Diversity News TV, award winning Diversity News Radio and more. For more information visit dnproductions.diversitynewspublications.comDiversity Pageants was founded in April 2016, in response to the controversy of no Diversity included in much entertainment award shows, television roles, modeling, media, government roles, movies roles and music, etc. The purpose and mission of Miss Diversity, Miss Teen Diversity, Mrs. Diversity and Miss Diversity News, Miss Teen Diversity News & Mrs. Diversity News Pageants! is to help woman from 14 to 75 years to become confident, make new friendships, learn leadership skills, network for new opportunities as well to empower them and pursue leadership roles in our Diverse society. For more information visit missandmrsdiversity.comAlex Leon, Vice President of Marketing & PRLinda England, Events & PR CoordinatorWorld Wide Vital Marketing & Public Relations Inc.TEL: (213) 867-1997FAX: (818) 787-1249worldwidevitalpr.wordpress.comworldwidevitalpr@gmail.com
Matt Kuchar of the U.S. sinks a birdie putt on the second hole in final round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Matt Kuchar made a hole in one at the par-three 16th on the way to finishing tied for fourth in the U.S. Masters on Sunday, the highest-placed American at the year's first major.
The 38-year-old struck a perfect seven-iron from 179 yards, the ball landing on the green, running up a slope before taking a hard turn to the left. It then trickled back down into the left side of the cup to wild cheers from the gallery.
The only ace at this year's Masters took Kuchar to five under par and he parred the last two holes to finish tied for fourth, four shots behind Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose.
Garcia beat Rose in a playoff to claim his first major title.
"What a thrill," Kuchar told reporters. "It's funny, that hole has given me problems in the past."
After celebrating wildly with his caddie on the tee, Kuchar walked to the green and retrieved his ball, which he signed and presented to a young boy wearing a bright orange T-shirt in the front row of the crowd.
"The cool part of our job is making a kid's day," Kuchar said. "And we have an opportunity to do that quite often. I've got enough hole in one balls.
"It's one of the neat things that we can do. There's nothing like seeing a smile come over a kid's face."
Kuchar's best Masters finish was tied third in 2012.
(Editing by Andrew Both/Peter Rutherford)
FILE PHOTO - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks on issues related to visas and travel after U.S. President Donald Trump signed a new travel ban order in Washington, U.S. on March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
WASHINGTON It is time for Russia to think carefully about its continued support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday in response to a chemical weapons attack he blamed on Assad's forces.
"We think that it is time that the Russians really need to think carefully about their continued support of the Assad regime," Tillerson told reporters after a meeting with his Mexican counterpart at the State Department.
(Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by James Dalgleish)
March 29 (Gracenote) - Results from the World championships Women's Short Program on Wednesday 1. Evgeniya Medvedeva (Russia) 79.01 Q 2. Kaetlyn Osmond (Canada) 75.98 Q 3. Gabrielle Daleman (Canada) 72.19 Q 4. Anna Pogorilaya (Russia) 71.52 Q 5. Karen Chen (U.S.) 69.98 Q 6. Maria Sotskova (Russia) 69.76 Q 7. Ashley Wagner (U.S.) 69.04 Q 8. Carolina Kostner (Italy) 66.33 Q 9. Wakaba Higuchi (Japan) 65.87 Q 10. Elizabet Tursynbaeva (Kazakhstan) 65.48 Q 11. Choi Da-Bin (Korea) 62.66 Q 12. Rika Hongo (Japan) 62.55 Q 13. Mariah Bell (U.S.) 61.02 Q 14. Ivett Toth (Hungary) 61.00 Q 15. Mai Mihara (Japan) 59.59 Q 16. Li Xiangning (China) 58.28 Q 17. Loena Hendrickx (Belgium) 57.54 Q 18. Nicole Rajicova (Slovakia) 57.08 Q 19. Kailani Craine (Australia) 56.97 Q 20. Li Zijun (China) 56.30 Q 21. Angelina Kuchvalska (Latvia) 55.92 Q 22. Laurine Lecavelier (France) 55.49 Q 23. Anastasia Galustyan (Armenia) 55.20 Q 24. Nicole Schott (Germany) 54.83 Q 25. Shuran Yu (Singapore) 52.87 26. Joshi Helgesson (Sweden) 52.07 27. Helery Haelvin (Estonia) 51.94 28. Amy Lin (Taiwan) 51.86 29. Emmi Peltonen (Finland) 50.74 30. Isadora Williams (Brazil) 50.65
WASHINGTON (Reuters Breakingviews) - U.S. states need to boost their credibility with the European Union. With deregulation in the air in Washington, insurers American International Group and Prudential Financial could lose their designations as systemically important financial institutions – along with MetLife. That would end Federal Reserve monitoring and throw oversight back on individual states. But the three companies are also global SIFIs in the eyes of regulators in the EU and elsewhere. From their perspective, state watchdogs might not cut it.
President Donald Trump's administration is reviewing the role of the Financial Stability Oversight Council. The group, made up of all the federal financial regulators, has the power to designate non-bank firms as SIFIs, putting them under extra Fed supervision. AIG and Prudential are within that regime, while MetLife has been successful so far in its legal fight against SIFI status. One possible outcome of the FSOC reboot is the removal of the designation for all the insurers.
Yet AIG, Prudential and MetLife are still considered systemically important, alongside huge insurers from other countries, by the global Financial Stability Board. The European Union has recognized the Fed as a credible supervisor for U.S. insurers that are FSB-designated SIFIs and prefers to coordinate with the U.S. central bank. If the FSOC's SIFI designation is removed, though, the EU's counterparts would be states like New York and New Jersey.
State regulators have decades of experience overseeing insurance companies, but the system is disjointed because each has its own rules. Many states have also focused only on activities in their locale, in addition to concentrating solely on insurance operations, even when they have the authority to impose broader oversight. Under a proposed agreement between the EU and the United States on insurance regulation, the Europeans may recognize America's state-based system. But the not-yet-final deal would stop short of granting states' oversight a trusted status that could free U.S. firms of certain EU rules.
New Jersey, where Prudential is based, is conducting a full review of the company and all of its activities, insurance-related and otherwise. It would make sense for other states to follow that lead. Otherwise, freeing U.S. insurers of red tape at home may only mean they are tied up with more of it overseas.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Tribune Media Co:
* Tribune Media Co - on April 24, compensation committee of board of directors of co approved amendments to employment agreements of CFO Chandler Bigelow
* Tribune Media Co - amendments will extend term of agreements, from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2018 - sec filing
* Tribune Media Co - amendment provide for supplemental 1-time grant of RSUS to Bigelow with grant date value of $1 million based on April 24 closing price of class a common stock Source text: (bit.ly/2pt2paP) Further company coverage:
(Updates Swift Transportation, Anglo American, AT&T, Rent-A-Center, Eskom and Bain Capital; adds Maersk, Whole Foods, Stefanel, Banco and Xcerra)
April 10 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1940 GMT on Monday:
** Activist investor Jana Partners LLC disclosed an 8.3 percent stake in Whole Foods Market Inc as it looks to shake up the company's board, while pushing it to explore strategic options, including a potential sale.
** Two private equity funds that have agreed to take over loss-making Italian clothing company Stefanel plan to relaunch the brand and sell it within five years, a source at one of the funds said.
** Spain's struggling Banco Popular is looking at a another capital hike to clean up a balance sheet weighed down by billions of euros in toxic assets and would consider a merger deal, its new chairman said.
** A unit of a large China-based semiconductor investment fund has agreed to acquire U.S. semiconductor testing company Xcerra Corp for $580 million in cash, the companies said.
** World No. 1 shipping company Maersk Line gained EU antitrust approval for its acquisition of Hamburg Sud after agreeing to pull the German company out from five consortia on trade routes to address competition concerns.
** AT&T Inc said it would buy Straight Path Communications Inc, a holder of licenses to wireless spectrum, for $1.25 billion in an all-stock deal as it aims to accumulate the airwaves it needs for a next generation network.
** German food company Frosta said it was talking to KitKat maker Nestle about buying its Italian frozen food business.
** Malaysia's Petronas has pitched an estimated $1 billion stake in a prized upstream local gas project to potential bidders including Royal Dutch Shell, ExxonMobil Corp , Thailand's PTT Exploration and Production and Japanese firms, sources familiar with the matter said.
** Ski resorts operator Aspen Skiing Co LLC and private equity firm KSL Capital Partners LLC will buy Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc for about $1.5 billion, including debt, Intrawest said.
** The pressure on Rent-A-Center Inc to auction itself increased after Marcato Capital joined fellow activist investor Engaged Capital to force the rent-to-own furniture retailer to pursue a sale rather than a "risky" turnaround plan.
** Trucking and logistics operators Swift Transportation Co and Knight Transportation Inc are merging in a stock-swap deal, creating a company with a market value of more than $5 billion.
** Buyout groups Bain Capital and Cinven won an auction for German drugmaker Stada on after a surprisingly large increase on a previous bid valued the company at about 5.3 billion euros ($5.6 billion).
** Turkey's Vestel is in talks to buy the television unit of Japan's Toshiba Corp, a Vestel official said, a deal that could be worth a few hundred million dollars and could expand the Turkish firm's global presence.
** Anglo American will sell its Eskom-linked thermal coal operations in South Africa for $166 million, it said, marking an important step in the mining giant's strategic overhaul to sharpen its focus on three commodities.
** China's HNA Holding Group Co. said it would make an offer to acquire Singapore-listed logistics firm CWT Ltd for $1 billion.
** A consortium of investors led by Indian private equity fund True North has agreed to acquire Religare Enterprises Ltd's health insurance business in the country, the groups said in a joint statement on Sunday. (Compiled by Komal Khettry and Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru)
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BEIRUT Iran will provide military advisers to Syria for as long as necessary in support of President Bashar al Assad's forces, a senior commander in the Iranian Revolutionary Guards was quoted on Tuesday as saying.
Iran has provided military support to Assad's forces since at least 2012, but initially did not comment publicly on its role. But as the military support increased and Iranian casualties also rose, officials began to speak more openly.
"The advisory help isn't only in the field of planning but also on techniques and tactics," the Fars news agency quoted Mohammad Pakpour, head of the Revolutionary Guard ground forces, as saying. "And because of this the forces have to be present on the battlefield."
"We will continue our advisory help as long as they (the Syrians) need it," he added.
An Iranian official said late last year that more than 1,000 Iranians had been killed in the Syrian civil war. These include a handful of senior commanders of the Revolutionary Guards, according to Iranian media reports.
Iran has helped to train and organise thousands of Shi'ite militia fighters from Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan in the Syrian conflict. Fighters from Lebanon's Hezbollah are also working closely with Iranian military commanders in Syria.
Pakpour said the Revolutionary Guards' ground forces were in Syria to help the Quds Force, the branch of the Guards responsible for operations outside of Iran's own borders.
"There is very close coordination between the Syrian army and the Revolutionary Guards advisers," Pakpour said.
Iran and Russia are Assad's main allies in the conflict, while the United States, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab states support opposition groups seeking to overthrow him.
Russia's intervention in the conflict has tilted it decisively back into Assad's favour.
(Reporting By Babak Dehghanpisheh; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Map of where child may have been
Investigators with the Greece Police Department in Greece, NY are asking for your help to identity an unknown child found in 1976.
On March 9, 1976, the skeletal remains of a young child were found inside a blue metal storage trunk in the basement of an apartment complex in Greece, NY. Greece is a neighborhood just outside of Rochester, NY.
As part of its ongoing search, law enforcement and the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children facilitated isotope testing on the child's remains which indicate that he may not have been local to the New York area, having likely spent the first years of his life in the U.S. Northwest (blue) and the last years of his life in the U.S. Southeast (red). See map in attached images.
Greece PD worked with the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children to have the child's DNA tested, confirming the child is male.
He had brown hair and was found wearing a light blue pajama top with a deer design on the left chest area. He was also wearing a plastic diaper that was fastened with two stainless steel diaper pins.
He had a prominent bulge to the back left region of his skull creating a large skull abnormality. While it's not clear what caused it, it likely meant the child could not walk and had developmental deficiencies.
NCMEC is releasing a facial reconstruction showing how the child may have looked in life (attached).
Anyone with tips should call NCMEC at 1-800-THE-LOST (1-800-843-5678).
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — The Latest on a former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents who is being criticized for comparing gay people to pedophiles (all times local):
5:15 p.m.
The chair of the board that governs the University of Oklahoma system says the panel disagrees with one of its members saying that gay people are like pedophiles.
Chairman Clay Bennett, who also is chairman of the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, said in statement Monday that the OU board of regents values students' diverse perspectives, backgrounds and experiences. Bennett said the board is reiterating its commitment to fairness and inclusion at OU system universities.
Advertisement
Humphreys made the comments on KFOR-TV's public affairs show over the weekend. The former Oklahoma City mayor also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
Humphreys has not responded to requests from The Associated Press for comment.
___
2:25 p.m.
The University of Oklahoma's student body president is chastising a Board of Regents member who compared gay people to pedophiles.
Student government President J.D. Baker released an open letter Sunday urging the campus to voice its opinion about comments Kirk Humphreys made on a local TV public affairs show over the weekend.
Baker says the comments were "outright disrespectful, out of line and ignorant."
The president of the university's LGBTQ Alumni Society went a step further Monday, calling on Humphreys to resign. Joe Sangirardi says Humphreys serves as a regent to support students, not attack them.
Humphreys made the comments during KFOR-TV's public affairs show. The former Oklahoma City mayor also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
Humphreys has not responded to requests from The Associated Press for comment.
___
12:15 p.m.
The president of the University of Oklahoma is distancing himself from comments made by a Board of Regents member who compared gay people to pedophiles.
University President David Boren said in a statement Monday that board member and former Oklahoma City Mayor Kirk Humphreys wasn't speaking on behalf of the university.
Boren also says he doesn't share Humphreys' views and that the university is a diverse and inclusive family.
Humphreys made the comments during a local TV public affairs show that aired over weekend on KFOR-TV. He also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
A staffer at Humphreys' office says he was out of town Monday and unavailable to comment. Humphreys also didn't immediately reply to an email seeking comment from The Associated Press.
___
10:55 a.m.
A former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents is being criticized for comparing gay people to pedophiles.
Kirk Humphreys made the comments over the weekend on KFOR-TV's public affairs show. He also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct.
LGBTQ advocacy group Freedom Oklahoma has called for his removal from the board if he doesn't apologize. Executive Director Troy Stevenson says Humphreys' comments were disheartening and dangerous for LGBTQ youth who are already harassed and bullied.
A staffer at Humphreys' office said he was out of town Monday and unavailable to comment.
Stevenson said Monday his group will protest an Oklahoma City real estate project that belongs to Humphreys' family business if he doesn't apologize.
April 6 Fanhua Inc
* Fanhua announces strategic investment from Fosun
* Fanhua inc says completion of a private placement of 66 million ordinary shares of co at us$0.44185 per ordinary share by fosun industrial holdings
* Fanhua inc says fosun holds 5.34% of equity interests in company post-closing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Saints will start this season's Anglo-Welsh Cup campaign with a tricky trip to Aviva Premiership champions Exeter Chiefs on November 4.
The opening game will bring back memories for many of Jim Mallinder's men, who lost 15-8 to the Chiefs in the Anglo-Welsh Cup final at Sandy Park in March, 2014.
Saints' second game of the group stages will be at home to the Dragons, who they beat 71-21 in a pre-season friendly last Saturday, on November 11.
Saints will clock up plenty of miles in the pool stages as their second away game will be at Sale Sharks, on the weekend of January 26.
And they will finish their bid to qualify for the semi-finals with a home game against Harlequins during the first weekend of February.
In the Anglo-Welsh Cup, teams are placed in four pools of four, but they do not face the sides in their pool.
Instead, they compete against clubs from another pool in a bid to finish top of their own section.
The top team from each pool progresses to the semi-finals.
Saints have been grouped with Saracens, Scarlets and Worcester Warriors.
Saints' 2017/18 Anglo-Welsh Cup fixtures
Saturday, November 4: Exeter Chiefs (a), 3pm
Saturday, November 11: Dragons (h), 3pm
January 26/27/28: Sale Sharks (a), TBC
February 2/3/4: Harlequins (h), TBC
“Hold on to my dream, fight for the photo. We [photojournalists] are the ones who make the history, not historians.” This was a part of a message Mahmoud Abu Zeid, known as Shawkan, sent from prison last November.
In an attempt to keep his dream alive, while framing his name as a slogan for creativity, credibility, and honour, the Shawkan Photojournalism Award released its second round of winning photographs.
What Shawkan did, in order to spend more than 1,000 days of his life detained in a dark cell with barely any sunlight and no charges against him, was his job. As a photojournalist, Shawkan, was capturing the violence on display at the dispersal of the Rabaa Al-Adaweya sit-in, before he was arrested on 14 August 2013.
For more than three years, Shawkan's case was highlighted while many figures and institutions called for his freedom; however, all attempts to exonerate and release Shawkan fade with every decision to adjourn the case taken by the Cairo Criminal Court.
The competition was first launched in 2015 by a group of photojournalists who wanted to honour Shawkan's name and increase the pressure on his case while raising people's awareness for the cause.
“Having a photojournalism competition with Shawkan's name is all that we can do in order to remind as many people as possible about his case while emphasising our calls for his freedom,” said Mosaab El-Shamy, a photographer and one of the founders.
Through the competition, the founders emphasised “the importance of photojournalism in spreading truth and transferring oppressed aches and pains and changing reality for the better, which makes photojournalists a target in some cases” as the competition's official Facebook page states.
“When Shawkan found out we were hosting a second round of the competition, he was so thrilled and happy,” El-Shamy said. “It made him feel unforgotten and this is the most overwhelming feeling any detainee looks for.”
The pictures at the photojournalism section included several humanitarian shots from trials and funerals while the daily life section exhibited the simplicity of lower class citizens in their daily routine.
In the photojournalism section, out of 46 photographs, a picture featuring two women mourning and crying at the funeral of the victims of the Coptic church attack in Cairo, was awarded first place. The picture was taken by photographer Eslam Gomaa'.
In second place was a photograph taken by Ahmed Abdel Gawad. It shows a little girl leaning her cheek on a trial room's bench while waiting for her father's trial to start.
While the photojournalism section leaves one filled with heartache and sorrow, the pictures of the daily life competition come to heal the pain by bring joy and optimism by capturing happy moments.
The first place award in the daily life section's pictures went to photographer Mohammed Mahdy, who photographed two children smiling at Rashid, while one of them proudly holds a little chick on his shoulder while running.
As for second place, it went to Ali Zarey who captured a wedding at a city in Dakahlia governorate with drunk men sitting besides many empty beer bottles.
The panel of judges included several photographers and photo editors who worked at international institutions and newspapers, including Ahmed Haymen.
“This year's round witnessed more participation than the previous one,” said Hossam Diab, one of the judges. “Most photojournalists can feel Shawkan's pain, and in order to show their support there have been more participants.”
This year's round witnessed the participation of more than 800 photographers, unlike the previous one, which only attracted 100 photojournalists. This year's competition hosted more evocative pictures and more talented photographers.
“Despite the lack of political events, aside from a few terrorist attacks, the number of pictures capturing political events in a creative and powerful way is much more than the previous year,” Diab said. “This indicates that younger generations are more aware of their work as photographers.”
When the competition launched in 2015, its founders planned to host a one-time only competition, believing that by the second year, Shawkan would be free and they would not need to hold a second edition. Given that their dream has yet to become a reality, they decided that even when Shawkan is released, the competition will run annually.
“Hopefully, Shawkan will join us soon, and he could be one of the judges next year” Diab concluded.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 Latam Autos Ltd:
* Operations in Peru are expected to be maintained at cash flow breakeven in 2017
* Expenditure in Argentina and Panama will be reduced to minimal levels with closure of local offices in 2017
* Argentina and panama domains and organic revenues are expected to be maintained to provide future optionality in 2017
* Senior management remuneration will also be reduced by 25% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Netmedia SA:
* Said on Saturday that it recognised an impairment for value Inwestycje Alternatywne Profit SA shares at amount of 3.6 million zlotys ($930,786)
* The impairment to hit FY 2016 financial result of the company
* The company owns in total 32.94 pct of stake in Inwestycje Alternatywne Profit
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.8677 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 20 Wecast Network Inc
* Wecast Network Inc says appointment of Sean Wang to company's board of directors, effective April 14, 2017
* Wecast Network Inc says Polly Wang and Xuesong Song have both stepped down as members of board effective April 14, 2017
* Wecast Network Inc says board is currently conducting a search process and intends to increase number of independent director(s) on board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK The U.S. economy's service sector expanded in March but at its slowest pace since October, according to an industry report released on Wednesday.
The Institute for Supply Management (ISM) said its index of non-manufacturing activity fell to 55.2 from 57.6 in February which was the highest since October 2015.
The March reading was below expectations of 57.0 from a Reuters poll of 64 economists.
A reading above 50 indicates expansion in the service sector and a reading below 50 indicates contraction.
The business activity index fell to 58.9 from 63.6 the month before. That was below expectations of 61.5.
The employment index fell to 51.6 from 55.2 a month earlier. New orders dropped to 58.9 from 61.2. The prices paid index fell to 53.5 from 57.7.
The U.S. economy's manufacturing sector expanded in March but at a slower pace than the previous month, according to an earlier ISM report.
(Reporting by Richard Leong)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BIM says in a statement it sold 4.24 pct of Elior to Fonds Strategique de Paricipations:
* BIM RETAINS 23.07 PERCENT STAKE AFTER THE SALE, REMAINING REFERENCE SHAREHOLDER
* BIM AND ITS FOUNDER ROBERT ZOLADE WILL CONTINUE TO SUPPORT ELIOR DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Dominique Vidalon)
March 31 Aroundtown Property Holdings PLC:
* Rental and operating income for FY 2016 at 274 million euros ($292.50 million), up 119 pct YOY
* 2016 EBITDA amounted to 1,109 million euros, compared to 1,041 million euros in 2015
* FY net profit at 901 million euros
* Updating dividend policy to 65 pct distribution of FFO I per share, effective for 2016 results, resulting in a dividend payout of 0.163 euro, up 220 pct from 2015
* EPRA NAV at 3.9 billion euros as of year-end 2016, an increase of 42 pct from 2.7 billion euros in december 2015
* Total assets amount to 8.1 billion euros at the end of 2016, up 82 pct from 4.4 billion euros in the end of 2015
* December 2016 EPRA NAV per share at 4.9 euros, up from 3.7 euros in December 2015 Source text: bit.ly/2ohAfQe Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9368 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses his supporters during a rally for the upcoming referendum, in Izmir, Turkey, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
ANKARA Turkey accused the United Nations on Thursday of meddling in its internal politics shortly before a referendum that could give President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping presidential powers.
In a statement earlier in the day, U.N. rights experts said Turkey's security crackdown after a failed coup attempt in July had undermined the chance for informed debate on the referendum. They said a state of emergency imposed after the abortive putsch had been used to justify repressive measures that might well intensify if Erdoğan's powers are enhanced.
Turkish Foreign Ministry spokesman Huseyin Muftuoglu said the U.N. statement was "worrisome" and its timing indicated a deliberate political approach ahead of the referendum.
"The fact that the statement came right before the April 16 public vote and contained political comments strengthens the view that this approach is deliberate," Muftuoglu said in a statement. He said Turkey was calling on the United Nations to continue constructive dialogue and cooperation.
The security clampdown since the coup attempt has seen more than 100,000 people from a wide range of professions sacked or dismissed and scores of media outlets closed.
It has raised concern among democracy and rights groups and Turkey's Western allies but the government argues the purges are justified by the extent of the threat to the state on July.
Sunday's referendum has polarised the nation. The changes could replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, marking the biggest change in Turkey's political system in its modern history.
A narrow majority of Turks will vote "Yes" in the referendum, two opinion polls showed on Thursday.
Erdoğan and his supporters argue that strengthening the presidency would avert instability associated with coalition governments, at a time when Turkey faces major security threats from Islamist and Kurdish militants.
His critics fear a further drift into authoritarianism under a leader they regard as bent on eroding modern Turkey's democracy and secular foundations.
(Reporting by Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Tuvan Gumrukcu; editing by Mark Heinrich)
A thin, discreet, highly efficient webcam cover to protect you and your Loved one's privacy from unwanted access to your webcam and device. It makes it literally impossible to steal images from your device's webcam.
Facebook - Cover
Contact
Privycam
***@privycam.com Privycam
End
-- Privycam announced that it has launched a crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo to allow its privacy protection solution to successfully go to market. Starting from US$6 for the early-bird special, Privycam intends to make a difference by making privacy protection seamless, discreet, efficient and yet affordable.Cybersecurity has become a concern to many web users. Given that hacking kits are cheaply available, gaining control of personal device is now easier than before and raises the growing potential exposure to webcam hacking and the threat of privacy being invaded without noticing.Covering a webcam can easily be done with a post-it or a piece of tape. While we agree with covering the webcam, we believe that there should be better solutions such as Privycam."We believe that even though privacy is highly valuable, protecting it should not be ugly, unpractical nor break the bank" - Said Thomas, a Co-Founder of Privycam.While announcing the availability of Privycam, Tom and Anthony, the team behind the product said that they are launching a crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo to allow them to produce the privacy protecting device."This can actually happen without even noticing that you are being observed," said Anthony while outlining the dangers that are posed with unprotected or uncovered webcam.Privycam is a webcam cover that is easy to stick onto a device and at 0.7mm, it is thinner than a credit card which makes it very discreet while not getting in the way of how devices are usually used.Privycam is simple yet highly efficient and it seamlessly protects its users from privacy violation while providing full peace of mind when it comes to device with cameras. Once installed, it just needs to be slided left or right to give access to the webcam or not and to ensure privacy is protected at all times.For more information, please visit the Indiegogo campaign: https://www.igg.me/ at/privycam OrWebsite: http://www.privycam.com Email: hello@privycam.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/PrivycamTwitter: https://twitter.com/privycam
April 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Israeli championship Champions Group matches on Saturday Saturday, April 15 Maccabi Haifa 0 Bnei Sakhnin 1 Maccabi Tel Aviv 2 Maccabi Petah Tikva 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Hapoel Beer Sheva 29 21 5 3 61 14 68 ------------------------- 2 Maccabi Tel Aviv 30 20 5 5 53 20 65 3 Maccabi Petah Tikva 30 13 9 8 37 29 48 ------------------------- 4 Bnei Sakhnin 30 12 9 9 28 32 45 ------------------------- 5 Beitar Jerusalem * 29 12 10 7 40 30 44 6 Maccabi Haifa 30 11 8 11 33 35 41 ------------------------- * Deducted 2 points. 1: Champions League preliminary round 2-3: Europa League preliminary round 4: Europa League depending on domestic cup Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, April 17 Hapoel Beer Sheva v Beitar Jerusalem (1800)
April 12 Respira Therapeutics
* Respira Therapeutics says entered into a strategic collaboration with united therapeutics corporation for development and exclusive license of respira's rt234
* In addition, United Therapeutics will be lead investor in respira's series B preferred stock financing
* As per collaboration, United Therapeutics will provide co with non-dilutive development funding to advance rt234 through fda approval
* Additional terms of strategic collaboration were not disclosed
* To continue advancing development of other pipeline programs,to retain full control of research and development programs outside of pulmonary hypertension Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Banca Ifis SpA:
* Further transactions in NPL sector for a total nominal value of about 414 million euros ($440.95 million)
* Completes the acquisition of two portfolios of consumer credits and unsecured bank credits for a total nominal value of about 414 million euros
* The first portfolio has a nominal value of about 302 million euros, corresponding to 14,071 positions; 77 pct of the portfolio is composed of retail loans and the remainder of corporate loans
* The second portfolio has a nominal value of about 112 million euros and a total of 12,670 positions, mostly retail, mainly consisting of credit cards and consumer loans Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9389 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
PARIS/NOUAKCHOTT A French soldier was killed in Mali after a clash with armed militants, French President Francois Hollande's office said on Thursday, highlighting instability in the west African state which is vulnerable to attacks from jihadist groups.
"The president has learned with great sadness of the death of a (soldier) ... following a clash with terrorists during an operation in the southeast of the country," Hollande's office said in a statement.
The Sahel region with its huge expanse of remote desert is home to several jihadist groups. The area saw several armed attacks on targets inside neighbouring Burkina Faso and Ivory Coast last year.
France intervened in Mali four years ago to drive out al Qaeda-linked militants who hijacked a rebellion in 2012 by ethnic Tuaregs and attempted to take control of the central government in Bamako.
The former colonial power has since spread some 4,000 soldiers across the region, known as the Barkhane force, to hunt down Islamists, while United Nations' peacekeepers have also been deployed to ensure Mali's stability.
France redeployed about 1,000 troops to Mali's Gao region to tackle renewed violence there after almost 80 people were killed at a military camp in Gao in January. That attack was claimed by al Qaeda's North African wing which said it wanted to punish groups cooperating with France.
Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said the soldier, the 19th to be killed since Paris' intervention, had died during a joint operation with Burkinabe and Malian forces on Wednesday afternoon near Hombari on Mali's southwestern border.
He said the troops were attacked after an explosive device blew up an armoured vehicle, with the soldier killed in the ensuing clash.
"The situation in Mali remains unstable," Le Drian told reporters on Thursday.
French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault, due in Gao on Friday with German counterpart Sigmar Gabriel, is undertaking a two-day trip to the region, as part of a move to boost regional counter-terrorism efforts and find ways for the various parties involved in Mali to stop the violence.
(Additional reporting by Marine Pennetier in Paris; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Richard Balmforth)
March 30Huayu Automotive Systems Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 10 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
* It will set up a new electronic branch in Shanghai, which is engaged in car parts related business
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/JW7Mmv
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum claims her autistic son, who cannot speak, was banned from the school bus for making too much noise.
Horcel Kett, aged 18 and from Kings Norton, communicates only through making noises and writing down words.
He attends the sixth form at Mayfield School in Lozells .
But his mum Armelle claims her son was asked to leave the school bus for 'making too much noise' and has not been allowed back on since.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Birmingham City Council said the bus service had been suspended so safety assessments could be carried out - but a taxi had been provided in its place.
The bus incident happened on Friday, June 8, after Horcel and his fellow pupils had been on a school trip to Edinburgh.
Feeling tired, Armelle believes her son was crying and making loud noises when he got on the school bus to go home.
She says she got a call from school to go and collect Horcel after the bus driver asked him to get off the bus.
"I was surprised when I got a call from school at 4.45pm to say he was still there and I needed to go and get him," said the mum-of-three.
"They said he'd been crying and making noise on the bus.
"My son is a non-verbal child so the only way for him to express himself is by making noises.
"It seemed like no-one tried to find out what was wrong with him.
"It had been a long trip back from Edinburgh and it was very hot that day. He was tired and upset.
"He got on the school bus to come home, but they took him off and back into the school.
"They said someone from the transport team decided to take him off because he was getting very loud and it wasn't good for the other children.
"He can write so I asked him to write down what had happened when we got home.
"He wrote "Horcel tired, Horcel angry, Horcel drink."
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Armelle thought it was a one-off incident so was stunned when the transport services refused to send a bus for her son on Monday, or any day after that.
"On Monday, we thought the bus must just be late," said Armelle, who is a full-time mum and carer and studying beauty at college.
"But when I called they said the bus will not be coming 'because of your son's behaviour last week',"
"No-one called to talk to me about. There'd been no warning that they were going to stop him using the bus.
"As a result, he was stuck at home for eight days.
"Any change to his routine really disrupts him."
Horcel's teacher got in touch and, as a result, the transport company arranged a taxi to take him to and from school.
But he needs to be escorted in the taxi.
A teacher escorted him on a couple of days but cannot do so long term.
Single mum Armelle says she is unable to take Horcel to and from school because she has to get her other two children to school.
His brother Mason, 11, also has special needs and attends The Pines special school in Erdington. Mason is transported to and from school by another school bus and Armelle has to be there to make sure he gets on and off the bus.
She then has to take her daughter Holy, 10, to St Joseph's school in Kings Norton.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
"I cannot physically be in three places at the same time," added Armelle, who pays £300 for Horcel's transport to and from school for the year.
"I'm a single mum and there's no family or friends I can call upon.
"I've now been told that the transport company can't help us and that Horcel can't go to school.
"He's at the sixth form so he's due to carry on in September.
"It's his right to be in school like other children."
Read More The best secondary schools Birmingham
Solihull
Sandwell
Dudley
Walsall
Staffordshire
Warwickshire
Worcestershire
A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said: "The current school transport provision has been suspended until an occupational therapist assessment has been completed in order to ensure the safety of the pupil, other pupils on transport, the guide/driver and other road users.
"Alternative travel assistance has been provided in the form of a 1:1 taxi.
"Mum has other children to take to other schools but we can accommodate that drop off at school if required, and this is at our expense so she is not paying extra."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Avista Corp:
* AVISTA CORP. BOARD INCREASES COMMON STOCK DIVIDEND
* AVISTA - DECLARED QUARTERLY DIVIDEND OF $0.3725 PER SHARE ON COMMON STOCK, INCREASE OF $0.015 PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Adam Scott of Australia hits to the eighth green in final round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Charl Schwartzel of South Africa celebrates a birdie putt on the 18th green in final round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
AUGUSTA, Georgia Two former U.S. Masters champions saw their fortunes diverge on Sunday as 2011 winner Charl Schwartzel rallied to finish third while 2013 victor Adam Scott slipped to a tie for ninth.
South African Schwartzel, 32, said he was proud of his Sunday performance as he reeled off six birdies to just two bogeys, but said he was ultimately too far behind to catch champion Sergio Garcia and runner-up Justin Rose.
"Sergio and Justin, they're really playing well now," Schwartzel told reporters after a final-round 68 left him three strokes behind Garcia and Rose, who decided the title in a sudden-death playoff.
After starting the day just three shots back of co-leaders Garcia and Rose and one ahead of Schwartzel, Scott was unable to get it going on Sunday, with four bogeys overshadowing his three birdies.
"I was looking for something special today and it wasn't even close in all areas," Australia's Scott told reporters.
A missed short putt on the third hole threw his momentum off and he said he was never able to get back on track.
"I was fighting and it's hard to feel comfortable all the time out there, especially on a Sunday. So, it wasn't going my way," he said.
The 36-year-old Scott, who has managed just one top-10 on the PGA Tour this season, tipped his cap to Garcia, who finally ended his majors drought in his 75th try by donning the Green Jacket on Sunday.
"It's almost a more well‑earned major than Phil Mickelson's first, (and) was quite a lot longer than anyone would have imagined for him," he said.
(Editing by Larry Fine)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 I.Ceram SA:
* Signs strategic collaboration agreement with university Paris 13
* The first experimental results of this agreement are expected at the end of the year 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cryptocurrencies plunged on Friday, with bitcoin at one point sliding below $8,000 (5,648.52 pounds) and headed for its biggest weekly loss since December 2013, amid worries about a regulatory clampdown globally.
The currencies have come off their lows but analysts said the sell-off was probably not over.
This week's slump brought the total market value of cryptocurrencies down to around $400 billion, half the high it reached in January, according to industry tracker Coinmarketcap.com. The market value of cryptocurrencies is calculated by multiplying the number of digital coins in existence by their price, although many questions whether that is the right way to value them.
Bitcoin, the biggest and best-known cryptocurrency, fell as much as 15 percent on Friday to a two-month low of $7,625 on the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange BTC=BSP. It clawed back some losses and was down around 5.6 percent at $8,498 in late New York trading.
The virtual currency is down by close to 25 percent this week and almost 40 percent in 2018. It surged more than 1,000 percent though in 2017.
For some market participants, bitcoin may be down, but it is not likely to fade.
“Bitcoin has become, and will continue to be, primarily a speculative asset class,” said David Moskowitz, Co-founder and Director of Indorse, the decentralized social network for professionals.
He added that the recent drops in transaction fees have made it easier to use bitcoin for payments once again. And if a payment solution can help the congestion, bitcoin may once again become an effective payment network, Moskowitz said.
The second and third largest virtual currencies, Ethereum and Ripple, also plunged more than 20 percent at the session low, Coinmarketcap.com said. Ethereum was last down 13.2 percent, at $888.22, while Ripple last traded at 83 U.S. cents, down 14.7 percent.
Retail investors have poured money into digital coins, enticed by the huge run-up in prices. Regulators say cryptocurrencies are highly speculative and dangerous investments.
On Thursday, India vowed to eradicate the use of crypto-assets, joining China and South Korea in promising to ban parts of the nascent market where prices have boomed in recent years.
Social media website Facebook (FB.O) said this week it would ban cryptocurrency advertisements because many were associated with misleading or deceptive promotional practices. U.S. regulators have sent a subpoena to two of the world's biggest cryptocurrency players, Bitfinex and Tether
A massive $530 million hack of a Japanese cryptocurrency exchange last week renewed worries about the security of the industry.
Critics of virtual currencies have called the run-up in prices a speculative bubble, but supporters of cryptocurrencies say short-term price volatility is to be expected, and the blockchain technology underpinning these assets maintains its power and value.
Going back to 2011 and including the current selloff, bitcoin's price has been halved nine times on the Bitstamp exchange before recovering. The last time was from November 2014 to January 2015.
SHANGHAI, March 30 Hong Kong stocks fell on Thursday, weighed by financials and index heavyweight Tencent, with weakness in mainland stocks also hurting sentiment.
The benchmark Hang Seng index dropped 0.4 percent to 24,301.09 points, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 0.8 percent to 10,355.71.
Chinese money inflow was absent as the southbound trading between mainland cities and Hong Kong through connect schemes was suspended until April 5 for a holiday break.
Shares lost ground across the board.
Shares of most mainland financial institutions fell, while Tencent retreated 1.3 percent after its recent rally.
Li & Fung Ltd plummeted nearly 10 percent after the firm reported a 47 percent slide in annual net profit, missing expectations. (Reporting by the Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Kim Coghill)
BEIJING China on Friday reiterated its stance that it is opposed to any official exchanges between Taiwan and countries that have diplomatic ties with China.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang made the comment at a regular press briefing. China considers self-ruled Taiwan a breakaway province.
U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday in an interview with Reuters spurned the Taiwanese president's suggestion that the two leaders hold another phone call, saying he did not want to create problems for Chinese President Xi Jinping when Beijing appears to be helping efforts to rein in North Korea.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Writing by Michael Martina)
April 10 Lifewatch AG:
* Said on Sunday BioTelemetry, Inc. launches a tender offer to acquire Lifewatch AG
* The total deal value is approximately 260 million Swiss francs ($257.71 million)
* BioTelemetry intends to disseminate an Offer Prospectus and commence the tender offer by mid-April 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 1.0089 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Animal Farm: Looking From APC To PDP And There Is No Difference -By Damilola Banjo
“Twelve voices were shouting in anger, and they were all alike. No question, now, what had happened to the faces of the pigs. The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.”- Animal Farm by George Orwell
It was in 2014 when I was a 400 level student in University of Ibadan, that I learnt an important truth about Nigerian political parties that has since shaped the way I see them. I cannot remember what the topic was in ‘Writing For Print Media,' class that day, but I remember Professor Ayo Ojebode telling us how it is very hard to see a member of United States Democrat party convert to a Republican and vice versa. In the Professor's words, the two parties have defining set of political orientations which make ‘decamping' almost impossible
Importantly, he said the reason politicians easily cross carpet in Nigeria is that the parties lack these defining principles. That is why Atiku Abubakar can wake up in PDP, take lunch in APC, back to PDP for a nap, then peep at SDP for an evening show. That is the rate of political promiscuity among Nigerian politicians and this attests to one fact – the two prominent parties in Nigeria are exactly the same, except for their names.
In recent times, we have seen how the two parties try to show us which of them is more corrupt. The parties never denied culpability, they merely want Nigerians to see the difference in their shades of corruption. APC released a looters' list which should have been better dabbed ‘Opposition Shaming list'. The list assumes no member of the APC is corrupt. None of them has ever taken for themselves what belongs to the people. The likes of Babachir Lawal, Ayodele Oke, (except maybe) Bukola Saraki have no criminal allegations hanging on their fat necks. They are members of the ruling party, hence can do no wrong.
Interestingly, when the opposition decided to respond, it never bothered to defend any of its members whose name appeared on the list. Instead, it issued its own list of corrupt APC members. President Muhammadu Buhari must explain how N1.1 trillion crude oil revenue was stolen under him as the Petroleum Minister. He must give an account of the embezzled N18 billion and N10 billion from internally displaced persons (IDPs) intervention fund and National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) fund respectively. It is simply a case of your thieves are bigger than mine.
For every inadequacy you accused PDP of, you are sure of an exact replica in APC. Looking across states, you see the same negative indices, regardless of the fact of the party in power. Schools and hospitals suffer the same dereliction regardless of the fact that the governor was elected on the platform of PDP or APC. There are as much abandoned projects initiated by APC lawmakers as there are from PDP lawmakers. There is simply nothing to distinguish the two major parties from each other in terms of performance, ideology or disposition of their members or value orientation.
APC is a conglomeration of different parties which were in opposition and had at various times, condemned the indiscretions of PDP for the 16 years it was Nigeria's ruling party. Thus, one would ordinarily expect that having seen ‘how not to lead a country' as was well displayed by PDP from 1999 to 2015, it would carve a better path for itself after it succeeded in displacing PDP in 2015.
Unfortunately, this has not been the case. The APC led government has fallen short in every aspect of governance it crowed about in its vociferous criticisms of PDP, especially in the two years that preceded the 2015 general election.
The management of the visit of President Muhammadu Buhari to Lagos a few days ago by Governor Akinwumi Ambode led government was an example in this regard. The presidential visit turned out to be a perfect imitation of chronic disregard for residents of the state displayed by the then PDP President Goodluck Jonathan during a similar visit.Indeed, APC had advised Jonathan to take a chopper from Muritala International Airport to the venues of events he was scheduled to attend so as not cause unnecessary traffic gridlock and discomfort to the residents of the state. But APC forgot about its own ‘advise' during the visit of Buhari to Lagos. The party chooses to go the same old way of blocking of roads and even, took the indiscretion a notch higher by declaring a public holiday for the presidential visit. Hundreds of residents had to trek to their various places of work. Those who are lucky to get public transport had to endure heavy traffic just as they did when Ex-President Jonathan visited.
As APC and PDP continue to point fingers at each other, Nigerian masses must realize that their bickering serves no good purpose for them. Just like the creature outside the window in the book ‘Animal Farm' could no longer differentiate between the pigs and men, the ‘lines' have completely vanished between APC and PDP. If the country must survive this havoc, we must vigorously begin the search for a better alternative.
Comments
comments
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South Africa's treasury said on Friday outgoing Minister of Finance Pravin Gordhan will brief the media at 0900 GMT following President Jacob Zuma's decision to fire him and his deputy minister.
In a statement just after midnight on Thursday Zuma said home affairs head Malusi Gigaba would replace Gordhan, rocking the country's markets and currency and triggering a widespread condemnation from business and civil society. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
FRANKFURT Chinese conglomerate HNA Group has become Deutsche Bank's biggest direct shareholder, upping its stake in the flagship lender of Europe's top economy to just under 10 percent, according to a U.S. regulatory filing.
HNA's buy, which one trader said would lift confidence in the lender's stock, leaves roughly one fifth of the struggling bank in the hands of investors who may be pursuing strategic interests.
It comes at a time of heightened uncertainty at the bank, as it grapples with a strategic turnaround, an uncertain global economy and the impact of Britain's departure from the European Union.
HNA's stake puts it slightly ahead of Qatari investors. Funds controlled by Qatar's former Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani last year increased their stake, including options, to just under 10 percent.
The Chinese group has been on an acquisition spree, expanding from its traditional business of aviation and logistics into financial services, betting on asset managers and consumer finance for growth at home and overseas.
It reflects a broader push by China into financial services globally as Beijing encourages its corporate sector to expand overseas, although it faces increased regulatory scrutiny in the United States and Europe.
Hefty legal penalties including for the sale of toxic U.S. mortgage debt have hit Deutsche Bank hard and even prompted speculation last year, denied by the bank, that it needed a government bailout.
Last month it asked investors to for an 8 billion euro cash injection, the fourth such request since 2010, putting it on track to raise more than its entire market value over roughly seven years.
HNA last lifted its stake in Deutsche in March to 4.76 percent. A regulatory filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said it had now increased this to 9.9 percent.
Fund manager BlackRock owns 6.1 percent.
(Writing by John O'Donnell and Emma Thomasson)
April 28 Perfect World Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 64.8 percent to 80.5 percent, or to be 630 million yuan to 690 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (382.2 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Z2cqBe
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mirza International Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT 209.1 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT 172.9 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 2.54 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 2.28 BILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
* Banks start reporting results on Thursday
* Financial stocks weigh most on S&P, defensive sectors up
* VIX, gold hit the highest levels since November
* Indexes down: Dow 0.26 pct, S&P 0.31 pct, Nasdaq 0.33 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 12 U.S. stocks edged lower on Wednesday as investors assessed uncertainty stemming from rising geopolitical tensions and the upcoming corporate earnings season.
The United States launched missiles at a Syrian airfield last week to retaliate a deadly chemical attack on civilians. The strikes pushed President Donald Trump, who came to power in January calling for warmer ties with Syria's ally Russia, and his administration into confrontation with Moscow.
Also, Chinese President Xi Jinping called on the U.S. for a peaceful resolution with North Korea, which has warned it would launch a nuclear attack if provoked by the United States, as a U.S. Navy strike group headed toward the western Pacific.
The S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average, while the price of gold and VIX, Wall Street's fear gauge, rose to their highest levels since November.
At 10:57 a.m. ET (1457 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 52.9 points, or 0.26 percent, at 20,598.4, the S&P 500 was down 7.27 points, or 0.31 percent, at 2,346.51 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 19.45 points, or 0.33 percent, at 5,847.32.
Earnings are likely to be the next catalyst for the market.
The big banks, which have outperformed in a post-election rally since November, are of particular interest as investors fret over valuations amid a lack of clarity on Trump's ability to deliver on his pro-growth policies of tax and regulatory cuts.
Financials were the worst hit on Wednesday. The S&P 500 financial index tumbled 0.91 percent, setting it up to post the fourth straight day of decline.
"Technically, we are due for a breather and if the earnings season disappoints, it could provide the correction that we need," said Josh Jalinski, president of Jalinski Advisory Group.
JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report results on Thursday, which will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower.
Utilities, real estate and consumer staples, defensive sectors with slow but predictable growth, rose.
Chipmaker Qualcomm dropped 2.8 percent to $53.81 after it was asked to refund Canada's BlackBerry $814.9 million in an arbitration settlement.
Delta Air Lines was up 3.5 percent at $46.90, boosted by a quarterly profit beat.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,869 to 846. On the Nasdaq, 1,832 issues fell and 776 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed nine 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 40 highs and 24 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
(Recasts to add details and quote, graphic) May 3 U.S. companies hired the fewest workers in six months in April as they faced increasing difficulty finding qualified workers in a tightening labor market, a report by a payrolls processor ADP showed on Wednesday. ADP said private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month, which was the smallest gain since the 62,000 increase last October. Economists surveyed by Reuters had forecast the ADP National Employment Report would show a gain of 175,000 jobs, with estimates ranging from 140,000 to 236,000. Private payroll gains for March were revised down to 255,000 from an originally reported 263,000 increase. The report is jointly developed with Moody's Analytics. "Job growth will slow as companies will find it harder to fill open positions," Moody's Analytics' chief economist Mark Zandi said on a conference call with reporters. "The labor market will get tighter. Wage growth is picking up." The world's biggest economy is on track to produce about two million jobs in 2017, compared with 2.5 million last year, while the jobless rate may fall to 4.0 percent in the next 12-24 months, Zandi said. An improving labor market will likely support traders' expectations that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates further in the coming months. The Federal Open Market Committee is widely expected to leave interest rates unchanged at the current range of 0.75-1.00 percent at its policy meeting that will conclude later Wednesday. Traders anticipate the Fed's policy-setting group would hike rates by a quarter point at its next meeting on June 13-14. The ADP figures come ahead of the U.S. Labor Department's more comprehensive non-farm payrolls report on Friday, which includes both public and private-sector employment. Economists polled by Reuters expect U.S. private payroll employment to have grown by 185,000 jobs in April, up from 89,000 the month before. Total non-farm employment is expected to have risen by 185,000. The unemployment rate is forecast to tick up to 4.6 percent from the 4.5 percent recorded a month earlier. ADP private Month Reuters Prior month Prior Economists Low High payroll Poll original month Polled Estimate Estimate revised 177,000 April 175,000 263,000 255,000 38 140,000 236,000 (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
TBILISI, March 30 Georgia's economic growth accelerated to 4.8 percent year-on-year in January-February 2017 from 1.7 percent in the same period a year ago, the National Statistics Service said on Thursday, helped by a rise in exports and remittances.
In February alone growth was 4.4 percent, up from 2.6 percent in February 2016, but down from 5.2 percent in January 2017.
The former Soviet republic, through which pipelines carry Caspian oil and gas to Europe, is recovering from a fall in exports and plunge in the currencies of its main trading partners that have depressed economic growth in recent years.
Georgia's economy expanded by 2.2 percent last year, down from 2.9 percent in 2015.
The government in Tbilisi expects the economy to grow by 4 percent in 2017.
(Reporting by Margarita Antidze; Editing by Alexander Winning and Toby Davis)
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 ALZINOVA AB:
* GETS NOTICE OF ALLOWANCE IN U.S. FOR PATENT OF AβCC AND ALZ-101
* PATENT PROTECTION FOR BASIC TECHNOLOGIES AβCC AND ALZ-101 TO RUN UNTIL APRIL 2029 WITH EXTENSION OPTION
Source text: bit.ly/2p4VdxF
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 24 Spotless Group Holdings Ltd-
* Spotless directors recommend shareholders reject dow offer
* Directors advise that they unanimously recommend that shareholders reject offer.
* Directors believe "offer is hostile, highly conditional and not certain to proceed" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 STORM REAL ESTATE ASA
* STORM REAL ESTATE ASA - CHANGES OF TERMS IN LOAN AGREEMENT
* AMENDED TERMS INCLUDE POSTPONEMENT OF MATURITY DATE TO JUNE 2019
* COMPANY'S LENDER HAS IN ITS CREDIT COMMITTEE ON 31/03/2017 GRANTED AMENDED TERMS TO COMPANY'S LOAN AGREEMENT
* AMENDED TERMS INCLUDE NO AMORTISATION UP TO AND INCLUDING Q3 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
BRIEF-Energy XXI Gulf Coast says ‍implemented additional workforce reductions​
* Energy XXI Gulf Coast - ‍total headcount was reduced by about 18 pct which will result in severance and separation expenses of approximately $2.5 million in q2​
A scanned image from a cell phone surveillance inside the mall appears to show the suspect on the left. (LVMPD)
Las Vegas police said a man accused of entering Boulevard Mall last week with a fake gun and mask had recently been denied a job at the mall and threatened a shooting.
Emile Daren Hopson, 25, was arrested Thursday night after multiple witness statements from the mall and a nearby neighborhood led to his apartment where he was arrested without incident, according to police.
[RELATED: Masked suspect armed with fake rifle at Boulevard Mall identified]
According to a police report, multiple people contacted authorities on May 17 around 7 p.m. saying a man with a green hoodie, mask and rifle walked from the Wells Fargo at Maryland Parkway and Sierra Vista Drive to the front doors of the Boulevard Mall, across the street.
Inside the mall, people reported shots fired and said the suspect was pointing a gun at patrons and employees. Police initiated a MACTAC response: multi-assault counterterrorism actions capability, and several officers were dispatched to the scene.
Two store employees told police they recognized a man matching Hopson's description from his gait. An employee of Sheikh shoe store said Hopson was turned down a job in recent weeks and threatened “to shoot the shoe store up.”
The manager of the store said Hopson came in the store nearly every day. He said Hopson was accused of recently stealing from a store in the mall, which police later verified with two documents.
No shots were fired and police later determined the rifle to be fake, according to Las Vegas Metro police.
BREAKING: Huge Metro situation at Boulevard Mall on Maryland Parkway. Dozens of units, County fire on scene. Armed officers at the Sears entrance. No details confirmed. @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/CNfjZiog9J — Kristen DeSilva (@kristendesilva) May 18, 2018
A witness who ran out of the mall showed detectives surveillance stills on her phone showing the suspect holding a rifle inside the mall. Multiple callers reported the suspect pointing the gun at citizens.
Another witness, an unidentified man, approached detectives and said he knew who the suspect was. The man had a video of an interaction with the suspect, the report said, that appeared to be from hours earlier. The man in the video was described as 5'10", afro-style hair, sideburns and a beard, wearing a green University of Michigan sweatshirt.
Detectives walked to nearby apartments where witnesses identified a man with a similar description and told police where he lived. The man was found shortly after and was taken into custody without incident.
Police said Hopson identified himself then feigned a seizure before making “completely unprompted excited utterances” to the detectives. He told police a man with a rifle in a mask tried to rob him. Other witnesses told police Hopson was the man wearing the same outfit that the suspected gunman was wearing.
“At this time, based on the information I have already obtained, there is probable cause to believe Hopson committed an act of terrorism. This is due to the current climate in this country regarding active shooting incidents,” an arresting detective wrote in the police report.
“Las Vegas alone is still in the shadow of the mass shooting on October 1, 2017 at the Route 91 Harvest Festival. Based on these facts, a reasonable and prudent person would, and several people did, believe a person wearing militant gear, a mask, carrying a rifle into a heavy populated, public place (such as the Boulevard Mall) and pointing said rifle at several people was doing to in order to commit a mass shooting.”
The report cited the NRS 202.445.1 “act of terrorism” definition, of which Hopson was charged with.
Hopson was due in court June 4.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
LONDON Oil major BP (BP.L) expects its trading operations to benefit from growing global crude trade on the back of abundant U.S., Canadian and Brazilian production and rising energy demand in Asia, a top BP executive said.
Tufan Erginbilgic, the head of BP's downstream division that includes one of the world's most powerful trading desks, told Reuters he wanted to expand BP's trading activities using long-term deals on third-party oil and products.
U.S. shale oil production using fracking technology has turned the world's largest oil consumer into an exporter of crude and products, while Canada is developing its vast oil sands deposits and Brazil is developing huge offshore fields.
"There will be more flows in the world because where crude production will increase is the U.S., Canada, Brazil, and refining will increase in Asia and the Middle East," Erginbilgic told Reuters in an interview.
"We are not shy of optimising the opportunities in any of our businesses," he said when asked if BP planned to expand its trading operations as flows increased.
BP, which employs about 1,800 people in oil trading, trades over 5 million barrels per day (bpd) of oil and refined products, and is only exceeded by rival Royal Dutch/Shell and trading house Vitol.
The trading unit does not normally disclose results separately from the downstream business, which includes refining and petrochemical production. But industry experts estimate trading profits can be more than $1 billion (803.24 million pounds) in a good year.
But, in an unusual move, BP said its oil trading had a loss in the fourth quarter of 2016 partly due to a $70 million lawsuit claim related to a cargo for a Moroccan refinery. It coincided with an oil price rally after OPEC announced plans to cut output.
"Our supply and trading is more about physical barrels than people realise," said Erginbilgic, referring to a common market perception that BP trades heavily on paper positions.
He also said BP wanted to expand its long-term deals to trade on crude and products from third-parties. "We like our (BP) flows, but we are not limited by them," he said.
The world is becoming saturated with barrels of light crude from U.S. shale producers, while cuts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries are reducing flows of the heavier grades that OPEC states mostly produce.
This benefits Atlantic basin refineries that are less sophisticated than modern Asian and Middle Eastern plants, which can deal with heavy and more complex grades of crude, said Erginbilgic. This should boost prices of heavier fuel oil.
"At some point, fuel oil will have to strengthen in this equation because people will need fuel oil to fill the cokers," he said, referring to units that deal with heavier residual crudes in the refining process.
But he said fuel oil gains were unlikely to hold for long due to new marine fuel regulations requiring the use of fuel with a lower sulphur content than fuel oil and encouraging usage of middle distillates from 2020. Middle distillates are lighter.
"Distillates will strengthen in the process at least early on," said Erginbilgic, adding that new refineries being built in Asia and the Middle East would help meet new marine fuel demand.
He said global demand for distillates was poised to grow faster than gasoline.
"Given the complexity of our refineries we are well positioned," said Erginbilgic, adding that 47 percent of output from BP's plants was distillates while less than 3 percent was high sulphur fuel oil.
BP has said it does not plan to build new refineries but will modernise existing ones.
Erginbilgic, who has run BP's downstream division since 2014, said he was ensuring that the trading business worked more closely with refining to generate profits.
"We brought together supply and trading and refining, they make decisions in the regions together. That allows you to optimise the pie," he said.
(Writing by Dmitry Zhdannikov; Editing by Edmund Blair)
April 6 Liberty Specialty Markets, part of Liberty Mutual Insurance Group, appointed Alexandra Paton head of global financial risks (GFR), continental Europe.
She will be based in both Paris and London and report to Peter Sprent, head of GFR at Liberty Specialty, and also to Olivier Muraire, who is director general for France and Southern Europe.
Paton, who has worked at American International Group Inc and was most recently chief market officer at MGA, Equinox Global, succeeds Alex Egnell.
Egnell was recently transferred to Liberty Specialty's GFR operation in North America. (Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru)
The logo of Tsinghua Unigroup is seen at its office in Beijing, China, November 15, 2015. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
HONG KONG Tsinghua Unigroup Ltd, China's biggest state-owned semiconductor group, on Thursday said media reports that it bid for Toshiba Corp's chip business were groundless, reiterating a similar statement made in February.
"Tsinghua Unigroup never participated in the bid and related matters," it said in a statement on its website.
Toshiba on Thursday received shareholder approval to split off its memory chip unit. It is looking to raise at least $9 billion from a sale to cover charges at its U.S. nuclear unit that threaten the Japanese conglomerate's future.
Around a dozen chipmakers and technology companies have been tipped as potential buyers for the unit, though a sale to a Chinese company or one with deep ties to China is widely expected to receive strong resistance from Japan's government.
China's ambition to develop a domestic chip champion through overseas acquisitions has hit regulatory hurdles from foreign governments. Tsinghua in 2015 tried to acquire U.S. chip group Micron Technology Inc, while a Chinese investment fund's attempt to buy German semiconductor equipment maker Aixtron SE was blocked in December.
Tsinghua this week announced it has clinched deals with a state bank and fund that will give it financing support of up to 150 billion yuan ($21.77 billion) over the next five years.
(Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
(Adds details)
BEIJING May 3 China will further regulate local government debt issuance and financing, six government agencies said in a joint statement on Wednesday, reinforcing recent steps to bolster financial risk controls.
China has taken aim at potential cracks in its financial system, ramping up regulatory checks with various high-flying officials calling for action against an alarming level of leverage.
In the statement, the government agencies, including the National Development and Reform Commission, the finance ministry, the central bank and securities and banking regulators, said China would push for a clearer boundary between local governments and their financing vehicles.
Local governments are strictly prohibited from injecting public assets into local government financing vehicles (LGFVs), or using expected land revenue as debt repayments for LGFVs, the statement said.
It also said LGFVs could not accept guarantees from local governments when thy issue debt, and authorities would strictly prohibit illegal debt issuance by local governments through public-private partnership projects.
The agencies ordered an inspection of local governments' financing and guarantee situation to "fully correct irregularities" by the end of July, the statement, posted on the finance ministry's official website, said.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Kevin Yao; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Nick Macfie)
