The site plan calls for redevelopment at the former Hong Kong Bistro restaurant site. This is where the former Pizza Hut restaurant building was located at 15065 Canada Ave.
The new building will be constructed in front of Rosemount Market Square off Highway 42.
John Green Partnership submitted a site plan for a new building with a fast-casual restaurant and two retail spaces. The development calls for a drive-thru to serve the restaurant.
The developer proposes the demolition of the existing building that may take place this fall but it is unclear on the timeline yet, according to Kim Lindquist, community development director with the city of Rosemount.
The new building will be 5,700 square feet with three tenants spaces positioned east to west within the building. The unit on the west side will contain a fast-casual restaurant with a drive-thru and seating for 30.
Development plans call for the other spaces to be retail businesses. No other restaurants are being proposed within the new building. The new development will have a single driveway, 32 parking spaces and the exterior building will be composed of a two-tone brick façade with vertical elements and red awnings will be installed over the windows.
Because the back of the building will face County Road 42, city staff asked the developers to enhance the building exterior along the north and rear. Plans call for adding 39 shrubs and other plants as part of the overall development landscape.
City staff proposed two goals for the development. One is to design a pleasing front visible from County Road 42 that receives high traffic visibility. The second goal is for developers to design a screen in the drive aisle area associated with the drive-thru restaurant.
The final development plans will be approved by Rosemount City Council.
UMore Park RFP
The University of Minnesota has distributed a development request for proposal Sept. 22 on 435 acres at UMore Park, according to Lindquist.
"This will allow for further development plans and acquisitions," she said.
That could mean activity on the land in the next year. The site is west and south of Dakota County Technical College.
"The RFP will go back to the university and they will pick those they want for the development," Lindquist said.
Developers will respond to the RFP that may include at first, primarily single-family homes and eventually a higher-density housing development, along with commercial development.
CLOSE Family owned Vince's Sports Center, a source for fun, is going to stay open, after business deal to sell to a German grocery story chain Lidl falls apart. The News Journal
Buy Photo Phil Santucci, Jr., a manager, talks with his father Phil Santucci, owner of Vince's Sports Center, in Newark, about future parties scheduled at their family owned business since 1981. (Photo: Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal)Buy Photo
Phil Santucci first took the sign off the road a few months ago.
The notice of an exploratory land development plan sat inside Vince's Sports Center in Ogletown while negotiations with the discount grocery store that wanted to buy the near-18-acre property and build a 36,000-square-foot store were falling apart.
When a contract with Lidl was terminated Friday, Santucci took a chainsaw to the yellow sign and posted photos to Facebook.
Vince's Sports Center, a staple on the intersection of Gender and Chestnut Hill roads since the early 1980s, will live on, ending a three-year process that had Santucci scrambling to relocate and some community members bracing for the potential of a new grocery store option.
"It's very rewarding today to not have that on our shoulders anymore and be able to move on and keep going on with other projects here," Santucci, 51, said.
Lidl, Santucci said, first approached him in February 2015 to buy a business that wasn't for sale. But everyone has a price, and Santucci eventually came around to the idea of relocating his multi-purpose facility to give way to a redevelopment on the property his father, Vince, a mushroom grower, first purchased 37 years ago.
The plan to build a new grocery store was approved by New Castle County Council in November of last year when Council voted to rezone a portion of the property and amend restrictions that limited its use to a recreational center.
Buy Photo Family owned Vince's Sports Center, in Newark, will remain open after deal with Lidl, a German grocery store chain, fell through. (Photo: Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal)
Construction was expected to start this spring as Lidl, the German-based grocer with more than 10,000 locations, continued its U.S. expansion.
But Santucci said he was surprised in February when a meeting at Vince's with stakeholders revealed Lidl was interested in renegotiating the purchase price. A 90-day window was given, Santucci said, and Lidl didn't come up with an agreeable offer.
“They didn't meet our agreed price," Santucci said. "I wasn't comfortable with what they counter-offered.”
Lidl, which has a location in Middletown, responded to a request for comment with an email from a spokesperson saying, "We are looking at a number of sites in the area, and are not addressing each individual one at this time. We look forward to working with New Castle County as we expand."
A source with experience in zoning and land use said renegotiating like this is not uncommon after a company — in this case Lidl — does its due diligence in analyzing and surveying a property it plans to purchase.
County councilwoman Lisa Diller, who represents the area, said she was disappointed the deal fell through.
"The community members had been looking forward to the store," Diller said.
"I just felt like it was a very positive experience up until it didn't go through," she said.
Diller also knows the sports facility has history in Ogletown.
"Look, everybody loves Vince's," she said. "Every kid that I know has done some kind of birthday party or event over the years.
"Nobody is upset about Vince's being open longer, that's for sure."
That's especially true for Santucci, who realized in his own due diligence that he probably wouldn't find a much better location.
"Looking at all the properties we were looking at told me I actually had the best location in town," he said. "I have three schools that could walk to me. It's a college town. I know all my neighbors. We have a lot of support from the community here."
Buy Photo Phil Santucci, Jr., a manager at Vince's Sports Center, in Newark, does maintenance work to a game machine. (Photo: Jennifer Corbett, The News Journal)
“I kind of had mixed feelings," said Phil Santucci Jr., 25, who will eventually become the third generation owner of the business. "It would've been exciting and kind of new adventure. But at the same time it's kind of where I grew up.”
That opinion was expressed by many on Facebook over the weekend.
"This is great news," wrote David Ruark. "My kids will never know a different Vince's."
A different Vince's would've likely meant no more par 3 golf course. The course takes up 13 of the 18 acres, Santucci said. He was looking at a smaller property, about five acres or so, and would've included go-karts.
Santucci said there's no hard feelings toward Lidl and business is business.
As for the future of Vince's? Santucci said he learned a lot during the process about zoning and what he could potentially do on the property. Lidl's plans included a 5,000-square-foot restaurant on the property and Santucci said he'd explore that option with a lease or maybe even a partial sale. And there's still the possibility for go-karts.
But, for now, it's still the same old Vince's.
"We had planned A, B and C," Santucci said.
What letter is this one?
“I think it's plan B, for sure," he said. "We were good either way. But now we don't need to move all this stuff.”
DELAWARE BUSINESS
Delaware's third Aldi opens its doors
Wilmington's 'hotel row' continues at Riverfront
New Rehoboth Beach brewpub hopes to draw in millennials
Hockessin mom has a growing mobile pallet party painting business
Contact reporter Jeff Neiburg at (302) 983-6772, jneiburg@delawareonline.com or on Twitter @Jeff_Neiburg.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/money/business/2018/05/30/vinces-sports-center-remain-open-deal-lidl-falls-apart/654834002/
The A38 has been closed in both directions following a serious crash.
The busy route in Barrow Gurney, near Bristol Airport has been closed since around 10.15am after a crash near Barrow Lane.
Two vehicles are involved and one person is trapped according to Avon and Somerset Police. A force spokeswoman said: "We were called at around 10.15am to reports of a two vehicle RTC on the A38, Bridgwater Road in Barrow Gurney.
"One person is trapped in a vehicle and fire services are at the scene to free the trapped person. Ambulance service is in attendance but the extent of the injuries are unknown at this stage."
The road is blocked after one car hit an island in the middle of the road.
There are extremely long delays.
Follow live updates on this breaking news story below:
(WTNH) – Connecticut Better Business Bureau urges consumers and businesses to begin digital spring cleaning to protect your personal and financial information from hackers.
According to the organization, recovering from identity theft can take a long time and be a costly ordeal. Connecticut Better Business Bureau spokesman Howard Schwartz says we can lose all of our files, even if our computers are clean of malware.
“Hard drives have a limited lifespan and can suddenly corrupt your files. A mechanical problem such as a crash may ruin your storage disk, and if you lose or drop your laptop or it is lost or stolen, all of your cherished photos, videos, emails and documents will be gone.”
BBB offers tips for digital spring cleaning:
Keep software up to date.
Back up your files by using storage drives
Secure smart devices by protected password.
Lock the “digital doors” with antivirus software.
This Saturday is Secure Your ID Day. Experts recommend a combination of upper and lower case letters, numerals and a symbol for a password.
Star Trek: Discovery has premiered and the new lead has already piqued our interest: Sonequa Martin-Green plays a woman named — Michael? Turns out this is something of a signature move by Discovery's producer Bryan Fuller, who has a habit of writing women characters with traditionally masculine names.
As someone who went out of their way to avoid all information about the show, it took me a while to realize that the "Michael" Captain Georgiou was referring to was indeed Martin-Green's character. Then my heart skipped a beat at the thought of the characters using gender-neutral pronouns and Michael Burnham being genderqueer or nonbinary.
Unfortunately, I was to be disappointed. Michael is consistently referred to in female pronouns, and while we aren't 100% sure of her own pronoun preferences, she appears to be comfortable with her identity being female. Martin-Green has already mentioned the possibilities her character's name could potentially explore, including genderfluidity. I am really on board with that, but why couldn't the show have opened with it?
Gender as a spectrum is still a concept much fail to grasp. It's akin to people's resistance to the spectrum of sexuality not many years ago. That struggle has not yet been fully won, sadly, and gender conversations still take a backseat today. Possible points on the spectrum include transgender, genderfluid, agender and many more, but how many of your favorite shows and films have addressed or explored this topic? Discovery has the potential to be one of the first, but so far, it seems Michael will not be the hero of the gender spectrum story.
Burnham is already an intriguing character, burdened with demons from the past and facing an uncertain future. In just three episodes, she's gone through one of Star Trek's more unusual arcs: faithful commander to hysterical mutineer to a fish out of water aboard the USS Discovery. She was an outsider at the Vulcan Science Academy, as she was the first human to attend. Later, aboard the Shenzhou, Burnham's human appearance clashes with her Vulcan behavior, setting her apart from the crew. Now, as the instigator of a devastating war between the Federation and the Klingons, Burnham is a criminal whose brilliant mind is being employed for unknown purposes by the mysterious, Machiavellian Captain Lorca (Jason Isaacs).
There is so much "othernes" to Burnham that I can almost forgive the creators for not adding another dimension to her. I love the fact that Martin-Green has said that her character inherited her father's name. Hence, by being female but owning this name, Burnham is already quashing the norm. Wouldn't it be even better then if she inherited this first name because Burnham is her mother's surname? Or, perhaps, Burnham is named after both her fathers! There are so many possibilities to subvert the audience's assumptions of gender norms — I can only hope the creators squeeze them in as if it's no big deal.
Most conversations about diversity in media focus on race and on the sexual orientation of the characters. You would think a franchise credited with inspiring our favorite technology would be ahead of the game when it came to inspiring societal change, as well. Unfortunately, we know how often the studio producers got in the way of positive change in #StarTrek shows.
In 1966, the original Star Trek pilot, "The Cage," cast Majel Barrett as the ship's first officer. That was swiftly changed in the new pilot, with Spock becoming Kirk's right hand. Later, fans were promised, by Trek creator Gene Roddenberry no less, that Star Trek: The Next Generation would include gay characters. Despite some homoerotic allusions, nothing concrete ever came to fruition. All signs point to Discovery being the first Trek show to finally include a gay character, a belated inclusion in the franchise after the fleeting glimpse we got of Sulu walking with his male partner and their daughter in Star Trek Beyond.
1st official CBS-sanctioned portrait of my @startrekcbs character Lt. Paul Stamets, with his somewhat-typical look of consternation. pic.twitter.com/D9rCvvMvMI — Anthony Rapp (@albinokid) September 6, 2017
The closest a Trek show ever got to studying gender identity was TNG's fifth season episode "The Outcast," which featured a genderless alien race called the J'naii — but any Trek fan can tell you that the execution of the episode's central concept missed the mark by a few lightyears.
Giving a female character a traditionally masculine name blurs the lines between genders. This is where the argument of making the character outside the gender binary comes in, and, more importantly, casting an actor outside the gender norm. There couldn't have been a better opportunity, or greater excuse, to increase inclusivity than enlisting a gender non-conforming actor for the role of Michael Burnham.
Gene Roddenberry had always pushed for change. His message of equality gave us entertainment's most groundbreaking moments and established the expansive landscape that most of Hollywood still struggles to adapt to, even today. The bridge of the Enterprise has always attempted to reflect the diversity we see in everyday life and every Trek show has continued to build on this foundation. The first two episodes of StarTrek: Discovery were stellar in their representation, not least because the Captain and Commander of the USS Shenzhou were both women of color. Curb your celebrations, however, because from Episode 3 we join the USS Discovery and the status quo of predominantly white male characters (and actors) is restored. That is not to say that the characters aren't compelling — they are, and I am looking forward to getting to know them better.
Georgiou and Burnham aboard the Klingon vessel in 'Star Trek Discovery' [Credit: CBS]
But, as intriguing as these characters are, it heightens the fact that Discovery has missed a few opportunities, especially in regards to Michael. There are genderqueer celebrities out there, like genderfluid Ruby Rose from Orange is the New Black, who certainly warrant a place in the 23rd century. The onus is on Hollywood to look beyond and explore this new frontier.
There has been a lot of talk surrounding the new television adaptation of Locke & Key, the comic series by Joe Hill and Gabriel Rodriguez. Despite being an Earth-bound story, the character of Dodge provides ample opportunity for the creators to break the mould. With Dodge's constant use of the gender-altering key, the character is both and either gender several times. The creators would do right by readers and viewers by setting a new precedent and casting a non-cisgendered actor in the role.
Dodge in 'Locke & Key' [Credit: IDW Publishing]
So far, Martin-Green has proven herself to be capable of carrying the show on her still-young shoulders. Not an easy task given that Discovery has already faced backlash from bigoted fanboys who never realized the series was about cultural understanding and diversity. I take nothing away from her performance, but this is 2017: audiences are calling for diversity to go beyond just skin deep. It is time to explore the gamut of human identity and a show like Star Trek couldn't be a better place to start.
Trek has been ready to expand the sexuality of its characters before, but the time is ripe for it to investigate the spectrum of gender, as well. Let us not forget, Burnham isn't the only character on Discovery. The show's creators could still explore all genders and more with other characters.
The doors are still open, however, (as Martin-Green has said so herself) to explore the genderfluidity of this character. Could this suggest there are other characters in the Discovery universe who are just as fluid? Perhaps Michael is the springboard from which we can possibly see characters (and more importantly, actors) who embody the spectrum of gender identity in future episodes. Even if it turns out that Michael is just a cisgender female human with an unusual masculine name, Discovery has accomplished what Star Trek has always done: started a conversation and expanded our minds, yet again.
Do you agree that Star Trek: Discovery should have boldly gone to explore the gender spectrum? Let me know in the comments, and check out the teaser for next week's episode:
(Source: CBS News, Huffington Post)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A decision is due next week on whether Bristol University can build a £300million campus next to Temple Meads station.
An extra 3,500 students, mostly postgraduates, would come to the city to study at the eight-acre city centre site, in a move the university says would “reimagine the role of a civic university in the 21st century”.
Dubbed the Temple Quarter Enterprise Campus (TQEC), the project forms part of plans to increase student numbers from 20,000 to 26,000 over the next 10 years.
Bristol University hopes to have spades in the ground by autumn 2019 and to open the campus for the 2021 academic year. Bosses estimate the new campus will need 800 members of staff, although it is currently unclear how many of these would be new jobs.
Planning chiefs at Bristol City Council have recommended councillors approve the blueprints when they go before committee on Wednesday, July 11.
Currently only ‘outline' plans have been submitted, with the fine detail - such as the ultimate appearance, layout and size of the project - to be decided later.
The early plans show two sites separated by the River Avon. The northern and much larger part is currently home to the former post office depot, the now-abandoned Cattle Market Tavern and and the former Wood Recycling Project. The southern part was used for a variety of different industrial uses but is now empty.
Architect's drawings reveal six buildings, ranging from seven storeys tall to a student digs building of 21 storeys. Altogether, 1,500 students are expected to live in four of the campus' buildings.
Historic England said the university agreed to bring down the height of the tallest building by four storeys to reduce its impact on the listed Temple Meads station.
A spokesman for Historic England said: “This is a meaningful alteration that could significantly reduce the visual impact of the building on Bristol's townscape.”
Artist's impressions of the site show Bristol's long-awaited arena pencilled in, however debate is still raging as to whether the entertainment venue will go to the city centre site, or will instead be built at Filton Airfield.
Architects Feilden Clegg Bradley Studios said the university planned to use the TQEC to focus on digital technology with an expansion of the schools of computer science, electrical and electronic engineering and engineering maths.
It will also allow for a larger school of economics while creating space for the recently-established Centre for Innovation and Entrepreneurship.
Planning consultants JLL said the university “envisages a step change in its history as it plans for the future”.
It adds: “The university has set out a vision that will reimagine the role of a civic university in the 21st century. This includes a rethink of the traditional university activities, providing a campus that plans for its spatial requirements for decades to come.
“The campus will encompass in the widest sense; innovation, enterprise (commercial and social) and engagement. The university aspires to a campus that is welcoming and inclusive, to create a porous campus that will be shared with local communities, visitors to the city and to business and industrial partners alike.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
University officials say the campus will be car-free and that they aim to make it carbon neutral by 2030.
The plans will go before Bristol City Council's planning committee on Wednesday.
In other news,
Harper scored 14 points for Auburn, making three 3-pointers in the first nine minutes. He said that assist total matched his personal best from high school, and it was one shy of the school record.
"I thought Jared Harper was fun to watch out there," Auburn coach Bruce Pearl said. "Had great command over his team. Got the ball to the hot hand."
Chuma Okeke hit a pair of 3s and had 12 points.
Jeff Roberson led the Commodores with a career-high 30 points and made 5 of 9 from beyond the arc. Roberson also had 10 rebounds and four assists. Riley LaChance scored 13.
Auburn raced to a 22-point lead in the first half after making 7 of 11 3-pointers. The Commodores got back into it with their own outside shooting. Roberson and LaChance punctuated a quick 11-0 run with back-to-back 3s, and Vandy cut it all the way to down to seven.
Okeke then scooped up a loose ball and hit a 3 with 2 seconds left to give Auburn a 45-35 halftime lead.
BIG PICTURE
Vanderbilt: The Commodores kept fighting back but still fell to 0-9 against Top 25 teams this season. They were coming off an 83-81 overtime loss to No. 21 Kentucky.
Auburn: The SEC-leading Tigers are now two games ahead of No. 18 Tennessee and three ahead of Florida and Kentucky, which both lost. The Tigers haven't held sole possession of first this late since winning the regular-season conference title in 1998-99 and have won five straight.
HOT SHOOTING
Both teams hit more than half their shots. Vandy was 28 of 53 (52.8 per cent) and made 10 of 19 3s. The Tigers made 32 of 57 shots (56.1 per cent).
"Obviously your game plan is, don't let them shoot 3s," Drew said. "But the problem is they're really, really fast and they have a really quick release."
UP NEXT
Vanderbilt hosts Georgia on Wednesday night and has three of the next four at home.
Auburn hosts Texas A&M, winless in SEC road games, on Wednesday night.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Zenor, The Associated Press
MANCHESTER, England — Jose Mourinho has criticized the atmosphere at "quiet" Old Trafford on Alexis Sanchez's home debut.
The Chile forward, who joined last month from Arsenal, netted the second goal in a 2-0 victory over Huddersfield in the English Premier League on Saturday.
Mourinho says "the atmosphere is a bit quiet and there is not very" much enthusiasm.
He wants United fans to emulate the atmosphere at former Premier League club Portsmouth, which is now in the third tier.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Got the kids on half-term holidays this week?
Trying to figure out the best way of making use of all the additional family time? We hear you!
Whether it's camping or picnics in the park, there are plenty of activities you can enjoy with little ones that cost next to nothing. Here are some ideas that we think they'll love – and some tips on how to really make the most of your half term.
Get close to nature
One really great way to engage with your kids for a couple of days is to go foraging and cooking in the wild.
Some things you can pick are perfectly safe - like apples, blackberries, certain plants and even some flowers. But for the main course you might want to bring along some supermarket staples!
Fire up this camping stove for a fantastic grill - just £8 (save £12) at Halfords. Mix up cooking things you've brought from home with bits you've sourced locally for a great combo. And don't forget to pack the Halfords Rainbow Plastic Plates which are just £3 (save £3) to dine out in style.
A long cycle ride
If you've got a couple of days then you could take everyone out for a long cycle ride, broken up by either nights in a hotel or camping. If you don't want to stay the night there are plenty of UK cycle routes – check Sustrans for those in your area – which you can drive to during the day. Check out Halfords' options for bike racks if you need to load your bikes onto a car – the Thule ProRide 59 1 is £85 (save £25), but also on buy one, get one half price - and don't forget, Halfords offers free fitting too.
If you have very little children then it's also worth considering an alternative way to transport them. Halfords has a range of bike seats for juniors as well as an amazing Double Buggy Bike Trailer for £110 (save £110, 50lbs weight limit per child, not for use with a child under 12 months old).
Little kids have an absolute blast being towed around, and you'll hear a lot of delighted giggles and yells when you're doing it. Make sure you also get bike helmets that fit securely for both you and your little ones. Halfords has a wide range to choose from and can help you to find the right fit.
And before heading off why not get a Free Bike Check from Halfords? You can either book online or just pop in to your local store for a 32-point check. Everything from the frame to the saddle and the wheels to the gears are given a thorough check by an in-store expert. Getting the check means you can relax, knowing your bike is in great shape for your trip.
Let the games begin
There are all sorts of major sporting events on this year, so why not hold some of your own competitions. You can then arrange lots of little events for your wannabe stars of tomorrow, from football and running to swimming and cycling.
If you're in need of a new bike for your young ones then consider the Apollo Gridlok kids mountain bike, which has been reduced by £31 and is now only £124. There is 20 per cent off a whole range of kids bikes too, so there's bound to be something that suits your little athletes.
If you were looking to get your little one on a bike this summer and they don't currently have one then take a look at the Halfords range. If the kids have bikes but you don't, perhaps it's time to take advantage of 20 per cent off a range of adult bikes – the Carrera Vengeance is now £264 (save £66).
Make exercise rewarding
If you've got older kids that can love nothing more than heading out on two wheels to explore with friends, then there are lots of options. Come up with a number of miles to cycle in a day, week or even month and get them a cycle computer from Halfords (starting at £8.50). You can fit it together then dispatch them on chores! For every mile you could reward them, either with extra pocket money or just their choice of movie to watch with you later.
If you have a suitable park nearby then you could arrange time trials. Who can go around the quickest?
You could even get them thinking by asking who can work out the shortest route from A to B. If you have a cycle computer then you can show who's right – winner gets bragging rights, or something more tangible.
Make sure you are Really Ready For Summer with Halfords. Visit www.halfords.com or go in-store for full details on all offers and services.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. – While a Kansas City firefighter was on duty, two men kicked in his front door and stole his belongings. It happened Saturday morning as two men broke in to the home while a camera was rolling. Police are still searching for those two, who they believe have been targeting other homes in the area.
It began with the ring of the doorbell, the Koehler family dog jumps on her seat to see who's there. With two kicks, the first suspect enters the home unaware a camera is watching his every move.
“It's terrifying.”
Homeowner Ryan Koehler is a Kansas City, Mo. firefighter and was on duty when his phone alerted him there was movement in his living room - his wife got the same text. Through an app, the two watched what was happening in real time.
“I was like, 'oh, it's just the dog walking around. That's when I saw them kick in the door. I literally just started shaking,” Kelsey Koehler said.
“Your heart sinks,” Ryan Koehler said.
The first suspect walked around before intently heading back to the bedrooms when the other suspect walks in. You can hear them talking about grabbing the TV and walking towards the living room to try and take it off the wall. After taking the TV and other electronics, the two were gone.
“It's nerve-wracking. Kind of makes you sick to your stomach. When my wife comes home she checks every door, looks under the bed makes sure no one's here.”
Other homes have been hit in their neighborhood. Police believe it could be the same suspects targeting the area. The couple has filed a police report but with no arrests have been made in the case.
To say they're feeling uneasy doesn't even begin to cover it. They say their dog is traumatized and now, with a baby on the way, they're having trouble feeling safe in their own home.
“It just makes you angry. It's karma. It's gonna catch up to you. Eventually you're gonna knock the door down, and somebody's gonna be waiting behind that door.”
× Judge refuses to reduce bond for suspect in deadly Ballpark Village shooting
ST. LOUIS – A judge has refused to reduce bond for the suspect charged in April's deadly shooting at Ballpark Village. Scotty Lee is accused of killing Corey Hall and injuring another person during an argument at a private party at the Budweiser Brew House.
Lee is charged with first-degree murder, armed criminal action, and assault.
Corey Hall was a father and a newlywed who was celebrating his birthday the night he was killed.
Hall's brother and his widow both spoke against reducing bond during today's hearing.
They called the incident a devastating tragedy for the whole family.
Gina Haspel Used To Work For Me. She's A Great Choice For CIA Director
Enlarge this image Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
Robert Baer (@RobertBaer) served as a CIA case officer mostly in the Middle East. He currently is an author and CNN contributor.
I supervised Gina Haspel when I worked at the Central Intelligence Agency. I found her to be smart, tough and effective. Foreign liaison services who have worked with her uniformly walked away impressed. Out of all of the chaos coming out of the White House these days, the one bit of promising news is the nomination of Haspel as the new CIA director.
Confessing to a certain bias, I hope Haspel's long tenure overseas will give the Trump administration an experienced, pragmatic view of the world it increasingly thinks it can do without. Locating, say, Kandahar, Afghanistan, on a map may sound like a low bar, but these days it's enough to qualify you as an expert.
Equally important, with all the rampant partisanship in Washington, D.C., Haspel's political neutrality and fact-based intellect will, I hope, put a brake on President Trump's worst impulses. Not having the time for conspiracy theories and alt-right drivel may be another low bar, but there you have it.
In the interest of the CIA Haspel is a fortunate choice because, for too long, the CIA has been run by amateurs and political operatives who spend their time figuring out how the agency works. With Haspel's 33 years in the CIA, both in the field and back at Langley, there's going to be no catch-up ball. Nor are the bureaucratic rank and file going to pull the wool over her eyes.
Another thing Haspel's nomination has going for it is that she gets along with Trump. I've worked under directors whom the president didn't trust, and even some who weren't welcome at the White House. Both cases were demoralizing for agency employees.
Secondly, Haspel also clearly gets along with Mike Pompeo. A good working relationship with the secretary of state is vital for the success of a CIA director.
With every silver cloud, of course, there's the inevitable lead lining. For Haspel, it's her involvement with the CIA rendition, detention and interrogation program. I do not know what Haspel truly thought or thinks about torture today, or even whether she, like me, believes it doesn't work. She will be asked these questions when she testifies before Congress. But what her critics and Congress must accept is that the CIA operates under American law. "Enhanced interrogations" were not a rogue CIA program.
What the far left and right can't absorb is that the CIA follows political direction from the White House and the Hill. But more to the point concerning enhanced interrogation, the CIA takes its legal guidance from the courts, the Department of Justice and Congress. Like the police, an individual CIA officer does not get to decide what is legal and what isn't, let alone come up with a personal interpretation of whether an interrogation violates the United Nations Convention against Torture or not.
Haspel was not the architect of the CIA's enhanced interrogations. This program was parachuted onto the CIA's Directorate of Operations, made all the more ambiguous because it occurred in the panic of the opening days of the "war on terror." Agreed, Haspel could have resigned and found an avenue of protest. But it seems to me that the real protesting should have been done in the halls of Congress and the Department of Justice. In any event, her experience in intelligence and ability to moderate the president's worst instincts outweigh these failures.
It very well may be too late, but my hope is that Haspel will talk Trump out of potential foreign policy disasters. And, trust me, the list is too long to cover it here. But let me start with what keeps me up at night.
Both Trump and his pick for secretary of state, Pompeo, have called for the Iran nuclear deal to be ripped up. They don't seem to understand that pulling out of that agreement, and confronting Iran militarily as some hawks propose, would more than likely lead to a war more catastrophic than our disastrous invasion of Iraq. Maybe Haspel will be able to convince the president that a general war in the Middle East would look more like the plague than a war.
Then there's Russia. With the attempt on the life of a former Russian intelligence officer in Britain and President Vladimir Putin's recent crowing about new missile technology, it is impossible not to grasp that we are in a new Cold War, which promises to make its predecessor look calm. I hope Haspel will overcome Trump's belief he can make a deal with Putin over a hamburger and a Coke.
As for the Gulf, Haspel knows the region well — and knows what a mare's nest of squabbling tribes and families it is. Taking sides with Saudi Arabia over Qatar is like — to put it in California street gang parlance — siding with the Crips over the Bloods. Letting the Trump family traipse through the Gulf making business deals with sheikhs will get this county into entanglements we'll never get out of.
Last, but not least, there's North Korea. A pre-emptive strike is the druthers of the alt-right, and especially former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton. If, as widely speculated, Bolton replaces current national security adviser H.R. McMaster, will Haspel be able to overcome Bolton's advice? I can only hope so.
It takes a rare CIA director who can sway a president who has already made up his own mind about foreign policy. I know this is all starting to sound Pollyanna-ish, but we should all hope Haspel becomes a Trump whisperer. Who knows, she may talk him out of going back down the path of enhanced interrogation.
"The city's staff recommended we tear it down and build a five-storey apartment building. We didn't want to do that," said Curran. "We tried to find balance; not trying to get maximum profit, just trying to get the right fit for the community."
The large, open area of 11 Brock St. | John Rennison , The Hamilton Spectator
A letter was circulated around the neighbourhood, detailing Curran's plans to rehabilitate the single-storey space.
"Some people were ecstatic because they saw it as an empty building that was an eyesore," he said. "We've tried to be respectful of our neighbours. I think we're doing something good for the micro-community."
The "open-concept" custom designed homes are ultra-modern and functional, ranging from about 1,300 to 1,800 square feet
"Each unit has its own personality," said Curran. "Each one has its own colours, details and materials."
They are all impressive; bright and spacious with "generous" windows, massive glass doors to access side and rear gardens, 12- to 14-foot ceilings accented by multiple skylights to allow natural light to cascade throughout each home. Exposed Douglas fir timber and massive posts are a striking composition as you walk past sprawling "gallery walls" meant to showcase art.
The front room of 11 Brock St. with a sliding door that opens onto the front yard. | John Rennison , The Hamilton Spectator
"The industrial windows, the glass blocks, the garage doors, the raw metal doors with (Brantford artist) Dave Hinds' fabulous painting finishes to it are all things we think fit the building," said Curran. "There's lots of exposed steel, the floors are all wood … All of them have French limestone and glass tiles and unusual plumbing fixtures and lighting you wouldn't see in a typical house."
Each unit also incorporates natural wood burning fireplaces with built-in concrete hearths, a touch Curran said was an essential detail.
"Fire in every unit, because fire and water are really important to me. We try to put them in every building we do."
The kitchens are roomy and practical with massive "floating style" custom millwork islands and wall cabinets. Natural stone countertops draw the eye towards the oversized pantries and storage drawers with built-in stacking laundry machines.
The largest unit, No. 11, has a few bonus features including a brick safe that has been converted into a wine cellar. A roll-up garage door opens to a front deck. A raw steel staircase with maple treads leads you to a small writer's loft that connects to a rooftop terrace. On the other side of the bathroom, an unexpected element — an outdoor shower with a fenced enclosure that can be used all year.
A main floor vault inside 11 Brock St. has been converted into a wine cellar. | John Rennison , The Hamilton Spectator
"These lemons you turn into lemonade are these ugly ducklings you turn into a neighbourhood landmark," said Curran. "We're trying to get people stimulated to think about the possibilities."
A realtor priced units No. 7 and No. 9 at $699.99, and unit No. 11 at $999.11 partly to be "funny," said Curran, but also to reflect the market value of the area.
"The mortgage rules are intended to take people on the entry level of the market, to be a little bit more responsible and sane in their purchases," said Curran. "We're not at entry level properties."
"What we're trying to do is raise the bar on architecture in town," he added. "I built these like I would live in any of them."
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea are chasing Robert Lewandowski after the striker announced he wants to leave Bayern Munich .
Poland international Lewandowski is under contract with the German giants until 2021, but he has recently hired Pini Zahavi – the agent who brokered Neymar's world-record transfer from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain last summer – to get him a move.
The Stamford Bridge club are looking to start their summer spending even before a deal is struck to bring in Maurizio Sarri as their new manager.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Bayern will look for more than £80m for the 29-year-old who has been top scorer in the Bundesliga in two of the last three seasons, with Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain also interested.
Super-agent Zahavi said: “Robert believes he needs a change and a new challenge in his career, Bavaria officials know it.
“Robert is not motivated by money or by a specific club. Because almost all the best clubs would like to have the best striker in the world.
“Everybody in the Bavaria leadership has had a great career. They must understand his situation.”
(Image: EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock)
Alvaro Morata largely flattered to deceive in his debut season at the Blues after a club-record £60m move from Real Madrid, and the former Juventus striker is keen to return to Italy.
Chelsea have also been linked with Inter Milan frontman Mauro Icardi and Sarri's former Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain as negotiations over the 59-year-old drag on.
The £7m buyout clause in his contract expires on Thursday, and the Italians have already appointed ex-Blues boss Carlo Ancelotti as his successor.
(Image: Reuters)
But club president Aurelio di Laurentiis is so annoyed with Sarri, who is expected to replace countryman Antonio Conte in the Blues' hotseat, seeking other jobs that he is threatening to hold him to the final two years of his £1.2m-a-year contract anyway.
Napoli's Belgium international forward Dries Mertens said: “Sarri is a world-class coach and he'll prove it. All those he trained have made an important step forward in terms of quality and I am convinced he'll find a great team where he can prove just how good he is.
"I hope he quickly finds a new club.”
Three police officers were wounded in South Elgin Tuesday night and the man who police said fired the shots has died, police said.South Elgin police said officers responded to a call of shots fired in the 300-block of Woodridge Circle at about 10:50 p.m. When officers arrived, a man with a shotgun fired at least two rounds at officers.Three officers were shot and a fourth officer was injured. The officers are expected to recover.The entire area was blocked off for hours overnight and the residents in the building were evacuated because the man holed himself inside an apartment with a shotgun and rifle with a scope. SWAT team members were trying to negotiate with him."After about four hours of total negotiation, the individual opened fire on the officers and they returned fire, striking him and he is deceased," said South Elgin Police Sergeant Mike Doty.Eleven different police agencies responded to the incident. It is not known which department the injured officers belong to.No one else was hurt. Authorities have not released the identity of the gunman.
SAN FRANCISCO — Apple is making more money than ever, but it still doesn't seem to be enough to keep everyone happy. Not with conspiracy theories swirling around Apple's secret slowdown of older iPhones while a cloud of uncertainty looms over its high-priced iPhone X.
It's a reality check for a company accustomed to an unflinchingly loyal customer base. Apple expected buyers to embrace the iPhone X as a revolutionary device worth its $1,000 price, but it's still not clear how many people are willing to ante up, especially with other recently released models selling for $200 to $300 less.
The first clues about consumers' interest in the iPhone X emerged Thursday with the release of Apple's fiscal first-quarter earnings report. That period covered the final three months of last year, including the early November debut of the iPhone X.
Apple sold 77.3 million iPhones in the quarter, about one million fewer than at the same time in the previous year, which included an additional week because of quirk in the calendar. Despite the smaller window of time, analysts had predicted Apple would sell 80 million iPhones in the past quarter, according to FactSet.
What's more, consumers disillusioned with the slowdown of their devices may be even less inclined to upgrade in the months ahead.
Apple attributed the slowdown to its effort to prevent unexpected crashes caused by aging batteries, and it's now offering to replace those batteries for just $29. That $50 discount is available as part of Apple's apology for not being more forthcoming about what it did.
"Once you get past all the enthusiasts who want the iPhone X, you get down to a lot of people who think $1,000 is a lot of money for a phone," said analyst Bob O'Donnell of the research firm Technalysis. "We may be getting near the peak of the smartphone market, and that impacts everyone, including Apple."
Apple CEO Tim Cook told a different story, describing it as its top-selling model in every week since its release in early November.
"We feel fantastic about the results," Cook said in a conference call with analysts. "The most important thing for us isn't really the numbers. It's customer satisfaction and customer satisfaction is literally off the charts on iPhone X."
But Apple's revenue forecast for the current quarter fell below analysts' already diminished expectations, fuelling fears that early appetite for the iPhone X has quickly faded.
Saudi Crown Prince Begins Trip Across America Looking For Investors As Saudi crown prince, Mohammad Bin Salman travels across America he will have one major hurdle: Americans don't like his country very much. His itinerary looks like a public relations campaign to reset U.S. public opinion.
These tech stocks soared in 2017.
Getty Images
U.S. equities markets have been tepid this year, barely able to dig themselves out of a narrow trading range. After a nice climb in early May, the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones are in free fall once again as geopolitical turmoil in Europe roils the markets.
Not even dividend-paying stocks, which have become popular with investors in recent years, offer much reprieve. Treasury yields have been on a tear in recent months, with even the lower-yielding 2-year Treasury overtaking the S&P 500 average dividend yield for the first time in a decade. The 10-year Treasury currently yields 3.01% vs. 1.86% average dividend yield by the S&P 500.
The 10-year Treasury currently yields 3.01% vs. 1.86% average dividend yield by the S&P 500.
Financial Times
Given such a backdrop, it's easy for equities investors to start drooling at fixed-income assets such as Treasuries notes and bonds.
That seems like a no-brainer, but that's only part of the narrative.
Why buying both stocks and bonds makes sense
Investors are often advised to follow the 60/40 rule — i.e. have 60% of your portfolio in stocks and 40% in bonds. That's because stocks offer better opportunities for capital growth while bonds offer a steady source of income and a measure of downside protection against stock market sell-offs.
It's easy, however, for investors to simply look at yields but ignore bond prices. Rising interest rates have been depressing bond prices. The iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (TLT), an ETF that tracks long-term Treasury notes, is down nearly 4% in the year-to-date. Depending on how quickly interest rates climb, an investor could end up losing a large amount of his or her principal when the bonds eventually mature.
Another note of caution, too: Although bonds are flashing considerably higher yields than equities, bond yields are still far lower than their pre-financial levels.
Although bonds are flashing considerably higher yields than equities, bond yields are still far lower than their pre-financial levels.
Bloomberg
The differential between bonds and equities is still quite small compared to historical levels, thus making sense to still own stocks.
In fact, it would be a bad idea for long-term investors, savings minded individuals, pension funds and college endowment funds to completely offload their stocks and buy Treasuries.
There's a fair chance that bond yields will continue to rise further and/or stocks will fall. It makes sense to trim your exposure to equities when that happens.
Morgan Stanley thinks stocks still have some gas left in the tank and can mount a rally before peaking during the second half of the year with a series or rolling tops (read: lots of volatility) expected during the year.
Only 2% of fund managers expect a recession to kick in the current year, with 84% predicting a downturn in 2020.
For very long-term equities investors, the outlook is good. Tom Lee of Fundstrat Advisors expects the bull run to continue for another decade till 2029.
The long and short of it: It doesn't make a lot of sense to sell your stocks and buy bonds right now, though it might in the future.
Avoid junk bonds
For those who need to load up on bonds, not everything goes in this space. It's better to stick to lower-yielding but safer investment-grade bonds instead of buying junk bonds for their high yields.
In fact, Moody's recently fired a warning against buying junk bonds saying that the risk of default is too high.
In this market starved of decent yields, investors have understandably been piling in on speculative high-risk bonds. This is a worrying trend given that company debt has also been surging. If you must buy junk bonds, limit your exposure.
Safehaven.com is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
More top reads from Safehaven.com:
Bitcoin Fights Back After Hitting Monthly Low
The Newest Innovation In Electric Vehicles
A New Political Crisis Threatens The Eurozone
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The US exit from the Paris Agreement has been greeted with howls of protest. The remaining signatories have registered their righteous indignation and vowed to press on. Unwittingly, they may have vindicated President Donald Trump's stand.
A reduced level of greenhouse gases falls under the category of a “global public good”, as the stock of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere affects everyone equally and without exception. The US is the largest contributor to cumulative emissions since the beginning of the industrial revolution but China is second in terms of current annual contribution, with 14% of annual emissions.
The Paris Agreement, a successor to the Kyoto Protocol, aims to cap the increase in global temperatures over pre-industrial levels at 2 degrees Celsius. It operates through a set of intended nationally determined contributions. These reductions in emissions are self-selected and are not binding in the sense that non-compliance is not subject to any sanctions.
Cooperative game theory provides a useful lens into the stability of treaties like the Paris Agreement. A treaty is said to be stable if it is not possible for any country or set of countries to break away and get a higher pay-off than the one they get by staying within the treaty. The pay-offs of the countries under a stable treaty are said to be part of the “core” of the game.
In order to assess whether breaking away makes sense for a country or a group of countries, it is necessary to estimate how the remaining countries would behave after a rupture is effected. The view adopted by game theorists Parkash Chander and Henry Tulkens in a series of papers starting in 1997 is that the remaining countries will break apart, i.e. the resulting situation would consist of the breakaway coalition and a set of singletons that would act to maximize their self-interest. This assumption stacks the odds against any rupture as countries breaking away must contemplate a future in which global emissions will remain at unsustainable levels. Chander and Tulkens show that with this definition an efficient level of emissions through a treaty comprising all countries is part of the core.
However, this is not how the current episode in the Paris Agreement appears to be playing out. China and India, the first, and fourth largest polluters in the world, respectively, had played the role of spoilers in the Kyoto Protocol. But, today, they have become the biggest sponsors of a global treaty along with the European Union. China is keen to assert its global leadership and has been making significant investment in developing solar technology. India is the world's third biggest market for solar power.
In this situation, when it appears that major countries will help the agreement survive, the US exit can be seen as good economics and a canny appreciation of the dynamics of other major emitters. It enables the US to enjoy the benefits of emissions reductions made by others without bearing the cost, although it remains to be seen how the decisions of US states and municipalities to abide by aggressive reduction targets mitigate the impact of Trump's decision.
But a climate deal is not about negative externalities due to greenhouse gases alone. The world is at the cusp of an irreversible technological shift from fossil fuels to renewable sources of energy. Staying engaged would have allowed the US to steer the direction of green technologies towards its own spheres of comparative advantage, reserve markets within the US for its technology companies to allow them to create economies of scale, and open up world markets for its green technology products. It is possible the US could miss out on some of the $1.4 trillion global business opportunity that the global low-carbon economy represents. More importantly, it could lose its position as the leader of the liberal world order.
In any case, it could be too early to call the US attempt to act as a free rider on the climate deal a success. As thinkers from Robert Aumann to Elinor Ostrom have emphasized, a critical factor for the success of any treaty is the presence of sanctions for non-compliance. One of the causes of the success of the 1989 Montreal Protocol to curb the depletion of the ozone layer was that it specified punitive actions against defaulters.
The Paris Agreement, too, will only survive if the remaining signatories are able to make the US pay some price for its exit. The obvious measure of increasing taxes on the export of crude oil to the US is unlikely in the present geopolitical scenario. Restrictions in the sphere of trade and technology cooperation could be explored but may have limited effectiveness vis-à-vis a protectionist Trump administration. Hence, the next few years could well see a watering down of the climate deal with fossil fuel exporters like Russia and the Middle East reverting to lip service.
The Paris Agreement was consciously made flexible to bring all countries on board and to keep them in the fold even if their priorities changed. The Trump administration could have remained party to the agreement while still pursuing its policy goals. The decision to make a visible and very public break reflects Trump's proclivity to adopt sharp policy positions, his preference for hard military power over soft power, and his desire to compensate for the botched exit from Obamacare.
Or perhaps, we are witnessing “a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing” except the desperate determination to keep a presidency alive, despite the gathering signs of a global catastrophe.
Rohit Prasad is a professor at MDI, Gurgaon, and author of Blood Red River. Game Sutra is a fortnightly column based on game theory.
World War II Vet Donald Malarkey, Portrayed In 'Band Of Brothers' Dies At 96 Donald Malarkey fought through Europe during World War II as a member of the famed U.S. Army Easy Company. He spent 172 days on the front lines, more than any other member of E-Company.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pedestrianisation, one-way systems and wider pavements could soon be implemented in Easton as part of a new safety project.
Led by the community, the Easton Safer Streets programme has come up with a final set of proposals for making the area less risky to walk around in.
The measures include banning cars from All Hallows Road, building speed cushions on York Road and introducing one-way systems for Freeland Buildings, Greenbank Avenue West, the High Street, Coombe Road and Villiers Road.
The authority has reversed initial plans to make Chelsea Road one-way southbound.
Bristol City Council will now start the traffic regulation order process ahead of a formal public consultation which will be held next year.
If approved, the order will give the council permission to implement the changes.
Cabinet member for transport Mhairi Threlfall said: “I'm pleased that, after considerable discussion with local councillors and the Easton community, we are moving forward with this project.
“We're confident it will make a positive difference to walking and cycling movements through the area, making it much safer and more desirable to travel within.
“We've listened to the local people and businesses in order to develop the most suitable scheme for Easton.”
Ms Threlfall said the council had tried to consider all road users while drafting its improvement plan.
“We have to balance out the needs of all road users if we are going to improve the flow of people in our busy and successful city,” she added. “That means we have made changes to the original proposals in response to informal consultation and made the most of the available funding we have for improvements.
“These will then go out to formal consultation in the spring, when residents can have their say on the final plans.”
The £500,000 scheme is part-funded by the council and a government grant.
Key features of the proposed scheme include:
• Speed cushions on York Road to slow vehicle speeds
• One-way systems to reduce vehicular conflict at 'pinch points' on Freeland Buildings, Greenbank Avenue West, High Street, Coombe Road and Villiers Road.
• Pedestrianisation of All Hallows Road, alongside a 'speed table' at the Albion Road junction.
• Footway widening and crossing improvements at the Bellevue Road/Washington Avenue, Bellevue/Greenbank Road, Alpine Road/Devon Road and Rosemary Lane/Robertson Road junctions.
• Roughly 5m of double yellow lines around street corners to improve visibility at junctions.
The head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, has proposed a new rule that restricts scientific research that can be used by the agency for its regulatory decisions.
The proposed rule only allows the use of studies that make all data publicly available for anyone to analyze. Pruitt proposed the new rule as a way to make the agency's decision-making more "transparent, objective and measurable."
"The American people ought to be able to have confidence, assurance, that the findings, the record that we build ... can be assessed, it can be evaluated, it can be analyzed," Pruitt said.
The Heartland Institute, a conservative think-tank, has commended Pruitt on the rule. "For decades, the EPA has improperly claimed massive power to regulate nearly every aspect of our economy and lives. It is long overdue that the EPA should make such data and collection methods available for public review and analysis," Tim Heulskamp, the think tank's president said in a statement.
But several scientific organizations have expressed concerns. "Our concern with this is they are quite literally limiting the best available science that can be used by the EPA," says Sean Gallagher, the senior government relations officer for the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
The EPA's regulatory decisions are often based on epidemiological studies looking at the potential health effects of pollutants, like pesticides and particulate matter. "Those studies involve people like you and me, signing confidentiality agreements that the scientists doing the studies won't reveal my personal health information, like my vital statistics, or my death certificate, if I die during the course of the study," says Gallagher. "This is the kind of science that the EPA relies on, whether it looks at chemicals or particulates and their mortality or health effects. It involves private data."
And this private data can't be made public, he says. And so, it limits the studies available to the agency for any decision-making, he adds.
"It would not help make the science any more transparent," says Andrew Rosenberg, of the Union of Concerned Scientists, an advocacy group representing scientists.
When he proposed the new rule, Pruitt talked about a "replication crisis," referring to scientific studies that can't be reproduced. But that crisis applies more to the field of clinical trials, says Rosenberg, where new drugs are being tested for their efficacy.
"That's very different from what the EPA does," he adds. The agency often relies on studies that involve long-term surveys of exposure to certain environmental pollutants and associated health effects. "What are you supposed to do? Go back in time in five years and redo the survey? That's really a false flag."
The new rule would only restrict the science used by the agency and limit the agency's ability to protect public health, he says. It could affect the agency's ability to protect the public from everything from air and water pollutants to household products.
"The scientific process is [already] incredibly transparent," says Gallagher. "It's evidence-based, it follows the facts where they go. It tries to root out bias."
"The agency should be able to use all good, peer reviewed, scrutinized studies," he adds. "It shouldn't be limiting the science."
APPOMATTOX COUNTY, Va. - Appomattox County deputies are investigating a crash on Route 460 that sent one person to the hospital.
A car was headed west when it started slowing down. A truck rear-ended the car, causing it to run off the side of the road and flip.
Expect westbound delays and lane closures near Little Dogwood Road.
The driver of the car had to be taken to Lynchburg General Hospital. It's not known at this time how badly they were hurt.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Grant Williams and Lamonte' Turner scored 17 points each to lead five Tennessee players in double figures Saturday night as the 18th-ranked Volunteers trounced Mississippi 94-61 for their fifth straight victory.
The blowout enabled Tennessee (17-5, 7-3 SEC) to move into sole possession of second place in the Southeastern Conference. The Vols began the day in a three-way tie for second with No. 21 Kentucky and No. 23 Florida, which both lost Saturday.
Tennessee has won eight of its last nine games while Ole Miss (11-12, 4-6) has dropped five of its last six.
With eight games remaining in the regular season, Tennessee already has exceeded its 2016-17 win total. The Vols finished 16-16 last year.
Admiral Schofield had 15 points and 12 rebounds for Tennessee. Kyle Alexander scored 14 points and Jordan Bowden added 10 for the Vols.
In the second half, Tennessee scored 59 points while shooting 71.4 per cent overall (20 of 28) and from 3-point range (10 of 14). Tennessee had 17 assists and just one turnover in the second half.
Bruce Stevens scored 16 points and Terence Davis added 13 for Ole Miss.
Ole Miss shuffled its lineup for this game, with 7-footer Dominik Olejniczak making his first start since Jan. 16 and forward Justas Furmanavicius starting for the first time since Dec. 31
The changes didn't make much of a difference, as Ole Miss missed 10 of its first 11 shots and scored just three points in the first 5 1/2 minutes of the game.
After trailing 35-25 at halftime, Ole Miss cut Tennessee's lead to 35-32 by scoring the first seven points of the second half on a pair of putbacks by Stevens and Terence Davis' 3-pointer, but Tennessee answered with a 9-0 run and stayed comfortably ahead the rest of the way.
Brother Of Florida Shooter Arrested For Trespassing At Stoneman Douglas High
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
The brother of the suspect in the killings of 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., was arrested Monday for trespassing at the same site.
According to a police report quoted by the Miami Herald, "Defendant Cruz stated that he unlawfully entered the school property to 'reflect on the shooting and to soak it in ..."
Zachary Cruz, 18, had been warned to stay away from the campus, the Herald reported. The police report said that Cruz was spotted on campus at about 4:30 p.m. after the school day was over and students had been dismissed.
"Defendant Cruz surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride his skateboard through school grounds," a deputy wrote in his arrest report.
Zachary Cruz's arrest comes just about a month after his brother, Nikolas Cruz, 19, allegedly shot and killed 14 students and 3 staff members at the Parkland school. Nikolas Cruz could face the death penalty.
The Sun Sentinel reports that Zachary has been living with a family friend since his mother, Lynda Cruz, died in November 2017.
The Sun Sentinel added that Zachary had admitted to Palm Beach County Sheriff's deputies that he and his friends had bullied his brother, Nikolas, when they were younger.
Santa Ana (Calif.) Mater Dei safety William Nimmo Jr. took a pair of visits last Saturday, visiting Oregon State early in the day before heading to Oregon.Since Nimmo Jr. didn't have a lot of time ...
Kitchener — Long time Kitchener Rangers trainer Dan Lebold has been added to Canada's staff for the upcoming world junior hockey championships.
He'll join head coach Tim Hunter's crew for the tournament, which runs in Vancouver and Victoria this December.
This will be Lebold's fourth appearance for Canada at the world juniors. He was part of the gold medal winning bench in 1997 and claimed silver with the Canucks in 2010 and 2011.
The former world 400m record holder Michael Johnson has urged the British public not to get carried away with Britain's late haul of medals at the world championships – and says he is concerned that athletics is not doing enough to justify its £27m (€29.7m) investment from UK Sport.
The British team won five medals in 24 hours on the final Saturday and Sunday night, four of them in the relays, to ensure they finished with six overall. That also meant they scraped inside the UK Sport target of six to eight, and ended up in sixth place overall in the medal table.
However Johnson, who is a BBC pundit, urged the public not to be fooled given that Mo Farah was the only individual medal winner and the relays in track and field are widely considered to be low-hanging fruit. He tweeted: “Four thrilling relay medals. Only one individual medalist, Mo Farah. He's retiring. £27m investment. I'd be concerned.”
He added: “I'm not comparing GB to US, but to countries like South Africa, Poland, and France who don't have nearly the resources of GB.”
Daley Thompson, the former British decathlete, also sounded a cautionary note, warning: “I hope we don't allow the magnificent relays results to paper over the cracks.”
Concerns
Thompson did not elaborate, but many inside the sport are critical about the lack of funding for coaches outside the system as well as British Athletics' policy of taking athletes from coaches and bringing them to a central hub in Loughborough. There are also concerns about whether those at the of the top of British Athletics, and especially the chief executive, Niels de Vos, are doing well enough when it comes to selling the sport to the public and sponsors.
However, the performance director, Neil Black, has dismissed suggestions that his team got out of jail in London – and has insisted the relay medals were not cheap successes. “If you could see and feel the blood, sweat and tears that go into the relays, they are certainly not cheap medals,” he said. “We don't look at it that way at all.
“We have made a massive investment in the relay programme and boldly said we believe we can win medals in all four relays. We probably didn't think it was going to happen as quickly as this. But we are not surprised.”
However, Black did admit he had been worried on Saturday night when his team had only one medal and the knives were being sharpened for his job. “I was aware that people would be saying all sorts of things,” he said. “That's cool. Say what you want. Do what you want. We'll carry on performing and that's where the motivation comes from.
“But we were massively confident. The relays have come up trumps, Mo came up trumps. And we can all see a group of young people who have gone so close and are ready to step up in the future.”
Outrageous performance
Black mentioned Kyle Langford, who came fourth in the 800m, Reece Prescod, who was seventh in the 100m final, and Dina Asher-Smith, who won a relay medal two months after returning from breaking her foot. “Dina excited the hell out of me,” he added. “That was just an outrageous performance all things considered. Kyle has untapped potential - he's like Mo. Reece has so much potential it's unbelievable. Callum Hawkins excites me as well. That guy was so close.”
Black does not set medal targets but said the plan for Doha in 2019 was to do better than in London. “The plan is progress these athletes,” he said. “We expect more individual medals and more relay medals.”
Guardian Service
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-San Jose St.-Oregon St. Box
NO. 19 OREGON ST. 110, SAN JOSE ST. 62
SAN JOSE ST. (2-7)
Gennett 1-9 0-0 3, Wilson 0-6 0-0 0, Benally 1-8 0-0 3, Ladd 5-11 7-7 19, Turney 7-15 2-2 16, Ezeonu 2-2 1-2 5, Lewis 0-4 0-0 0, Harris 1-3 0-0 2, Anderson 0-2 0-0 0, Hafoka 4-9 0-0 11, Hill 0-0 0-0 0, Marquez 1-6 0-0 3, Totals 22-75 10-11 62.
OREGON ST. (6-2)
Gulich 9-13 4-7 22, McWilliams 4-6 0-0 10, Pivec 2-4 1-2 6, Tudor 5-13 1-2 15, Washington 1-2 0-0 2, Corosdale 6-9 0-0 13, Thropay 2-2 0-0 4, Grymek 5-7 0-0 10, Goodman 4-6 0-0 9, Kalmer 8-10 0-0 19, Totals 46-72 6-11 110.
San Jose St. 13 20 15 14 —62 Oregon St. 36 25 24 25 —110
3-Point Goals_San Jose St. 8-22 (Gennett 1-4, Benally 1-6, Ladd 2-4, Anderson 0-1, Hafoka 3-4, Marquez 1-3), Oregon St. 12-23 (McWilliams 2-4, Pivec 1-2, Tudor 4-10, Corosdale 1-1, Goodman 1-2, Kalmer 3-4). Assists_San Jose St. 8 (Benally 3), Oregon St. 31 (Pivec 10). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_San Jose St. 27 (Turney 5), Oregon St. 54 (Gulich 11). Total Fouls_San Jose St. 9, Oregon St. 10. A_3,198.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kyle Bennett became Rovers' third and final January signing earlier this week, although his arrival wasn't formally announced until the morning of February 1.
But Bennett was a player Darrell Clarke has been pursuing for some time, and the Rovers boss was clearly delighted he finally landed his man after a deal was struck and Bennett was released from his Rovers contract.
The 27-year-old had been out of favour at Pompey in recent months, but the reaction of their fans on Wednesday evening told Gasheads they may just have a serious player on their hands.
They can now look forward to potentially seeing him make his Rovers bow this weekend as Shrewsbury Town visit the Memorial Stadium.
By that time Bennett will have enjoyed two training sessions with his new teammates, but when we spoke to the winger he has just finished his first ever session as a Rovers man.
"It was really good, you get a bit of banter off the boys," beams the diminutive winger.
"That's good on your first day to try and integrate you into the team, it's nice for them to bring you in as one of the lads.
Bennett comes with a good reputation, and many Pompey watchers can tell you he is unplayable on his day.
The Wolves academy product is recognisable on the pitch for his distinctive hair, which has skull beads tying together short dreadlocks during our conversation.
When asked about potentially being seen as a replacement for former Rovers attacker Billy Bodin, Bennett is upbeat and willing to admit it's a daunting challenge.
"Every player brings different attributes," he says.
"Billy Bodin has gone on to the Championship, it's well deserved and he's a great player.
"It's big boots to fill if that's what I'm going to do, so no pressure!" jokes Bennett.
The comparisons with Bodin are obvious - a winger happy to beat players but with a happy knack of finding the net and providing assists.
"That's probably the biggest part of my game [assists]," says Bennett.
"I bet I'll let myself down now, won't I?," he laughs.
"It's probably one of my biggest strengths. I'd like to get a few more goals though if possible.
"It has been a bit of a gripe of mine for quite a few seasons now. I haven't hit double figures in a season yet, that's my aim, obviously probably not this season, but next season."
A recurring theme when new players have joined Rovers this season has been the role Darrell Clarke has played in convincing them to join the side. It is an obvious point for the manager to be integral to a player signing, but it feels as though Clarke is able to convince players of his project with ease.
"The manager and his ambition convinced me, he speaks well," says Bennnett.
"He reiterated to me about the team and the lads, it all adds up to coming here, I think it's a great move."
However, Bennett did admit he also got a heads-up from a friend already at the club.
"I know Ellis - he's like my son, I'm a mentor to him," Bennett teases.
"It's nice to come into a club where you know a few faces, it can be quiet daunting to coming into a new team. When they get me up singing in front of the lads too, that'll be great fun.
"I was in contact with Ellis from the off. He was encouraging me to come and gave me a feel for the place before I even arrived.
"He just told me it was really bad! Haha, only joking. He said it was a really good group of lads and a really good area too.
"That's really important because I've got a young family.
"I know it's a nice City because my brother [Elliott] was on loan at Bristol City a few years ago, he loved the city so he told me about it as well.
"It's a crucial part, it's not just about me now, I've got two young children and a wife, so I've got to get it right for them.
The move to bring Bennett to Rovers has been in the works for a number of weeks and Bennett revealed he has been in contact with Clarke for some time.
"I spoke with Darrell three weeks ago about potentially coming," he says.
"It's been in the pipeline for a while, but didn't quite happen then. There were a few bits missing on the Pompey end, and we managed to sort that out and he [Clarke] was really keen to get me in."
Bennett joins with the Gas on a six-match unbeaten run and reveals that Clarke has told him the side can still reach the play-offs.
"I had a brief chat with the manager as I was signing and I asked him about what he thought for this season, and honestly, he genuinely believes we can make the play-offs.
"Which is great, hopefully all the lads are thinking the same, because we're on a good run at the minute so let's keep that going. "
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Great American Eclipse is just days away and there are more warnings from optometrists about looking directly from the sun.
Doing so could seriously damage your eyes.
Fox 2's Patrick Clark explains what you need to be aware of before you look up.
An eye-opening alert for eclipse viewing.
Jay Pepose, Director of the Pepose Vision Institute says, “Just a few seconds can burn the retina and you can have permanent damage. In other words, you can have blind spots permanently affecting your central vision or color vision.”
Experts in eye care are weighing in on the biggest sight to hit the area since the year 1442.
Dr. Jay Pepose recommends ISO certified solar glasses to safely view the sun before totality.
“The intensity of the sun is magnified by your cornea and lens. So just like you might take a handheld magnifying device and aim it at a leaf. The leaf would start to catch on fire and you`d burn a hole in a leaf. The same thing could happen with your retina.”
The time before totality and after totality is when eye doctors agree is most crucial to have your solar eclipse glasses on, especially if looking up.
“I am worried in that I want to make sure that people get this message. If you don`t enjoy this phenomenon safely I worry that we will see people that suffer this kind of damage to their eyes.” Aid, Kumar Rao, Professor Ophthalmology at Washington University School of Medicine.
Retina specialist and ophthalmologist Kumar Rau, is encouraging parents to keep an eye on children.
“It can be hard to know at the time that you`ve damaged your eyes. Because you know when you have a bright flash come in and you have the after effect. The problem is with this event, if you look long enough at that bright sunlight...that after effect lasts forever.”
And that`s not the memory you want to make of a once in a lifetime event.
The driver of a stolen utility which was rammed into a police car in Victoria is still on the run.
The driver of a stolen utility which was rammed into a police car in Victoria is still on the run.
A driver who used a stolen ute to ram an occupied police car before driving through paddocks, a residential property and a number of fences remains on the run in regional Victoria.
The ramming happened on Monday afternoon in West Bendigo as officers tried to intercept the South Australian registered 2013 white four-door Toyota Hilux, which was stolen from a house in nearby Maiden Gully the day before, police say.
No police officers were injured in the incident and the ute was later found dumped at Longlea with detectives continuing to search for the driver.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Corrie fans have been waiting for the moment that Angie Appleton realises her husband, Jude, is not actually a marine biologist.
The shop worker has been lying to his wife for a long while, and it looks as though his lies are finally going to be revealed.
But Angie has to find solace somewhere, and it looks like it could be in the arms of the handsome Adam Barlow.
Jude has relied on his mum, Mary Taylor, to solve his problems but it all kicks off when Angie turns up to his workplace and wants to meet the "fellow marine biologists" who he says have been bullying him at work.
(Image: ITV)
Little does she know that Jude is actually working in the gift shop, so he sets off the fire alarm to buy some time and tells Angie they've already agreed to come for dinner, so there's no need to confront them.
Mary, in a bid to save her son's embarrassment, hires actors to post as the workmates at the dinner party but everything goes wrong, as would be expected.
Angie uncovers all the lies, so storms out to the solicitor's office to calm down, where she gets a little cosy with Adam.
(Image: ITV)
She pours her heart out to him and Adam pours her a few whiskies, so could they end up having an alcohol fuelled romance?
Finally, Jude's fire alarm stunt ends up leading to him getting the sack - so he has no job to lie about!
Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays from 7.30pm on ITV.
The Challenges of Omnichannel and How Retailers Might Solve Them
Customers are among the biggest challenge for retailers aiming to maximize their omnichannel potential.
The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets.
A protester holds a photo of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and a representation of the globe covered in oil during a protest against the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion in Vancouver, B.C., on Tuesday May 29, 2018. The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said Tuesday as he unveiled the government's long-awaited, big-budget strategy to save the plan to expand the oilsands pipeline. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck
Outrage over the federal government's announcement about buying the Trans Mountain pipeline to ensure it gets built could fuel unprecedented protests, says a prominent environmentalist who was at the forefront of British Columbia's so-called War in the Woods in the 1990s.
Tzeporah Berman said the fight against the pipeline expansion is even bigger than those over logging in Clayoquot Sound.
Canadians are angry the government is shelling out $4.5 billion to purchase the Trans Mountain pipeline rather than investing in clean energy after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's climate-change promises during the 2015 election and his later commitment to the Paris climate accord, she said.
“My experience is that people are motivated by betrayal, they're motivated by a lack of fairness, they're motivated by a sense of shared common purpose and outrage. In this case we have all of that,” said Berman, who was cleared of aiding and abetting protesters at the Clayoquot blockade and is now an adjunct professor of environmental studies at York University in Toronto.
Berman said the Liberal government “made a very big mistake” by backing Kinder Morgan's project and alienating voters to create “a perfect storm” that would prompt people to take action.
“I think a lot of us who knocked on doors for the Trudeau government really believed them when they said they were going to bring evidence-based analysis and science and democratic process back to pipeline reviews.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: The economics of oil
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: Is it worth the risk?
Berman is a director of Stand.earth, one of the groups that organized an anti-pipeline protest in Vancouver on Tuesday after Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the government's plans for the pipeline between Edmonton and Burnaby, B.C. Another protest is planned in Victoria on Thursday.
“My expectation is that the outrage is going to grow and we're not just going it see it here in British Columbia but we're going to see it nationally and internationally,” she said, adding social media makes it possible for activists to connect in ways that didn't exist at the height of anti-logging protests in 1993.
“We didn't have email, we didn't have cellphones. It was a remote location that took most people five to seven hours to get through. This is a pipeline project that runs through urban centres,” she said of Trans Mountain.
Khelsilem, a Squamish Nation council member who goes by his first name, said the federal government's decision to pursue completion of the pipeline expansion threatens Indigenous communities if there was a spill of bitumen from increased tanker traffic in B.C. waters.
“Trudeau had promised during the election that he would create a new environmental process that would protect Indigenous rights and that the Kinder Morgan project would be included and sent back to be done through the new process, and on both those counts he's failed completely,” he said.
Along with multiple legal challenges involving the pipeline, the Squamish Nation and five other First Nations are involved in a Federal Court of Appeal case that targets Ottawa's approval of the project.
“The protesters and the opposition, and the civil disobedience is probably going to increase,” Khelsilem said.
“Our mandate from our people is to continue to defend our rights as a people and to protect our territory, not just for us but for future generations. We're going to continue to stand with our allies that support our Indigenous rights and change the story of Canada, that Canada is no longer a country that disregards Indigenous rights.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: How we got here
Related: First Nations remain divided
Camille Bains, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The GQ 100 Best Dressed party was a paradise for sneakerheads. While the most stylish men from film, fashion, food and sports opted for classic black as their sartorial choice for the evening, there were some experimentalists like Ayushmann Khurrana and Sidharth Malhotra who decided to show up in monotone ensembles. But there was one thing in common among all of these men – barring a few of course. They all had their sneaker game on point – whether it was paired with three-piece suits, denims, tracksuits or even joggers. If you were wondering how to do sneakers like a celeb, here's every single sneaker that was spotted at the GQ 100 Best Dressed party:
Troy Costa
If you're wearing Dolce and Gabanna, why not spell it out?
DJ Sa
You may claim to be a sneaker head, but do you have these Adidas Consortium X Nice Kicks Crazy 8 ADV that Sa is sporting?
Harshvardhan Kapoor
The sneaker god himself swears by white kicks that go with absolutely anything – even with a pair of baggy formal trousers.
Hrithik Roshan
Black sneakers with white laces? Hrithik seems to swear by them.
Sidharth Malhotra
Forget black or white. You know nude kicks are in when Sid wears them.
Dhruv Kapoor
Dhruv Kapoor's monochrome Fendi kicks could be a smart choice for a night out partying with the boys.
Gaurav Gupta
Your sneakers aren't going to trigger conversations. Unless you've got a pair of Y3 Yohji Yamamotos.
Dino Morea
Dino Morea is proof that a pair of Gucci kicks are all you need to go from laid-back chic to red-carpet ready.
Angad Bedi
Looking to upgrade your classic white kicks? Take cue from Angad Bedi's Onitsuka sneakers.
Armaan Ralhaan
Plain white kicks will never go out of style, so when in doubt you know which ones to pick out.
Gaurav Khanijo
If black is your go-to sneaker colour, this pair of Asics Tiger Gel-Lyte III Lacquer Pack will have you covered.
Kelvin Cheung
Even with a multi-coloured shirt and a deep green suit, nothing stands out like a pair of chunky white Adidas kicks.
K.L Rahul
A pair of squeaky clean white sneakers are always a good idea to elevate your head-to-toe black ensemble.
Kunal Rawal
You can never go wrong with a pair of black combats, especially if you're doing monochrome.
Leander Paes
A classic example of how matching your pristine white shirt and kicks could make all the difference to your otherwise straightforward attire.
Narendra Kumar
Once the idea of pulling off a mauve suit sinks in, maybe mauve kicks could just be your next new thing.
Nitin Mirani
You know it's time to upgrade your sneaker collection if its missing a pair of black loafer sneakers.
Rahul Khanna
If your dress shoes are a bit much to go with your black pinstripe three-piece, a pair of subtle black kicks could always come to your rescue.
Sahil Aneja
Remember what we told you about basic black loafer sneakers?
Ujjwal Dubey
You won't know the power of chunky monochrome printed kicks unless you wear them with an all-black ensemble.
NOW READ
Jim Sarbh went full retro at the GQ 100 Best Dressed party
Leander Paes just won red carpet style by combining two of menswear's biggest trends
The GQ 100 Best Dressed party was a masterclass on how to do black
> More on Style & Fashion
WASHINGTON (AP) — A fake Michael Flynn Twitter account has fooled two top House Democrats who cited a series of tweets in condemning President Donald Trump's former national security adviser.
Flynn was forced to resign Monday over discussions he had with Russian officials before Trump took office.
At a news conference Tuesday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., complained that Republicans in Congress were not adequately investigating Flynn's actions. In doing so, they cited a tweet purportedly from Flynn that said, “I feel it is unfair that I have been made the sole scapegoat for what happened.”
CUMMINGS: “Madam leader, just this morning, Flynn tweeted, and this is a quote, ‘scapegoat,' end of quote. Scapegoat. He basically described himself as a scapegoat.”
PELOSI: “I have a tweet, I'm going to make, I'm telling my staff right now — It's not scapegoat, its stonewall, and that's exactly what the Republicans in Congress are doing.”
THE FACTS: That wasn't Flynn tweeting.
Flynn had a different verified Twitter account during the campaign, but it is no longer active, and his own son, Michael Flynn Jr., tweeted in his account that the purported tweet from his father was fake.
Cummings mentioned the tweets at the news conference and Pelosi picked up on the theme.
Both offices later acknowledged the mistake. Pelosi spokesman Drew Hammill acknowledged that Pelosi inadvertently cited tweets from a fake account. Cummings issued his correction on Twitter: “Yes, sorry, to correct the record — just learned like many others that the Flynn tweet this morning was fake.”
The New York Times cited tweets from the unverified account in a story about Flynn's resignation. The newspaper later removed the references and corrected its story.
___
Find all AP Fact Checks here: http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
___
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/stephenatap
EDITOR'S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two Cambridgeshire police officers have returned from the British Virgin Islands following the catastrophic damage caused by Hurricane Irma feeling humbled.
The world watched as the hurricane took hold of the Caribbean and travelled across the North Atlantic killing more than 120 people with winds of up to 185mph at the end of August.
News bulletins and social media sites were awash with images and videos showing the pure devastation hurricane Irma had left behind but nothing could prepare PC Den Williams and PC Ross Beesley for what they were about to witness.
The pair volunteered, along with more than 50 other officers from across the country, to offer mutual aid in the British Virgin Islands and flew out from RAF Brize Norton to Barbados on 9 September.
PC Williams, who is based in Ely said: “Words cannot describe the devastation. We saw 40ft containers that had been thrown around, homes without roofs and what was an island full of lush greenery turned into something like what you would see in a Hollywood movie.
“Yet the people were still upbeat. Despite losing everything themselves they were committed to helping others. There was one woman in particular, Janet, who left her own teenage children to come to the aid of those in a children's home.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
PC Beesley, from Wisbech, said: “We saw it on the TV before we left but you are detached from the pictures and videos. It's not until you are there that you can smell the sewage in the street, you avoid puddles not knowing if the power cable lying in it is live or not.
"You are driving round in vehicles that wouldn't be fit fort purpose in the UK and are witness to many other dangers around you.”
With around 40 per cent of the islands police force unable to work because of the devastation caused to their own lives, the majority of PC Williams and PC Beesley's time was spent at banks to stop looting and robberies or at supermarkets and fuel stations to prevent panic buying.
PC Beesley said: “The moment we landed and our presence was known, we were starting to make a difference. We were able to take some control and allow everyone to get on with try to rebuild what they had lost.”
It wasn't long after they arrived that they were put under a 24 hour curfew as hurricane Maria struck the islands.
Their efforts soon turned to offering reassurance to members of the public, giving people lifts from hospital and interacting with the families and children.
The pair were so touched by the community they were working with that they got in touch with the Police Federation and the Police and Crime Commissioner, Jason Ablewhite, and were able to secure a donation to purchase books, toys, pens and pencils for the children.
PC Williams said: “The best part of the trip was seeing the small difference we were making. Seeing the children's faces when you presented them with small gifts, playing ball with them. You couldn't put a price on it.
“Being in 40C heat, wearing full body armour and not being able to wash above the neck because of the E.coli in the water was a low. We were living without the basics but we had a roof over our heads, were fed and watered which is more than most had out there.
“I feel very privileged to have had the chance to go.”
PC Beesley added: “The one thing I will take away from the experience was a line from a gentleman who had lost his home, his belongings, everything. He said; ‘I've got life and as long as I have that, I can rebuild everything else'.”
A candlelight vigil has been planned this weekend for a fallen East Texas soldier.
The Patriot Guard on Facebook posted that the vigil will be held for Specialist Alexander W. Missildine, 20, of Tyler.
The vigil is scheduled for Saturday, Oct. 7, at 6:30 p.m. on the Tyler City Square.
The Patriot Guard's post stated that all groups, clubs, independents, etc are welcome. "The only prerequisite is respect." The flag line is open to all who wish to participate.
Missildine, a 10th Mountain Division Soldier with 710th Brigade Support Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division, Fort Polk, Louisiana was killed Sunday, Oct. 1 in Ninawa Province, Iraq.
Missildine was supporting Operation Inherent Resolve, when the attack happened at Salah ad-Din Province, north of Baghdad, according to the U.S. Department of Defense.
Missildine sustained injuries when an improvised explosive device detonated near his convoy.
Missildine joined the Army in July 2015. After training at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, he arrived at Fort Polk in December 2015. Missildine deployed with his unit in September 2017 to Iraq in support of Operation Inherent Resolve.
According to a Fort Drum public affairs press release, Missildine's awards and decorations include the Bronze Star, Purple Heart, Combat Action Badge, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, the Iraq Campaign Medal with one campaign star, National Defense Service Medal and the Army Service Ribbon.
Related: Officials ID East Texas soldier killed in Iraq
Related: Remembering fallen East Texas soldier
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
FILE - In this March 2, 2014 file photo, Harvey Weinstein arrives at the Oscars in Los Angeles. Weinstein is taking a leave of absence from his own company after The New York Times released a report alleging decades of sexual harassment against women, including employees and actress Ashley Judd. Photo by Jordan Strauss
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Four high school graduates from Schuylkill County are in California for the Rose Bowl.
All attend classes at Penn State University, University Park. The students are members of the Pennsylvania State University Marching Band.
They will march in the 128th Rose Parade in Pasadena, California, which starts at 11 a.m. The show will be broadcast on NBC.
Three of students are graduates from Pottsville Area High School and one from North Schuylkill High School.
They are Colleen Brennan, drums, John Shoener, trumpet, Benjamin Blake, trombone, and Amanda Anthony, a member of the Silks team. Brennan, Shoener and Blake are PAHS graduates. The band will perform at the Rose Bowl. The Penn State Nittany Lions play the University of Southern California Trojans.
The students are excited to attend this historic event.
“It's sure to be an exciting way to finish my time at Penn State. Since I started at college, we couldn't have a bowl game, so this is truly exciting to end in the granddaddy of them all,” Shoener said.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal fans have only just about recovered from the remarkable events at the Emirates on Friday night, but Granit Xhaka would have more reason than most to have not got his breath back yet.
The Swiss midfielder was in imperious form in the middle of the park as the Gunners somehow came back to beat Leicester City 4-3 , grabbing assists for both Aaron Ramsey and Olivier Giroud's goals in the final seven minutes.
And it wasn't just the assists chart he's currently topping right now (albeit alongside Christian Eriksen and Henrikh Mkhitaryan), but another one too.
(Image: Michael Regan)
Because as it stands right now, no-one in the division has covered more ground than Xhaka, who ran an incredible 7.6 miles during the game as Arsenal fought their way back into it.
And despite there being nine Premier League games which followed Arsenal's clash over the weekend, no player was able to outrun Xhaka's fine effort.
(Image: David Price)
(Image: PA)
Southampton's goalless draw with Swansea was the least mobile of the matches, with no player clocking seven or more miles over the course of the 90 minutes.
Some 27 players did manage to do that in their games though, and here they are:
Players who covered the most ground on the opening weekend of the Premier League season (miles)
Can the Granit of the Gunners keep it up?
THANE: A major fire broke out at a warehouse in here in which at least four godowns were gutted, police said. The incident took place in Bhiwandi's Mankoli.
The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained. More than six fire tenders rushed to the spot to douse the blaze.
Thane: Four godowns gutted in a fire which broke out at a warehouse in Bhiwandi's Mankoli; more than six fire tenders present at the spot #Maharashtra pic.twitter.com/KAeUnROLHH — ANI (@ANI) February 3, 2018
On January 31, as many as 16 scrap godowns were gutted in another massive fire that broke out in the industrial Bhiwandi township of the district.
However, no injury or casualty was reported in the blaze, according to officials. The fire broke out in the Gayatri Nagar locality where a few huts also suffered damages in the mishap.
Today's incident took place almost a month after the devastating Kamala mills fire tragedy that claimed lives of 14 people.
On December 29, a massive fire had broken out at Kamla Mills Compound in the Lower Parel locality of Mumbai killing 14 people and injuring another 30.
Just a week after the Kamala mills mishap, another fire was reported from Cinevista studio in east central Mumbai's Kanjurmarg.
By The Associated Press
Cincinnati Chicago ab r h bi ab r h bi Hmilton cf 5 0 1 2 Jay cf 5 3 3 1 Cozart ss 3 0 0 0 L Stlla 2b-1b-2b-3b 5 2 3 2 Votto 1b 5 0 3 0 Bryant 3b 4 2 2 2 Duvall lf 3 0 0 0 I.Happ ph-2b 0 0 0 0 Suarez 3b 2 2 0 0 Rizzo 1b-2b-1b 5 1 3 5 Gennett 2b-p 5 2 2 2 Cratini ph-1b 1 0 0 0 Msoraco c 0 0 0 0 Schwrbr lf 2 1 1 1 Brnhart pr-c 3 1 1 0 Avila c 5 0 0 0 Kvlehan rf 4 0 1 0 Heyward rf 4 3 2 0 Wjcchws p 2 0 0 0 J.Baez ss 5 2 2 2 Shcklfr p 1 0 0 0 Qintana p 3 0 0 0 B.Wood p 0 0 0 0 M.Mntgm p 1 1 1 2 Storen p 0 0 0 0 Grimm p 1 0 0 0 Lrenzen p 0 0 0 0 Peraza ph-2b 1 0 0 0 Totals 34 5 8 4 Totals 41 15 17 15
Cincinnati 020 000 030— 5 Chicago 200 500 62x—15
E_Quintana (1), Kivlehan (2). LOB_Cincinnati 11, Chicago 10. 2B_Votto (23), Jay (14), Bryant (25), M.Montgomery (1). 3B_Jay (2). HR_Gennett (20), Bryant (22), Rizzo (27), J.Baez (18). CS_Duvall (3). SF_La Stella (2).
IP H R ER BB SO Cincinnati Wojciechowski L,3-2 3 2-3 10 7 7 0 5 Shackelford 1 1-3 0 0 0 1 2 Wood 1 0 0 0 1 1 Storen 2-3 4 6 3 1 0 Lorenzen 1-3 1 0 0 0 0 Chicago Quintana W,7-10 5 4 2 1 4 4 Montgomery 2 2-3 3 3 3 2 0 Grimm 1 1-3 1 0 0 1 1
HBP_by Quintana (Mesoraco), by Quintana (Duvall), by Wojciechowski (Schwarber), by Storen (Schwarber), by Gennett (Happ).
Umpires_Home, Ron Kulpa; First, Marvin Hudson; Second, Ryan Blakney; Third, Chris Conroy.
T_3:45. A_40,263 (41,072).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Footage has emerged of Alan Shearer launching into a foul-mouthed rant at Colombia after they were beaten by England in a dramatic penalty shootout.
The 47-year-old TV pundit and former Newcastle striker entertained viewers by singing Three Lions on the highlights show on BBC after England's victory last night (July 3).
Off-air it was a different matter however, after he expressed the frustration shared by many Three Lions' fans across the country, The Mirror reports.
Sitting alongside Jermaine Jenas, fellow commentator, in Moscow after the ill-tempered game which saw six yellow cards given to Colombian players, Shearer said: "We don't even care. Whatever way you want we'll just talk about it.
"Who gives a s**t. We'll smile and be happy and say 'Well done lads'.
“Colombia you're cheating, robbing. f*****g....”
Out of shot, host Gary Lineker can be heard laughing.
poll loading How far will England go at this World Cup? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Quarter-finals Semi-finals Finalists It's coming home
The former England striker's anger came after Colombia showed they were all to be aware of the dark arts of football.
In the first half viewers were treated to a headbutt by Marcos Barrios (that only saw yellow), more yellow cards followed as well as the sight of a senior coach for the Colombian team shouldering Raheem Sterling as he left the pitch.
Hi Colombia, you flaming cheats, how do you like these Lemons? pic.twitter.com/H5MEo3EYjL — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) July 4, 2018
In the second half the Colombian team swarmed referee Mark Gieger when the official rightly gave a penalty to England and footage has since emerged of Johan Mojica kicking up the turf prior to Harry Kane's spot kick.
Colombia deserves to go 1-0 down to that Kane pen for being dirty cheats #EngCol — Kevin Maguire (@Kevin_Maguire) July 3, 2018
Shearer was certainly not the only viewer fuming at Colombia.
More than 80 firearms and over 1,000 rounds of ammunition were handed into police last week as part of a city-wide ‘gun surrender'.
The haul of weapons included 22 live firearms, with an AK47 rifle and a pump-action shotgun among those handed in.
Scotland Yard also collected 13 pistols, eight shotguns, 40 air weapons or BB guns and 21 imitation guns.
Officers received the weapons as part of a week-long amnesty.
People who handed in guns did not have to give their details to police and could remain anonymous.
Detective Chief Superintendent Jim Stokley, from the Met's Trident and Area Crime Command, said: “We had a fantastic response to the gun surrender and, as a result, some extremely deadly weapons have been taken off the streets of London.
“Trident officers will continue their work to reduce gun crime in the capital and anyone who is found in possession of an illegal firearm will be arrested and face at least five years in jail.”
All weapons and ammunition will now be forensically checked for evidence to see if they can be linked to a crime.
The last firearm surrender, in November 2015, collected 10 live firing weapons as well as 37 air weapons, 17 imitation weapons and 1,270 rounds of ammunition.
One month on, establishing user consent for tracking technologies is proving difficult for the online ad industry to master
Online publishers and ad exchanges are taking differing routes to compliance with the newly introduced General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), with consumer groups finding that many publishers are continuing to serve personalised ads without obtaining consent.
Compliance within the ad industry is also being made more complex due to Google's delay in joining a consortium formed to grapple with GDPR issues, potentially leaving publishers and others open to fines.
Media consultancy Oko Digital found that as of early June, one-third of 75 major websites presented no notice about personalised ads.
Dutch consumer advocacy organisation Consumentenbond, likewise, found that half of the 150 websites it reviewed began tracking users before establishing consent.
Informed consent
Informed, explicit consent to the use of personal data is a central pillar of the GDPR, but as yet there is no consensus on what that means.
And some major publishers are taking a different route, arguing that their collection of tracking data is justified under a GDPR provision that allows it for “legitimate” business purposes.
Fraud prevention and marketing can fit the definition, provided the privacy effect on individuals is limited, reasonably expected and likely to be accepted, regulators have said.
“Axel Springer takes the view that the use of certain tracking technologies in Germany continues to be allowed without prior consent – as long as users can opt out and provided there is a legitimate interest,” Axel Springer told Reuters.
Axel Springer is not seeking consent for targeted ads on its properties.
The UK Information Commissioner's Office said consent must be “unambiguous, freely given, fully informed and involve a clear affirmative action in order to be valid under GDPR”.
Valuable data
Europe's online display advertising market is worth $22 billion (£17bn), a major part of the $200bn global online ad industry.
The compliance issues are a major issue because websites and apps can charge advertisers as much as 10 times more if ads can be delivered according to data such as a user's browsing history or exact physical location.
Google and advertising technology companies have told publishers of ad-supported websites that it's their responsibility to obtain consent from users for the collection of their data for advertising purposes.
But while many websites are now asking for consent, it isn't clear what effect, if any, users' choices are having on the way their data is collected and used.
The situation is all the more chaotic because Google's DoubleClick Bid Manager (DBM) doesn't yet support consent software rolled out by adtech companies a month before the GDPR took effect, and won't do so until August.
Spike in complaints
As a result, adtech firms can collect consent data from websites, but can't yet submit it to DBM, which is used by major brands to buy ad inventory.
To get around the problem, large ad exchanges such as AppNexus and Rubicon Project have said they will only offer ad space on DBM if they've received consent from a user. In turn, those exchanges have informed websites that it's their responsibility to block ads from DBM if they can't guarantee users' consent, Reuters reported, citing letters sent to sites.
And yet, AppNexus and Rubicon Project didn't offer significantly less ad space on DBM after making the consent-only guarantee, two industry executives told Reuters. That's in spite of at least 10 percent of European users withholding their consent when given the choice, the executives said.
AppNexus said it had stopped providing ads to European users from about 100 publishers.
Data protection authorities, which have been deluged with data protection complaints since the GDPR's introduction on 25 May, have not yet delivered rulings on any specific cases.
The new law exposes companies to fines of 4 percent of global turnover or 20m euros (£18m), whichever is greater, in the case of serious breaches.
The insolvency code, which became operational in December last year, provides for a market-determined and time-bound insolvency resolution process. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: An insolvency resolution plan will need to have a statement spelling out how the interest of all stakeholders will be dealt with, according to the amended regulations under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The move would help in ensuring more clarity in terms of taking into consideration interests of stakeholders, including home buyers, concerned during the insolvency process.
With the latest amendment by the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (IBBI), a resolution plan should have a statement about dealing with the interests of all stakeholders.
The IBBI is implementing the Code.
“A resolution plan shall include a statement as to how it has dealt with the interests of all stakeholders, including financial creditors and operational creditors, of the corporate debtor,” an official release said Friday.
In this regard, regulations pertaining to Insolvency Resolution Process for Corporate Persons as well as to Fast Track Insolvency Resolution Process for Corporate Persons have been amended by the IBBI.
The Code, which became operational in December last year, provides for a market-determined and time-bound insolvency resolution process. A case is taken up for resolution under the Code only after receiving approval of the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) for the same.
The IBBI has also amended the rules for information utilities, providing more leeway for setting up such entities. Now, a listed Indian company can hold up to 100% stake in an information utility — which stores financial information that helps to establish defaults as well as verify claims expeditiously.
With the latest amendments, a person can, either alone or together with persons acting in concert, have a maximum of 51% stake in an information utility for up to three years from the date of its registration.
Besides, an Indian company listed in India can hold up to 100% of the paid-up equity share capital or total voting power of an information utility for three years from the date of inception.
Prior to these amendments, a person was allowed to hold up to 51% stake in an information utility for a maximum of three years.
The holiday season is here and there's no escaping the Christmas music and holiday spirit.
However, for one little girl, she missed out on a very important holiday just weeks ago – Halloween!
Trinity was diagnosed with a brain tumor earlier this year. It meant she missed out on one of the best parts of childhood – trick-or-treating.
Now, more than a month later, she's at least getting the treat.
Friends and family surprised Trinity Sunday by bringing Halloween to her and organizing a special day of trick-or-treating.
"She had so much fun. I mean I don't even think she cared that it's not actually Halloween it was just the idea that she got to go around and do it and have fun,” said Teresa Castillo, Trinity's mom.
Trinity was even picked up by a limousine and then went door-to-door in her neighborhood asking for candy.
"It's just so hard to see her have to give up stuff that she enjoys so it's really amazing,” Castillo said.
Even though the fun had to be cut short thanks to the cold and snowy weather, Trinity had the time of her life.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Pop Culture Happy Hour: 'Won't You Be My Neighbor?'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lynn Johnson/Focus Features Lynn Johnson/Focus Features
It's easy to be skeptical of a documentary about Fred Rogers, who hosted Mister Rogers' Neighborhood on public television for decades. Rogers has achieved, as the film acknowledges, an almost saint-like status, and the mission of Won't You Be My Neighbor? is not to uncover some secret dark side of the man — as far as you'll know walking out, there wasn't one.
How, then, to make this story interesting? It would not be enough to have endless talking-head interviews with people speaking admiringly of a person already widely admired. Director Morgan Neville, who also made the Oscar-winning 20 Feet From Stardom, does feature those interviews — with Rogers' family (including his boundlessly charming wife Joanne), with collaborators like Yo-Yo Ma and François Scarborough Clemmons (who played the police officer), and with people who worked on the crew. But they are not the only thing he has up his sleeve.
What Neville has made is a film about goodness. And his thesis is not that Fred Rogers was good in precisely the way we should all be good. He is not telling you to be a children's television host, impenetrably pleasant, speaking in a soft voice with a puppet on your hand, suspicious of entertainment that rises above a gentle murmur. Neville is not pretending the world would be good or interesting if we were all precisely this. His thesis is that Fred Rogers found the way to be good, to contribute, that worked for him, given his particular flavor of Christianity, his talents, his temperament, and his limitations. For example, Joanne Rogers says at one point that she and her husband both were raised to swallow their anger, and taught that anger was bad. She doesn't speak of that as a positive thing, but he channeled the sometimes peculiar affect it created in him into something good.
The intent, it seems, is not to make you nostalgic for Mister Rogers' Neighborhood as much as to make you restless, considering what you have to offer that people will look back on with such admiration.
To hear our conversation about the film with Daisy Rosario, subscribe to Pop Culture Happy Hour or listen to the audio on this page.
Commentary: Attached is a letter from the LCPS Superintendent that clarifies the district's position regarding the adoption of the proposed New Mexico STEM-Ready Science Standards.
October 3, 2017
Christopher N. Ruszkowski
Acting Secretary of Education
New Mexico Public Education Department
300 Don Gaspar Ave.
Santa Fe, NM 87501
Dear Mr. Secretary:
As the state moves forward with the long-anticipated adoption of new science
standards, the Las Cruces Public Schools wish to express concerns about key
omissions in the proposed New Mexico STEM-Ready Science Standards. As an
early adopter of the Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS), LCPS recognizes
the need for a revised vision of science education to prepare students for college,
career and citizenship. However, there is great concern that omissions in standards
that support conceptual understanding of complex systems will have a lasting
detrimental impact on science education. The removal of terminology such as
evolution and climate change flies in the face of the evidence accepted by the
majority of the scientific community. These omissions dilute the accuracy of key
scientific concepts that may forever impact the science literacy of students.
Public schools have the responsibility to provide students with the skills required
to become critical thinkers, capable of analyzing evidence and constructing
arguments based on the evidence. Taking on topics that are controversial and
engaging with content that has multiple interpretations is key to giving students the
opportunity to participate in authentic scientific inquiry. Removing these topics
would deny New Mexico students access to scientific inquiry, examination, and
debate that is fostered among students in states across the nation. Such a policy
decision would marginalize New Mexico students and render them less able to
compete with their peers across the nation and the globe.
The Las Cruces Public Schools continues to experience success with the
implementation of rigorous science standards. In 2015, LCPS began integrating
the Next Generation Science Standards, without modification, into science
curricula in grades 6-8. Science educators and stakeholders have embraced these
changes and there has been a notable increase in student achievement in science in
the middle grades.
Adopting modified standards not only imperils the education of students, but
potentially the economic future of our state. New Mexico can never hope to
improve quality of education, and in turn quality of life, if the state implements
policies that drive away industry and leave residents with fewer opportunities for
high wage employment.
Christopher N. Ruszkowski
On behalf of the students of New Mexico, now and future, we implore you to
provide them with access to science education that is afforded to students across
the nation. Maintain the integrity of science education by ensuring the NGSS
standards are adopted as designed, without omission of key scientific concepts.
This letter was unanimously approved by the Las Cruces Board of Education on
October 3, 2017.
Respectfully,
Sra. Maria Flores
President
Las Cruces Board of Education 575.527.5807
sraflores@lcps.net gewing@lcps
Gregory Ewing, Ed.D.
Superintendent
TORONTO — An overnight fire at an east Toronto school playground has sparked an arson investigation.
Emergency crews were called to Norman Ingram Public School shortly before 2 a.m. for reports of a fire.
Police say a play structure was destroyed by the flames.
They are asking anyone who saw or heard suspicious activity around that time to come forward.
© International Fund for Animal Welfare
An International Fund for Animal Welfare marine mammal rescue and research team performed a necropsy on a young minke whale that stranded and died in Wellfleet on Wednesday, according to organization spokeswoman Kerry Branon.The male whale was spotted swimming in Wellfleet Harbor on Wednesday, but stranded and then died shortly after the team began to provide care, Branon said.Researchers are investigating the animal's cause of death and its condition.Minke whales are common with a population that is believed to top a million individuals, and frequently seen in waters around Cape Cod. They can grow to up to 33 feet long and weigh up to 10 tons, according to the American Cetacean Society.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, he has promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
University of Georgia Professor Richard Watson has changed his mind about a policy originally included in his syllabi for his fall business courses that would have allowed students to choose their own grade if “unduly stressed.”
Breitbart News reported last week on a syllabus written by University of Georgia Professor Richard Watson, in which he wrote that in two of his business courses would allow students who are “unduly stressed by a grade” to “email the instructor indicating what grade [they] think is appropriate, and it will be so changed,” with “no explanation” being required.
advertisement
Watson also wrote in his syllabi that his exams will not only be open-book but will also only test for a “low-level mastery” of the course material.
“If in a group meeting, you feel stressed by your group's dynamics, you should leave the meeting immediately and need to offer no explanation to the group members,” another portion of the syllabus read. Under his original policy, students could “discontinue all further group work” with their remaining grade being “based totally on non-group work.”
After serious criticism, Watson has had a change of heart. The University of Georgia announced in a statement on August 8 that Watson's syllabi didn't conform to the University's expectations for academic rigor.
“The professor has removed this language from the syllabus,” Executive Director of Media Communications Greg Trevor told Campus Reform in an interview. “In addition, the University of Georgia applies very high standards in its curricular delivery, including a university-wide policy that mandates all faculty employ a grading system based on transparent and pre-defined coursework.”
The Dean of the Terry College of Business at the University of Georgia released a statement condemning Watson's “pick your own grade” policy, calling it “inappropriate.”
“The syllabus stated that his grading policy would allow students inappropriate input into the assignment of their own grades. I want you to know that the syllabus did not conform with the university's rigorous expectations and policy regarding academic standards for grading,” Dean Benjamin Ayers wrote, adding that he has “explained this discrepancy to the professor” who “has removed the statement from his syllabus.”
“Rest assured that this ill-advised proposal will not be implemented in any Terry classroom,” he finished. “The University of Georgia upholds strict guidelines and academic policies to promote a culture of academic rigor, integrity, and honesty.”
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders viewers were stunned tonight when Max Branning revealed he had married Rainie Cross.
Soap star Tanya Franks made a dramatic return to Albert Square as her character strutted into the E20 club.
Max couldn't have picked a worse wife - as Rainie is his former sister-in-law and a massive drug addict.
But Tanya has promised that her character has cleaned up her act and viewers will soon find out what she's like without relying on substances.
As well as revealing why she decided to return to Walford, the actress has speculated on Rainie and Max's future.
(Image: BBC)
Speaking the marriage to Max, she said: "Nobody in the world wants either one of them, but both of them have to look to at a new pathway.
"It's a bit like a kindred spirit from opposing ends of the scale. Two people that absolutely loathe each other, but actually there's a lot of similarity between the two for different reasons."
Tanya admitted they are both "self-destructive" characters that are always trying to find the next big thing, which seems to be ownership of the car lot this time.
One controversial point in the marriage is that Rainie is Tanya's sister, making her Max's former sister-in-law.
(Image: BBC)
However, Tanya has revealed that they don't speak about their family connection and doesn't see it as a betrayal.
She said: "No they don't talk about it and for Rainie actually, I think a lot of it is in spite of Tanya."
Tanya decided to come back after being sat down by returning producer John Yorke, who revealed Rainie's exciting upcoming journey.
Rainie, who first appeared in August 2007, will return permanently to the soap for the first time in three years.
(Image: BBC)
Tanya's younger sister has caused chaos during her last visits, most famously starting a drunken affair with Phil Mitchell and sleeping with Ian Beale for money.
One audience reaction, she said: "I think when people speak to me personally in the street or something they tend to be really favourable of her in that they enjoy what the antics of the character are going to bring.
"I quite often get the thing of “ooh has she cleaned up”? They want to know is she going to clean up or is she still going to be off the rails.
"I think one side of her they're quite intrigued by and this whole new venture now is a whole new dynamic so it will be interesting for me as well to see how the audience react to this.
On what the future holds, she added: "I would say nobody would imagine what it's like for Rainie and Max to be together so the only way to discover how potentially successful or disastrous this could be is just to view it and find out."
*EastEnders continues on Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm
TRY NWADG FREE FOR 30 DAYS
We hope you've enjoyed your preview of NWADG.com.
You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription.
Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A climber who fell from a cliff face and plunged into the Avon Gorge died at the scene, police have confirmed.
Emergency services were called around 11.48am today (Friday, February 2) after reports a climber had fallen in the Avon Gorge in Bristol.
The man in his 40s is believed to have fallen off a stretch of cliff face that is a recognised climbing route, with climbing holds fixed to the rock.
At the time of the incident a spokesman for the South Western Ambulance Service NHS Trust said a man in his 40s fell from a cliff face near The Portway.
A huge rescue operation was launched involving police, ambulance crews, firefighters, the air ambulance and the coastguard helicopter. Emergency services said the climber had suffered head injuries and his condition was not clear.
Avon and Somerset police have now confirmed the man died, and a spokesman said: "Sadly, the climber was pronounced dead at the scene. We are taking steps to identify and notify next of kin.
(Image: Dan Regan)
The Portway was closed following the incident and emergency services were seen attending on the cliffs and at the bottom of the Avon Gorge.
"The Circular road remains closed. The Portway has now been reopened," the police spokesman said.
Avon Fire and Rescue Service also assisted in the rescue operation, its spokeswoman said: "We were called to the Circular Road, Clifton to assist with an incident involving a climber who had fallen and is located halfway down the cliff face.
(Image: Dan Regan)
"They are thought to have head injuries and crews from Temple, Southmead and Bedminster are currently working with the coastguard air support to rescue the climber."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Blackburn Rovers are emerging as the favourites to sign Bristol City goalkeeper Frank Fielding.
The former England U21 man has been linked with a move away from Bristol City as Lee Johnson continues to search for another goalkeeper.
As reported exclusively in the Bristol Post last week, Bolton, Blackburn and Wigan were interested in signing Fielding, and according to journalist Alan Nixon, Tony Mowbray's side are now the frontrunners in the race for his signature.
After the Lancashire club's promotion back to the Championship, the club are looking to strengthen their squad.
22-year-old David Raya is the current man between the sticks at Ewood Park but it is understood Mowbray wants to bring in an experienced Championship keeper to compete for the number one shirt.
Fielding kept 14 clean sheets in 43 games for Bristol City last season, but his future is up in the air after increased speculation linking Shrewsbury stopper Dean Henderson with a move to Ashton Gate.
Johnson has been and watched him on a number of occasions this year and is reportedly a big fan.
If it goes ahead it will be the fourth Bristol City goalkeeper to leave in the last 18 months, after Luke Steele, Richard O'Donnell and Ivan Lucic were all allowed to leave the club by Lee Johnson.
The move would see Fielding return to his hometown club, after leaving them for Derby nine years ago.
It would bring an end to a successful five-year career at Ashton Gate where he became a regular starter and helped the side win the League One title in 2015.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sammy Ameobi's goal downed Bristol City as they suffered a seventh Sky Bet Championship defeat of the season at the hands of Bolton Wanderers.
Lee Johnson's side had seen off QPR in their previous match but were not at the races at the Macron Stadium on Friday night in front of over 500 Robins supporters as they lost 1-0.
Bobby Reid had an early shout for a penalty turned down while Aden Flint appeared to be hauled over by his shirt in the second half in the Bolton box.
Nonetheless, Ameobi's superb effort where he brushed off Joe Bryan before smashing an effort past Luke Steele was the decisive moment in the game.
Johnson chucked on the likes of Lois Diony and Gustav Engvall to force the leveller for City but it wasn't to be for the away side.
Here's how the City fans took to the defeat and the performances from the Robins players.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An investigation was launched after police in Cambridgeshire took 80 minutes to respond to a tip off about a suspected drink-driver, who was later found dead in a ditch.
The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) has now published its findings after investigating possible misconduct by staff in the force control room.
A call came into the force control room about concerns for the woman who was under the influence of alcohol and a 'missing person' - indicating she may have been distressed - and controllers called for a 'prompt' response.
A patrol car was dispatched but it was more than an hour later.
The woman's car had plunged into a ditch where she was found dead by a rescue team.
The IOPC deemed there was a case of misconduct to answer but Cambridgeshire Constabulary disagreed with the findings of the police watchdog, formerly known as the IPCC (Independent Police Complaints Commission).
The IOPC report said: "On 4 June 2016 Cambridgeshire Constabulary received a call regarding a woman who had drunk alcohol, was driving a car and whose location was unknown.
"The call was graded a ‘prompt' response and labelled ‘concern for welfare'. A unit was dispatched to the address one hour and 22 minutes later.
"Officers attended the address and carried out a search of the area. An officer later identified the car submerged in water. Norfolk Fire and Rescue Team removed the woman from the car. She was pronounced dead at the scene."
The investigation
(Image: Getty)
The report said: "During the investigation, investigators interviewed the call handler and dispatcher, obtained several witness statements from officers and staff involved in the response and listened to call recordings and radio transmissions.
"The investigator concluded that there was sufficient evidence upon which a reasonable tribunal could conclude that the call handler had a case to answer for misconduct in respect of incorrectly labelling or grading the call made to Cambridgeshire Constabulary on 4 June 2016, and that the Force Control Room (FCR) supervisor also had a case to answer for misconduct in respect of failing to adequately review the call label or grading it."
What police said
The report continued: "Cambridgeshire Constabulary reviewed the IPCC report and did not agree with its findings: they found that there was insufficient evidence for them to conduct a misconduct hearing for the call handler or the FCR supervisor.
"However, they determined that there were some performance issues and learning that needed to be addressed by managers within FCR to ensure that staff understands the definitions of a missing person and that probing questions are asked of callers to elicit as much detail as required to adequately assess risk of harm.
"The IPCC agreed that Cambridgeshire Constabulary's proposals for action were appropriate."
The News asked police for details of where the incident took place and the identity of the woman but were told it would take too long to look up every incident that day.
A police spokesman said: “We fully reviewed the report from the IOPC but did not believe there was sufficient evidence to conduct a misconduct hearing with the force control staff involved.
“However there were a number of areas highlighted within the report that have since been addressed to ensure our contact management staff all understand the definitions of a missing person and that callers are asked probing questions to gain as much information as possible to sufficiently understand and assess their risk of harm.
“This work was shared with the IOPC who agreed our action was appropriate.”
The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) investigates the most serious matters, including deaths following police contact.
Through MoneyTap app, working professionals can avail instant loans of Rs3,000 to Rs5,00,000 and are charged 15-19% interest per annum, says founder and CEO Bala Parthasarthy.
New Delhi: MoneyTap, a lending app, has raised $12.3 million (about Rs80 crore) in a round led by Sequoia Capital India Advisors to expand its consumer credit line, the company said on Wednesday. Existing investors New Enterprise Associates (NEA) and Prime Venture Partners also participated in the round.
MoneyTap was founded in September 2015 by Bala Parthasarathy, former managing partner and founder of Prime Venture Partners, a Bengaluru-based seed fund. The app was rolled out exactly a year later and is available on Android platforms.
Through the MoneyTap app working professionals can avail instant loans. The loans range from Rs3,000 to Rs500,000 and are charged 15-19% interest per annum, Parthasarathy, chief executive of MoneyTap (MWYN Tech Pvt. Ltd), said in an interview.
What sets it apart from other lending start-ups is that MoneyTap offers what is called a “credit line”. In other words, it is an option to secure a predetermined un-collateralised loan instantly. The company claims to be the first to offer this service.
With the fresh funds, MoneyTap will expand to 50 cities from about 14 currently, and looks to offer credit worth Rs300 crore by March 2018.
“Today, in the banking system you either get a loan or a credit card—those are the only two lending products in the unsecured consumer lending space. What we are offering is a consumer line of credit,” Parthasarathy said.
Comparing the concept to overdraft facility in banks, he explained: “Say you get approval for Rs1 lakh, but you don't need to take it immediately. You take it and keep it in your app. There is no fee other than a small setting-up cost, until you take the money. But let's say you urgently want Rs25,000 sometime three months later, you just have to swipe and the money will be transferred to your bank account.”
The service is aimed at borrowers who are underserved by traditional banks and lending institutions due to their poor or non-existent credit score, the company said.
Credit Mantri and EarlySalary are other venture capital-backed platforms offering credit to largely the same audience.
Parthasarathy said that in about a year of operations the line of credit typically accorded to an individual is Rs60,000 (the highest being Rs900,000 and the lowest Rs30,000). Loans sought typically range between Rs25,000-Rs35,000 for an average tenure of eight months.
The company declined to disclose total loans disbursed so far.
“Consumer credit in India is highly under penetrated and is a complex problem to solve. MoneyTap combines an experienced team with a thoughtfully designed product—and their strong early traction is a testament to the efficacy of their approach to address this massive market opportunity,” Abheek Anand, a principal at Sequoia Capital said in a statement.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Another day, and another maths problem which will make weep tears of gratitude for having put your school days behind you.
It's not dogs competing in shows today though, instead it's goats, sheep and a ship's captain.
The problem, which was posed to Chinese schoolchildren age 11, has left a thousand of adults slack-jawed and defeated because it is literally "unsolvable."
That didn't stop the kids valiantly having a go though.
According to the BBC , the question asks:
"If a ship had 26 sheep and 10 goats onboard, how old is the ship's captain?"
We'll just let that sink in for a moment...
(Image: Getty)
The South China Morning Post collated some of the pupils' answers.
One desperate example (and our personal favourite) read: "The captain is 36 years old. He is quite narcissistic, so the number of animals corresponds to his age."
"The number of the sheep and goats is irrelevant to the captain's age," read another more confident response.
Another particularly heartbreaking answer went, "The captain's age is... I don't know. I can't solve this."
(Image: PA)
Adults soon caught wind of the problem, and tried to solve it themselves
"In China, if you're driving a ship that cargo you need to have possessed a boat license for five years. The minimum age for getting a boat's license is 23, so he's at least 28," was one attempt .
But it was all to no avail.
As for the answer...well, there isn't one.
Yes, we actually meant what we said when we described it as "unsolvable".
Apparently, the problem being impossible was the entire point.
In a statement , Shunqing Education Department confirmed there was no answer.
"The role of education is not to produce standardised spare parts... Each answer can reflect a different personality.
"A question that can have different answers is a good question."
Doesn't it make you glad to no longer have to go to school?
England have thrashed the Prime Minister's XI in Canberra by eight wickets in their T20 tour match.
England have thrashed the Prime Minister's XI in Canberra by eight wickets in their T20 tour match.
Nathan Lyon has been smashed for 34 runs in one over by David Willey, whose all-round heroics have guided England to a thumping T20 victory over the Prime Minister's XI in Canberra.
Fresh from a BBL stint with the Perth Scorchers, Willey opened the batting and unloaded on the Test offspinner with five consecutives sixes in Friday night's tour match at Manuka Oval.
But he couldn't get the elevation required off the final ball, slicing the PM's XI skipper through the covers for four.
"I had nothing to lose really so I just went out there with a bit of a free reign and cleared the ropes a few times," Willey said.
"It would have been nice to get the final one but, if you're hitting 34 off the over, you can't complain."
It was a stylish tune-up for England ahead of their tri-series against Australia and New Zealand, as they mowed down their modest target of 137 with eight wickets in hand and 44 balls to spare.
Willey was outstanding, blasting 79 off 36 balls with six sixes and six fours after earlier claiming 3-32 with the ball.
He put on 87 for the first wicket with James Vince in little more than six overs to take the game away from the hosts.
Willey's seventh attempt to clear the rope was his last when he was caught on the boundary by Sean Abbott off Mitchell Swepson's (2-33) bowling.
In Willey's 16 international T20s, he has never batted higher than seven and has come in as low as No.10.
Earlier, Peter Handscomb played a lone hand with 43 off 29 before England spinner Liam Dawson had him bowled, one of his three victims for 16 from four overs.
"Every opportunity you play an international match, you want to beat the opposition but, on a personal note, very nice to score some runs," Handscomb said.
"I've been feeling good out in the middle for a while so it's good to spend some time out there."
James Faulkner did nothing to improve his chances of a national recall, struggling for two from nine balls before being smashed for 20 runs off two overs.
The tourists' bowlers were in control for much of the PM's XI innings after Willey struck early, removing openers Nic Maddinson and Peter Nevill for eight and six respectively.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 23st man says he was dropped by an ambulance crew and left like a 'beached whale' on the floor.
Robert Wiley, 62, said he tumbled from his wheelchair while being lifted from his home by NHS contractors sent out to take him to a hospital appointment.
He fears he would have lain there for hours if his son had not been there to help, and later wasn't able to sleep due to pain caused by the tumble.
He said: "I remember going over the first threshold sitting up nicely, and the next thing I'm feeling myself dropping back and I'm suddenly on the floor.
"The pain from the fall didn't start for about an hour after, but why didn't they think to get me through casualty for a check up?
(Photo: Plymouth Herald)
"They apologised at the time, but if my son wasn't there to help me back on to the wheelchair, I would still be down there on the floor like a beached whale."
Robert, from Saltash, Cornwall, who suffers from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and bladder cancer, was being transferred to nearby Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon, when he says he was dropped on February 9.
He has lodged a formal complaint with E-zec Medical Transport Services, which provides ambulances for the NHS and private firms, after claiming the pain left him unable to sleep, reports the Plymouth Herald .
A spokesman for the firm said the company was 'investigating the incident'.
(Photo: Plymouth Herald)
Former van and coach driver Robert says he fears being dropped again and is also concerned for other patients' safety.
He added: "They brought in a wheelchair for obese people, got me on and strapped me to it.
"After I was dropped not one of them asked questions about how I was; they just carried on as usual and got me in the ambulance.
"It never should have happened in the first place, but I'm worried it could happen again.
(Photo: Plymouth Herald)
"I've only recently been diagnosed with cancer, and now I have these further injuries to worry about.
"It's just all happening at once."
He was due to go in for surgery for his bladder cancer the following day, but has been told he is too overweight for the operation to go ahead.
Robert says while he is waiting to hear back from the hospital, he is focusing on resting and recovering from the fall.
He added: "I want E-Zec to investigate properly and to make sure it is safer in the future.
(Photo: Plymouth Herald)
"I don't want other patients to get hurt. It doesn't put trust in me to trust the service."
The father said he had always received a 'perfect' service when dealt with directly by South Western Ambulance Service.
An E-zec spokesman said: "We were using a third party provider on that day, as we bring in other private ambulance companies from time to time if the demand is a little bit higher.
"However, as we approved this third party provider as the contractor, we are investigating the incident. We are just waiting for further information, including the incident reports."
Police in Kandara, Murang'a county have arrested a prime suspect who was in possession of one hundred and sixty six rolls of bhang. Kandara officer commanding police division Wilson Kosgey says the suspect has been selling bhang in the area and has managed to evade arrest on many occasions. He added that police will work closely with the residents in a bid to get information on such vices saying those found culpable will face the full force of the law.
1 Suspect In Custody, 4 Injured After 'Low-Tech' Explosion At Manhattan Subway Stop
Enlarge this image toggle caption Amita Kelly/NPR Amita Kelly/NPR
Updated at 10 a.m. ET
New York City police say a suspect is in custody following an explosion early Monday at a subway station a block away from Times Square. The fire department says four injuries were reported and that "all injuries are non-life-threatening."
"It was an effectively low-tech device," New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said during a news conference near the site of the blast, after calling the news of an explosion "very disturbing."
YouTube
New York City Police Department Commissioner James P. O'Neill identified the suspect as Akayed Ullah, 27. O'Neill said that the explosion was reported on a below-ground walkway between transit lines, where police found the wounded Ullah.
"Preliminary investigation at the scene indicates this individual was wearing an improvised low-tech explosive device attached to his body," O'Neill said. "He intentionally detonated that device."
Police said that Ullah suffered burns to his hands and abdomen, and that he was taken into custody and transported to Bellevue Hospital. O'Neill said that the incident had been captured on surveillance video.
Both Cuomo and New York Mayor Bill de Blasio went to the scene of the explosion shortly after it was reported.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack," de Blasio said. "Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals. Thank God our first responders were there so quickly, to address the situation. He later said that "at this point in time, all we know of is one individual" carrying out what he called a failed attack.
Calling a bomb in a crowded subway "one of our worst nightmares," Cuomo said that the reality of what had occurred turned out to be better than what had been first feared. The injuries seem to have been minor, he said.
Ending his remarks, Cuomo said, "Let's go back to work. We're not going to allow them to disrupt us, that's exactly what they want. And that is exactly what they're not going to get."
New York City Fire Department Commissioner Daniel Nigro said that in addition to the suspect's "serious" injuries, three other people were suffering from ringing ears and headaches, due to being close to the blast in an enclosed corridor. Those three people had taken themselves to nearby hospitals, he added.
Describing the device that was found on Ullah, NYPD Deputy Commissioner of Intelligence and Counterterrorism John Miller said that it was based on a pipe bomb. It had been attached to the suspect with Velcro and zip ties, he said.
Police initially said the male suspect was the only person injured in the incident at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue, site of the Port Authority bus terminal and subway stop. But the New York City Fire Department later provided an update to confirm the additional injuries.
Shortly before 8 a.m. ET, police said a blast was reported during the morning commute in Midtown.
After the explosion, subway trains were bypassing the Port Authority and adjacent Times Square stations, police said. The Port Authority bus terminal was temporarily closed.
President Trump "has been briefed on the explosion in New York City," White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said via a tweet.
This is a breaking news story. As often happens in situations like these, some information reported early may turn out to be inaccurate. We'll move quickly to correct the record and we'll only point to the best information we have at the time.
© Getty Images
When the Soviet Union started paying pensions in the early years of Josef Stalin's rule, the retirement age was set at 60 for men and 55 for women. It has not been raised since. Experts have urged change for decades, but squeamish politicians have balked. Vladimir Putin declared in 2005 that it would not go up as long as he was president.So it was with trepidation on June 14th, a month into Mr Putin's fourth presidential term, thatThey announced the move along with an increase in value-added tax from 18% to 20%, hoping to bury the bad news under the opening of the World Cup that day.Yet Russians have taken notice.according to a government pollster, Mr Putin's approval ratings dropped to "only" 72% on June 17th, levels not seen since before the annexation of Crimea.gripes Alexander Serukhin, a 55-year-old engineer in Pskov.Russia's pension problems begin, as in much of the world, with an aging population that is now once again living ever longer.Russia's retirement age is lower than in any of the OECD countries; among former Soviet republics, only Russia and Uzbekistan have not raised it since the USSR collapsed. Unhelpful demographic trends exert additional pressure, with a small generation born during Russia's turbulent 1990s now entering the workforce and having to help pay for a large post-war generation reaching retirement age., should significantly reduce the burden on the federal budget and allow for higher pensions to be paid. The pension fund currently sucks up subsidies worth about 2.5% of GDP. A study by a government think-tank estimates thatThe proposed changes will see the number of pensioners instead shrink to 35m by 2035.The government has promised that monthly pensions will go up by 1,000 roubles ($15) in 2019; officials say they could amount to 40% of salaries down the road. Yet many people remain skeptical of such promises, especially after the government wriggled its way out of mandated indexation by turning to one-time payments in recent years when inflation was high. Any increase in future pension payouts will depend on how the government divides the new savings between the federal budget and the pension system.First, large swathes ofsuch as miners and members of the military and security services. Second, the government has not dealt with theCrucially, the proposed changes do nothing to stimulate Russia's underdeveloped alternatives to its main pay-as-you-go pension system, the result of a widespread distrust of pension funds and cash savings.Whether the age rise will improve the lot of average people remains to be seen. With the change beginning in 2019, many will have little time to plan. Those caught in the transition may encounter trouble staying employed: job-retraining programmes are underdeveloped and age discrimination in hiring is widespread.Mass protests followed the last major changes to the pension system in 2005, when the government turned a raft of benefits for pensioners into cash payments that for many did not nearly add up to the lost entitlements. Yet sustained unrest this time is unlikely. The middle-aged workers who are most affected tend to be passive and risk-averse.This may leave the president room to play the saviour, perhaps by introducing an amendment softening the proposal. Regardless, the move is certain to deepen distrust of the authorities. For many, like Alexander Mikhalev, who makes watersports goods in Perm, where male life-expectancy is just 63 years, it is a sign that he can rely only on himself. "I'll work as long as my health allows it," he says. "I don't expect any gifts from fate, and what's more not from the state."
The Enforcement Directorate had earlier this month opposed the bail plea of Moin Qureshi, saying he could hamper the ongoing investigation. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/ Mint
New Delhi: Controversial meat exporter Moin Qureshi was on Tuesday granted bail by a Delhi court in a money laundering case. Special judge Arun Bharadwaj, who had reserved the order on Qureshi's application on 4 December, gave him the relief on a personal bond of Rs2 lakh and a surety of a like amount.
The Enforcement Directorate had earlier this month opposed the bail plea of Qureshi, saying he could hamper the ongoing investigation, after which the court had reserved its verdict. ED special counsel N K Matta had alleged that Qureshi, arrested on 25 August, should not be granted the relief as the allegations levelled against him were grave and there were chances that he may flee from justice if enlarged on bail.
In his bail application, the accused had told the court that no purpose would be served by keeping him in further custody. He had said that the probe in the case was over and he was not required further by the ED.
The ED had earlier claimed in the court that “the witnesses have confirmed in their statements that they have delivered crores of rupees for Qureshi and his associates through his employees.” The agency had also alleged that Qureshi was involved in hawala transactions through Delhi-based hawala operators Parvez Ali of Turkman Gate and M/s South Delhi Money Changer (DAMINI) in Greater Kailash-1.
According to the agency, Qureshi was arrested under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) a was “not cooperating in the probe”.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate claims England supporters will NEVER love him.
Southgate fears Three Lions fans still have not forgotten that infamous penalty miss in Euro 96 and his part in other international failures as a player.
Now England boss Southgate is convinced, however, that the team can win back the fans after clinching their place at the World Cup finals next summer with a game to spare.
The former defender said: “For me, the love of the England fans... they might find it difficult to find much love for me with my history with England! I've managed to shoulder that for 20 years.
(Image: Allsport/Getty)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images)
“My job, my first objective, is to get the country to a World Cup finals. Then make the team as good as we possibly can and that's what I intend to.
“Although I'm not certain I'm standing here thinking ‘Wow! Isn't it brilliant to have qualified for a World Cup? I'm feeling all the love.'
(Image: Daily Mirror)
“But I get it. I get it.
“I go back to I think picking up the consequences of decades of disappointment and this group are nowhere near as experienced as most of those teams. The hope is that people get behind them and give them a chance.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
England's win over Slovenia on Thursday secured their long-inevitable qualification but did little to fill the nation with confidence of a strong challenge at Russia 2018.
While the Three Lions have built a remarkable 38-game unbeaten record in qualifying matches, they last went beyond the quarter-finals of a World Cup at Italia 90.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
But Southgate insists that he is proud of his achievement in winning the group — and is sure the players can make the nation proud next summer.
He added: “I go back to: The objective is to qualify. We have done that. Sorry. The first objective is to qualify and we have done that.
“I am massively proud to have led my country to a World Cup. Massively proud, and nothing will take that away.
“I have the opportunity to do something that very few people have done in their lives - to lead their country to a World Cup.
“I want to take us as far as I possibly can. I want to build a team that the country are proud of.
“I get how they are feeling about us at the moment but I also believe in the potential of these players.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal have offered Aaron Ramsey a new deal to stop the Wales star entering the last year of his contract.
The four-year deal would lift the midfielder's earnings alongside recent signings Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan on around £170,000-a-week.
Ramsey, 27, joined the Gunners in 2008 and starred in Wales' run to the semi-finals at Euro 2016.
With Unai Emery joining the club and a new contract team in place, Arsenal are keen to prevent players running down their contracts like Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil last season.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: PA)
Speaking on the Wales tour to North America earlier this week, Ramsey hinted he would be staying.
“I think it's an exciting time for the club," Ramsey said. "I can't wait to get back there now.”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
PSG boss Unai Emery has revealed his interest in signing Kylian Mbappe - and urged the striker to stay in France.
Mbappe has attracted interest from the likes of Arsenal, Liverpool and Real Madrid after a stunning season with Monaco.
He is set to hold talks with the Ligue 1 champions over a move with a fee in the region of £100m mooted for the teenager.
Mbappe was born in Bondy, on the suburbs of Paris, and Emery believes a return to the French capital would be ideal.
“With all respect to Monaco, he should come to Paris, he has family here. His parents live here, he went to an academy here," Emery said.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: AFP)
"When we speak of Mbappe, we talk about Real or Barça. But I'm at PSG and I say: ‘What could be more beautiful than representing a French team?'
“I don't know if Real like him, or if Barcelona do or Tottenham or Arsenal do.
"But if he has to leave Monaco, I say: ‘What is better for him, for France, for PSG, that there be a union between the player and his city."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Emery's comments come after Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas admitted he would rather sell Alexandre Lacazette to PSG than a Premier League club.
Arsenal have also been linked with the French striker, who is available for around £60million.
Aulas revealed he would rather strengthen another side in France than the top-flight lose its top talent to other countries.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Home Office sent a Windrush migrant a 'disgusting' letter, threatening him with deportation within seven days, after living in Britain for 51 years.
The man was sent the letter three years ago, and has been living in fear of deportation ever since.
The letter, revealed on Twitter by his MP, David Lammy, told the man he faced 'removal' because he was unable to “show evidence of lawful entry because you cannot produce the passport on which you claim to have entered the UK.”
Mr Lammy said his constituent had come to Britain from Jamaica in the 1960s.
He wrote: "He has shown me his letter from the Home Office telling him that he will be deported despite having a National Insurance card from 1974 & NHS documentation from 1964."
Mr Lammy demanded Home Secretary Amber Rudd "sort this" today.
He said: "Why is my constituent being treated like an illegal immigrant despite providing documentation from 1964? This is an outrageous miscarriage of justice. Grant him his citizenship and passport.
And he added: "I have had 6 Windrush cases come in this morning already at it is only half past 11.
"Each case is heartbreaking and an utterly shameful indictment of this government. I am so angry at the way my constituents have been treated.
"The scale of this crisis is absolutely unfathomable."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Amber Rudd announced yesterday that the process for Windrush migrants confirming their citizenship will be simplified, and fees waived, in the wake of the scandal.
She promised that they would not be required to show documents they don't have, or perform language or tests about life in the UK.
Ms Rudd told the House of Commons fees for any children of the Windrush generation who need to apply for naturalisation and charges associated with returning to the UK for people who have retired to their countries of origin after making their lives here would also be waived.
(Image: South Wales Echo)
Windrush generation to be given 'free citizenship' Government announces
She acknowledged that measures to tackle illegal immigration from all governments have had an "unintended and sometimes devastating" impact on people from the Windrush generation who are here legally but have struggled to get documentation to prove their status.
She told the House of Commons: "We were too slow to realise there was a group of people that needed to be treated differently".
VARMLAND, Sweden – A rare white moose captured on film in Sweden has people around the world mesmerized.
Rare white moose spotted in Sweden pic.twitter.com/jwPayHmzmC — BBC News (World) (@BBCWorld) August 13, 2017
According to the BBC, there are only about 100 of the white moose in the country.
“The moose aren't albino, but grow white fur from a genetic mutation,” the BBC reported.
Albino animals are pure white with pink or red eyes.
People on Twitter said it looked like a creature out of a mythical tale like “Game of Thrones” or “Lord of the Rings.”
“The Night King spotted on his way to Vasteras in central Sweden. Winter is here,” Sebastian Larsson wrote.
It's so majestic and big! I can see Gandalf the White or Galadrial from LOTR riding it. It must've been adorable as a baby moose😍😍😍 https://t.co/SIekb9Gij8 — Moe Irwin (@Moe_Irwin) August 13, 2017
“It's the deer god from Princess Mononoke,” another person commented.
With all the craziness we have in the world right now, it's a nice reminder that there are still things calm and majestic. https://t.co/FsOA4XTJ6M — Christina Mullins (@HRBabe) August 13, 2017
It's not known whether the twin white calves are albino or piebald moose, which are white with a few small brown specks.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The cyclist who was left in a critical condition after a crash involving Southampton striker Charlie Austin has spoken out about the incident.
Anthony Grey underwent an emergency operation to insert a metal plate in his spine after being hit by Austin's Bentley.
Grey, who was riding without a helmet, also suffered injuries to his head, neck and toes and has revealed he lost his memory after the incident.
Former QPR striker Austin voluntarily attended an interview earlier this month.
A police statement confirmed Austin had admitted to "driving without due care and attention".
He now has the option of either attending a driver awareness course or attending court.
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: Getty Images)
Grey admits he was in "excruciating" pain after the incident and could have been left paralysed.
"I could not move my legs or my upper body at all. I had to wear a neck collar and body brace. The surgeons have fixed it though and have done an incredible job," he told the Daily Echo.
Before emergency services arrived at the scene, Grey was told Austin got out of his car to help him.
The 37-year-old now wants to meet Austin to find out the details of what happened.
“I have what the police said and nothing more. In my head I need to understand what happened and figure it out and the only one who can help me is Charlie Austin," he added.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Michael Steele)
Grey was also issued with a fixed penalty notice for riding through a traffic light.
He added: "I don't blame anyone. We were both there and we both made a mistake. It has changed my life but I have made it a positive. I feel like I have been given a second chance."
A spokesman for Southampton suggested to the Daily Echo that contact had been made between both parties.
© DeKalb County Police / Twitter
"[The motorcycle] just fell in,"
"It was like a dip."
"The roadway just started getting higher and higher,"
"I'm not sure if something shifted underneath."
"That's a heck of a place in the road for this to happen,"
"More work for the DOT."
"It does not ignite
"It takes something to cause something like that to burn. It is a high-density plastic that is not combustible."
The highway system in Atlanta, Georgia has taken another hit ‒ its second in less than four hours ‒ as Interstate 20 buckled due to a construction mishap on an underground gas line. One motorist is in critical condition.A motorcyclist who was going 55mph crashed when the road buckled, eyewitness Greg Phillips told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.Phillips said.The large crack occurred in the High Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) lane between the Flat Shoals Road exit and the Gresham Road overpass, WSB reported. The buckling is 2-3 feet high, witnesses said.Phillips said.The Hazmat truck was not supposed to be driving inside the perimeter on the downtown connector, Atlanta police said. The driver of the car, Mitchell Epstein, was driving on a suspended license. The truck driver, Matthew Bowden, was given a citation for violating a Department of Transportation (DOT) restriction on the roadway.Travel times in Atlanta were already at an all-time high after a massive fire caused I-85 to collapse three weeks ago. The cause was determined to be arson.Basil Eleby, 39, has been charged with first-degree arson for starting the fire, but his attorneys have blamed the Georgia DOT for storing construction materials under the bridge for years, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported. Georgia DOT Commissioner Russell R. McMurry has denied the accusations.," he said.
Amara La Negra On Her Roots, Miami Reality And Barbecue
Enlarge this image toggle caption Marisa Arbona-Ruiz/NPR Marisa Arbona-Ruiz/NPR
Amara La Negra is a force of nature.
She is in the midst of an explosive spurt of activity that includes wrapping up the first season of the VH1 reality show Love & Hip Hop Miami; a tour that she squeezed in-between seasons of the show; and a grueling schedule of performances and interviews at the annual South By Southwest Festival that she jammed into that tour. On top of all of that, she just released a new song, which she shared with us for this podcast.
When I offered her a chance to do a Guest DJ session, she initially hesitated — but just for a moment. As we sat down at a table on the back patio of Franklin Barbeque in East Austin, she said: "My manager is a pescetarian and I'm trying to be good, but this is too good to pass up!"
Our conversation flowed as freely as the barbecue sauce — in it, she reflected on the unrelenting pace-of-life for an artist taking every opportunity to spread her music, and to educate folks about her Afro-Latinx roots.
A large number of 'No Standing' signs have been installed along Seven Mile Beach Rd, Broken Head have wiped out a majority of parking spots.
A large number of 'No Standing' signs have been installed along Seven Mile Beach Rd, Broken Head have wiped out a majority of parking spots. Contributed
PARKING has been wiped out along a popular Byron Shire beachfront after extreme measures have been rolled out by Byron Shire Council to stamp out illegal camping.
Last week, Byron Shire Council installed about 132 'no stopping' signs along the Seven Mile Beach Rd, a main access point to three Broken Head beaches.
"People visiting Seven Mile Beach will have to park their cars at Whites Beach and either walk or ride their bikes to Seven Mile,” the council's spokeswoman said.
Locals have been left confused at the move and criticised the council's broad-brush ban at the cost of community access to beaches.
"Thanks illegal campers. You can no longer park at end of Seven Mile Beach Rd and neither can we,” Peter Watts wrote on Facebook.
A large number of 'No Standing' signs have been installed along Seven Mile Beach Rd, Broken Head have wiped out a majority of parking spots. Contributed
Byron man and world adaptive surfing champion, Mark 'Mono' Stewart, is among those left puzzled.
"I don't know what (Byron Shire Council) are thinking,” Mr Stewart said.
"There's no car parking. Not one (spot).
"Maybe it just got too hard.”
He sent a stern message to illegal campers to look elsewhere if they are not willing to pay to stay.
"Why should people have the exception to go to a town they can't afford,” he said.
"There are places I can't go because I can't afford it.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It is a massive game against Shrewsbury on Saturday for Bristol Rovers - we know they are a quality side.
But it is going to be a great atmosphere at the Memorial Stadium, Rovers are in good form and I expect them to give Shrewsbury a really good game and I expect it to be a really entertaining game of football as well.
Rovers are more than capable of winning against Shrewsbury and it would not only be a statement it would completely solidify their position in midtable and send out a message to the rest of League One that Rovers' season is not over but any stretch of the imagination.
I think Bristol Rovers have done okay in this transfer window.
They have signed Kyle Bennett from Portsmouth and Tony Craig from Millwall.
What struck me first was their ages, Craig 32, Bennett 27, so some players with some real experience.
I remember Tony Craig from Brentford - he is a really good leader, a good character and will have a positive influence on the players around him as well.
Bennett is a wide player, not a great goalscorer but lively, and he is vastly experienced at this level.
I just feel that is the ingredient, experience, that manager Darrell Clarke has been looking for to help the team and the players as individuals as well.
So it is good news for the supporters.
I am not surprised they haven't brought in a striker because if you can't get the right man then there is no point bringing anyone in.
I have been at too many clubs where people are saying ‘we have got to sign a striker, we have got to sign a striker' and we just get the last one available and he wasn't good enough.
So if you can't get who you want then focus on other areas and to be fair Rory Gaffney and Ellis Harrison have been doing well this season.
It's interesting that both of the late deals were free transfers - some of the best signings I ever did were free transfers.
The board love a free transfer and there are lots of players out there who become free transfer just because managers know they can be successful at another club, but their time is just up at their club.
And I hope these two players are exactly the same - that they were not getting their opportunities at their previous clubs and needed a new challenge.
If players are allowed to leave on free transfers it normally means they are good lads which is hopefully the case with these players.
They are eligible to play on Saturday so hopefully we will see them in action in a win against Shrewsbury.
“I'm obsessed with wool,” says Sigrid. “I come from a very cold country, so this heat is a lot to take.”
The Norwegian singer is speaking from the first weekend of Coachella, where she made her debut with a 50-minute Saturday set. It's her first time in the desert and already, Sigrid, née Sigrid Solbakk Raabe, is in awe — of the outfits.
“It's a lot of interesting stuff,” she says, donning a light T-shirt, wrap skirt and Chanel sneakers. Wool, unfortunately, would not have cut it in the nearly 90-degree weather.
Last year, the 21-year-old released “Don't Kill My Vibe,” a four-song offering of pop anthems that received so much attention, it ultimately won her BBC's Sound of 2018 Award. The EP's title track also found a fan in Lorde, who included it on her “Homemade Dynamite” playlist on Spotify.
“She's lovely,” says Sigrid of Lorde. “I really like her music and it was very cool that she added my song to her playlist ‘cause I had been listening to her music whilst making my piece.”
Now at work on her debut album, Sigrid says she's seeking inspiration — even at Coachella. She calls her recording process “not spontaneous,” adding that she prefers working with voice memos. “When I'm at a show, I pick up my phone and I try to record harmonies, vocal hooks I come up with by listening to other artists, so that has happened here at Coachella, listening to other acts,” she says. “Whenever my friend says something cool and especially if my team says something, like a cool line in English, I'll write it down and maybe I'll rephrase or use in a different way or something. I'm quite obsessed with words. That's the way I work.”
She grew up in a household that loved listening to Neil Young, but credits Coldplay's “A Rush of Blood to the Head” with making her want to make pop music. So far, reception towards her has been promising: She's garnered tens of millions of views on her YouTube alone, even without a full album out.
Style-wise, Sigrid insists that she likes to stay comfortable. “It's all about feeling some slight connection to home,” she says. When asked for her thoughts on the fashions of her country, she replies, “Scandinavia can be quite fashionable. I've heard that Norway tends to be more glamorous — this is not fact, it's just what I've heard. And then Danish, they're quite colorful and the Swedes are very minimalistic. But that blend in how we affect each other and are inspired by each other, it's very cool.”
Having caught the eye of a few fashion publications already, Sigrid adds that she's enjoyed being able to “try on really extravagant clothes” and sees fashion as “a form of art.” But as form follows function, the budding singer will always opt to “feel comfortable in my own skin.”
More from WWD.com:
They Are Wearing: Beychella 2018
Kelela On Festivals, Fashion and the Business of Being Progressive
MORE women are rising to the challenge of Australian Ninja Warrior as the hit obstacle course series returns for a second season.
The six females who made it to the semi-finals last year are back, and hot on their heels are more women who have taken up Ninja training as inspired by Andrea Hah, who conquered the warped wall, and former gymnast Olivia Vivian.
It's inspiring for returning co-host Rebecca Maddern, who was expecting her first child during filming. She and husband Trent Miller welcomed their daughter Ruby into the world a few months ago.
"The women are phenomenal this year," she says.
"It is really extraordinary to witness; what an example to set not just for their kids but for other mums out there.
"On some occasions I got tears in my eyes... it's so empowering to watch that happen in front of you.
There are so many great things that have happened for females in Australian sport in the past two years and this is just another addition to that."
Rebecca Maddern returns to call all the thrills and spills in season two of Australian Ninja Warrior. Stuart Bryce
Viewers will see plenty of other familiar faces - including Mount Isa's 'deadly ninja' Jack Wilson, the Ravi brothers, Ben Polson and season one finalist Luke Williams - with 90% of last year's contestants applying for season two.
"These people were so good in season one. I didn't think it was possible to get fitter and better, but some of our returning heroes are fitter and better than last year and that has blown me away," Maddern says.
"These people had six packs last year and now they have 12 packs (laughs)."
With more competitors, a longer course, and more semi-finals and grand final stages, Ninja Warrior promises more high-flying thrills and spills.
Ninja Warrior: Farmer builds his own Ninja course
"We sit back and do marvel at what these competitors do. It's easier this year (for us as hosts), but in saying that there are things that have happened that we never would have predicted," she says.
"There are some shocks, which make for a great TV show. There is no script to this. They stand there, the buzzer goes off and we don't know what happens next.
"More often than not when you think this person is on a roll they'll slip up and it's all over. You really go on the course with them, riding very bump and grasp and jolt.
"The underlying theme of those whole show is 'I'm going to give this a go'. I think that makes up so much of the Australian psyche and this is just extrapolating that. It's about fitness, health, giving it a go, setting yourself a goal and achieving that goal, and if you don't then try harder and improve yourself."
Season two of Australian Ninja Warrior premieres on Sunday at 7pm on Channel 9.
The matter will be next heard on 1 May. Photo: HT
New Delhi: The Election Commission made a “patent error of law” in granting the India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam's (AIADMK) “two leaves” party symbol to the rival faction led by Tamil Nadu chief minister E. K. Palaniswami and deputy CM O. Panneerselvam on the basis of a “majority test”, Delhi high court was told on Tuesday.
A bench comprising justices G.S. Sistani and Sangita Dhingra Sehgal was hearing a plea moved by the “ousted” AIADMK leaders T.T.V. Dhinakaran and Sasikala challenging a 23 November 2017 order of the Election Commission, which had allotted the symbol to the Panneerselvam-Palaniswami camp for holding majority support in the party's legislative wing.
Counsel for Dhinakaran, Abhishek Manu Singhvi argued that the Commission should not have relied solely on a majority test, especially when the primary members of the party were not taken in consideration to determine the support for either faction.
The Commission ought to have applied two other tests as well—a ‘Constitution of party' test and an ‘Aim and Objective' test, in order to form a holistic opinion, Singhvi submitted.
It was submitted that a faction that abrogated the Constitution of the AIADMK party by repealing the post of party general secretary, which forms the “heart and soul” of the party, could not have passed this “holistic” test.
Singhvi further submitted that the Commission should have “fixed an anchor” with respect to a deadline for submission of proof of support, instead of extending it time and again from March 2017 to September 2017, thereby “helping (the rival faction) in creating a majority.”
After the death of Jayalalithaa on 5 December 2016, AIADMK split into two factions, one led by Sasikala-Dhinakaran-Panneerselvam and the other by Palaniswami. Later, Panneerselvam and Palaniswami joined hands to oust Sasikala and Dhinakaran.
After freezing the party's ‘two-leaves' symbol for a brief period, the Commission in November last year allotted the symbol to the Panneerselvam-Palaniswami faction on the grounds that they enjoyed the support of the majority of members in the legislative and organizational wings.
On 28 March, the Supreme Court asked the acting chief justice of the Delhi high court to constitute a division bench to adjudicate on the dispute before April-end, while staying an order of the Delhi high court allowing Dhinakaran to use a common poll symbol and a suitable party name for his faction as an interim measure.
The matter will be next heard on 1 May.
Forensic Search Dogs Sniff Out Human Ashes In Wildfire Wreckage
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas Nash/nashpix.com Thomas Nash/nashpix.com
When Kathy Lampi's mom died of cancer last June, she placed the velvet bag filled with her mom's ashes on a shelf in her china cabinet. Lampi thought that was a fitting place for her mom to rest until she could plan a proper burial.
Then in October the Northern California fires reduced Lampi's two-story house in Santa Rosa to six inches of rubble. Her mom's ashes were now mixed in with the ashes of her sofa and front door.
"I thought, 'Well, geez, I better get somebody out here to try and find her,' " Lampi said when she thought of the Army Corps of Engineers coming to clear the wreckage from her lot. "I didn't want her to go to a landfill."
Enter the archaeologists and forensic search dogs. Alex DeGeorgey and Mike Newland, both archaeology consultants in the Northern San Francisco Bay, joined forces with Echo, an English Labrador, and Annie, a Belgian Malinois, from the Institute for Canine Forensics, to look for lost urns and human cremains in the wildfire wreckage.
"We start imprinting them at a very young age and introducing that target odor," said Kris Black, Annie's trainer. "I feed her when she finds what her target source is."
In this case, human bone.
The typical jobs for dogs from the institute have been on Native American tribal lands, looking for lost burial sites. They've been on special missions looking for the remains of Amelia Earhart and members of the Donner Party. This fall is the first time these kinds of dogs have been used to recover human ashes from wildfire disaster sites.
The dogs are brought into each wreckage site one at a time. At the remains of Kathy Lampi's home, Echo, the English Labrador, went first. She sniffed around, her nose gliding over the ground with the speed and grace of an ice skater. When she found what she was looking for, she lay down next to it.
"There's my alert," said Karen Atkinson, Echo's handler, as Echo rested by the remaining bricks of the front stairway. "So she's telling me she's made her decision."
Echo went back to the truck, and Annie, the Belgian Malinois, did the search again from scratch, to try and guard against false positives. She lay down in the same spot Echo picked.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas Nash/nashpix.com Thomas Nash/nashpix.com
Once the dogs have narrowed down the site, the archeologists zero in. DeGeorgey and Newland zipped up their full-body Tyvex suits, grabbed their trowels and started digging.
"We're looking for a pocket of ash that's homogenous," DeGeorgey said through a protective face mask. "It's usually kind of a reddish brown."
Sometimes, they find it. A discrete pile of red ash, with bits of bone or teeth in it. But 10 minutes in, DeGeorgey sighed. He said this is one of the hardest recoveries they've worked on.
"The deal here is, we're trying to find ashes within ashes," he said. "It's not always that definitive."
So far, the archeologist-canine teams have recovered nearly 50 sets of ashes from the wreckage of the Wine Country fires. But their efforts are all volunteer and they've been limited to working on the weekends. DeGeorgey thinks there are hundreds, maybe thousands more.
"I'm sure the scale of this issue is really an epidemic," DeGeorgey said. "There are hundreds, if not thousands, of cremains in these burnt-out homes that are ending up in toxic waste sites."
The process they've developed to identify cremains is new and not part of the cleanup protocol for FEMA or the Army Corps of Engineers. DeGeorgey said it should be. He wants these services to be available to victims of the wildfires in Ventura and San Diego counties, and any future fire, hurricane or earthquake.
DeGeorgey said when a disaster happens and people start filling out paperwork associated with insurance claims, one question should be: Did you have human remains in the house? If yes, he said it should trigger the cremains search process.
On site, DeGeorgey noticed Newland sweeping a lighter pocket of ash from Kathy Lampi's stairway into a dustpan.
"What Michael's showing us looks pretty good," DeGeorgey said.
"A lot of it's almost a texture thing," Newland said, rubbing some ash between his fingers. "You can see how finely powdered this is."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Thomas Nash /nashpix.com Thomas Nash /nashpix.com
DeGeorgey scooped the ash into a gallon-size Ziploc bag. Annie came out for one last sniff around the site and immediately plopped down next to the bag. Kathy and her family cheered.
"You're hired!" DeGeorgey joked, then walked the bag over to Lampi.
"Here's your mom," he said.
"Thank you very much," Lampi said. "There she is. Wow."
Lampi tucked the Ziploc bag under her arm.
"It's nice to know that she's been found, and now we can do the right burial for her," she said. "I think everybody in the family wants to be able to go where she is and be with her."
Finance minister Arun Jaitley is likely to present Union Budget 2018 on 1 February. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
New Delhi: Representatives of the IT industry on Monday urged finance minister Arun Jaitley to address the barriers which the domestic investors face in international markets so that they are treated on par with their foreign counterparts.
Suggestions from the representatives of IT associations like ELCINA (Electronic Industries Association of India), MAIT (Manufacturers' Association for Information Technology) and TEMA (Telecom Equipment Manufacturers Association of India) were presented at the sixth round of pre-budget consultations. The software industry was represented by Nasscom, Infosys Ltd and Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.
“Domestic investors in the start-up ecosystem are treated differently from foreign investors and they are at a disadvantage whether in the case of angel tax or in the case of long-term capital gains tax and also the duration for which the investment has to be in place for it to be considered as long term capital gains tax,” Nasscom president R. Chandrashekhar told reporters outside the finance ministry after the meeting. Chandrashekhar completes his term in March 2018.
“Tax notices which have been issued recently to a few companies do not recognize IT services as exports because of some interpretation. The government has clarified in today's meeting that the situation has been corrected and suitable advisories have been issued,” added Chandrashekhar.
He said issues related to Place of Effective Management (POEM), service tax, and tax refunds have also been discussed. “There were issues raised with regards to transfer pricing and the manner in which it should be treated and again the suggestion was that other than mandatorily treating the amount as a loan, there should be other options as applicable in OECD countries to be made available to the companies.”
The IT representatives (hardware and software) pointed out that considering some recent protectionist and discriminatory policies followed by other countries, the IT sector would need government's help at policy level to ensure combat visa restrictions issues as also to ensure our economic interests, an official statement from the ministry said.
“We have asked the government that goods and services tax (GST) should be used as a tool to benefit the manufacturers bound by IT Agreement,” Pankaj Gulati, president of ELCINA, said after the meeting. He has also sought imposition of duty on those technology and telecom products which fall outside the purview of IT Agreement signed by India. Such a move would boost domestic IT and telecom manufacturing in the country, he said.
Earlier during the day, Jaitley met leading economists and said that the government have been able to achieve these fiscal targets due to focus on expenditure rationalization, plugging of loopholes in public expenditure through Direct Benefit Transfer Scheme (DBT) and the Public Financial Management System (PFMS), and by making innovative revenue raising efforts, among others.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The devastated older brother of three young children killed in a house fire has described the moment he tried desperately to save them.
Demi Pearson, 14, Brandon, eight, and Lacie, seven, died after a blaze broke out a family home in Manchester at 5am on Monday morning.
Speaking about the horrific incident, Kyle told the Manchester Evening News: "I fell asleep and the next thing I knew I could hear my mum screaming, ‘Fire!'
"There was lots of smoke so I climbed out of an upstairs window.
"I've gone to get back in but a cloud of smoke hit me in the face.
"I can't get my head around it. It's disgraceful.
"I tried to break the front door down and smashed a window, but I couldn't get in because of the flames and the smoke."
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: ENTERPRISE NEWS AND PICTURES)
Kyle, 16, escaped the blaze after climbing out of an upstairs window.
He said he tried to fight his way back inside but was beaten back by flames and smoke.
Kyle's friend Bobby Harris also managed to escape through an upstairs window.
A nearby neighbour said she heard screaming and banging last night and she believed at first it was a domestic.
She described the street as being "quite loud".
Greater Manchester Police have launched a murder investigation into the blaze and two people have been arrested.
Mum Michelle Pearson, 35, is seriously ill and three-year-old Lia remains in a critical condition in hospital.
Kyle paid tribute to his family members saying: "Demi was a top girl, very funny. Brandon was very clever and doing well at school. He was brainy.
"He loved playing computer games and he was looking forward to Christmas."
Of Lacie, he said: "She was the same, clever."
Five people have been arrested in connection with the fire.
We are only one short week away from the solar eclipse!
If, like me, you're excited to view the eclipse, early indications look like the weather may cooperate. (yay!)
With the big event quickly approaching you may be searching for a way to enjoy the event or the get the kids involved.
Thankfully there are plenty of events all over Michigan you can attend. Below are just a few:
Robert T. Longway Planetarium is hosting The Eclipse Experience. The event is Monday, August 21 from 11 AM- 4 PM. All ages are welcome and the event is free to attend. It includes free telescope observing, outdoor activities for kids, and a live stream of the eclipse in the dome. There is a show called Eclipse: The Sun Revealed that will run at 12:30 and 3:30 PM. The show does cost money. $6 for adults and $4 for kids age 2-11 and seniors. Solar eclipse glasses will also be available for $1 while supplies last. Delta College Planetarium and Learning Center is hosting: Solar Eclipse Viewing Planetarium Special. The event will be Monday, August 21 from 1-3 PM. The planetarium will have solar telescopes set up so you can get an up close look at the moon as it eclipses the sun. There will also be a live stream of the eclipse through NASA. It is free to attend. If you're willing to drive at bit The Michigan Science Center in Detroit will be hosting a number of hands-on-activities for kids. You can join amateur astronomers in safely looking at the sun with telescopes as the earth falls in the shadow of the moon beginning around noon. They will also have a live stream of the eclipse in the Toyota Engineering Theater from 11:30 AM-5 PM. They will also host a Pinhole Solar Viewer workshop where they will demonstrate how to use simple household items to create a safe way to view the eclipse. There will also be a few shows for purchase at the Planetarium. Admission is the only cost to attend. Albion College in Albion, MI is also hosting a free 2017 Solar Eclipse viewing. The event will run from 1-3:30 PM on Monday, August 21 on the roof of Palenske Hall at the college. The college's astronomy club will have telescopes set up on the roof of the building for people to view. The club will also have a limited number of glasses available to view the eclipse. Another bit of a drive, but the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor will host an eclipse viewing at the Diag on the central campus. Museum staff and members of the U-M department of Astronomy will be on the Michigan Diag for viewing. They will have several viewing options available including telescopes, projections, and eclipse glasses. It is free from 1-4 PM. Kent District Library in East Grand Rapids will also be hosting an eclipse viewing party August 21 from 11 AM-2 PM. The library will offer eclipse glasses and there will also be games and activities for the kids. It is free to attend.
Of course, you don't even have to go somewhere to view the eclipse. You can step out your front door and look up (only with the proper protection of course!).
If you are interested in an event but don't want to drive you can always check with your local library for any local or nearby events.
As always if you plan to view the eclipse make sure you have the proper equipment or eclipse glasses to protect your eyes.
Only one week to go!
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman who accused a teenager of rape before text messages emerged that cleared his name has spoken out.
Connor Fitzgerald, 19, lost his job as a BT engineer and spent nearly three months behind bars after being accused of raping the woman.
However, he is now a free man after the charges against him were thrown out. The teen, from south London, was cleared after his family handed prosecutors text messages in which the alleged victim threatened to destroy him.
The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, reportedly said she sent him the threatening texts messages which said she'd 'ruin his life' because she was angry that he had moved on with a new girlfriend.
Speaking to The Sun, she said: "I said I wanted to 'ruin his life' in anger because I couldn't believe after being with me that he'd move on so quickly with someone else."
Admitting she sent the messages, she added: "Yes I did send them but I didn't realise they would be used as evidence to clear him."
She reportedly said that she has not heard from him since.
The explosive texts that helped clear Connor of raping a woman have been reported- including one where she threatened to "ruin" his life.
The woman sent a message to a pal saying: "I'm not just going to mess up his life, I'm going to ruin it lol."
(Image: Triangle News)
(Image: Triangle News)
Another message, sent to Connor himself, read: "See you in court."
She also threatened him: "If I can't have you, no one can". But other texts she sent to him included references to having enjoyed sex.
Connor was arrested in front of his stunned family after the woman alleged he filmed himself raping her following a night out.
The now-free teenager claimed that, in other threatening messages, the woman warned she would kill him and his partner.
He alleged: "She threatened me and my girlfriend and said she'd kill the both of them. She started messaging me all crazy stuff...
"And then it turned to 'I'm going to get you nicked for this'".
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Triangle News)
Screenshots from his phone show how the woman claimed to have enjoyed sex with him.
He messaged saying: "It felt sooo good being in bed with u again" to which she replied: "You know - you f****** me to sleep".
But after accusing him of attacking her, the woman sent chilling taunts including: "Well I'll see you in court".
The case echoes that of Liam Allan, 22, whose rape trial collapsed last month when cops discovered messages that cleared him.
The Met Police apologised to Mr Allan, and now the Fitzgerald family want to know how Connor was put in the same position.
Connor, of South Norwood, said the ordeal has "ruined" his life and left him terrified to leave his home "because everyone thinks I'm a rapist".
(Image: Triangle News)
He said: “It's been heartbreaking - it felt like I was guilty until proven innocent.
“My life has been ruined.
"I'm scared to even leave the house because everyone thinks I'm a rapist."
The woman claimed he raped her and videoed it after a boozy night out.
On November 1, sex crime cops burst into Connor's family home and arrested him in front of his mum and sister.
After Mr Allan's case came to light, the family asked if all the messages had been disclosed - after his brother found some of the texts on Connor's iCloud account.
But it was only last week that the case against the teenager was axed at Croydon Crown Court - the same court where Mr Allan's case was heard.
(Image: Triangle News)
Connor was denied bail and was held in Category B HMP High Down in Banstead, Surrey, from November 6 until January 22.
Now, he reportedly plans to sue police and the CPS.
He said: “I feel ashamed even though I've not done anything. It's nasty.
“I honestly think that if my brother hadn't found those texts and made the CPS aware, I would have ended up in prison for 12 years or more.
"The police are not securing enough rape convictions and because of that they are far too keen to go ahead with prosecutions that are flimsy at most."
A CPS spokesman said: “This case was charged in accordance with the threshold test, which is applied in serious cases where further evidence is expected to become available within a reasonable period.
“A decision to charge under the threshold test must be kept under review, and prosecutors are required to take account of any change in circumstances as a case develops.
(Image: Triangle News)
“In January 2018, police provided more material in this case. Upon review of that material, it was decided that there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction.
“We therefore decided to offer no evidence at a hearing at Croydon Crown Court on 22 January.
“In this case disclosure was dealt with on an ongoing basis and where appropriate, relevant disclosures made.”
A spokeswoman for Met Police added: “We are content with the investigation and our disclosure work, which was conducted in liaison with the CPS.
“During the course of the hearing there was no adverse comment from the judge about the police investigation.”
Hungary Reduces Number Of Asylum-Seekers It Will Admit To 2 Per Day
Enlarge this image toggle caption Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images
Hungary has quietly closed its borders to nearly all asylum seekers, which human rights advocates say violates international laws and is stranding thousands of refugee families in Serbia.
NPR interviewed asylum seekers, refugee advocates and a lawyer all with direct knowledge of the near closure and the resulting panic and despair. They report that since Jan. 22, Hungary is allowing only one asylum seeker per day to cross from Serbia into each of its two "transit zones."
The widely criticized zones – surrounded by barbed wire and dotted with shipping containers configured into living space — are the only places asylum seekers entering Hungary are allowed to go unless they already have refugee status from another EU country. U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi last September likened the transit zones to detention centers and called on Hungary to improve access for asylum seekers.
Now, access is reduced to two people per day. Critics of Hungarian refugee policy say what the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban and his ruling Fidesz Party is trying to do is boost approval ratings before parliamentary elections on April 8. They've adopted an anti-refugee platform that's been shaken by the recent revelation that Hungarian authorities approved twice as many asylum applications in 2017 than the year before.
The near closure of the border "is absolutely unbelievable," said Marta Pardavi, co-chair of the Hungarian Helsinki Committee. "This means only unaccompanied minors or single men can get in – no families whatsoever."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Soraya Nelson/NPR Soraya Nelson/NPR
Government denies imposing limits
The Hungarian government denies it is imposing any limit, but acknowledged few asylum seekers were entering the country as of late. At a weekly government press conference yesterday in Budapest, Janos Lazar, the head of the Hungarian prime minister's office, said immigration authorities can't help it if asylum seekers don't want to come.
"There is no such rule that they can take in one daily," he said. "But if there's [only] one man standing there, why should 10 customs officer[s] sit there?"
His claim of few takers is improbable given there are thousands of people trying to get into Hungary at the moment from Serbia.
UNHCR last month reported 4,196 new refugees, asylum-seekers in migrants in Serbia, of whom only one in nine are looking to stay there.
The NPR team interviewed three Hungary-bound asylum seekers in Serbia Friday alone.
One Afghan man who was walking with his 2 ½-year-old daughter to buy milk at a grocery store in Subotica, a 20-minute drive from the Serbian border with Hungary, said he's been waiting for four months at a refugee camp funded by Germany and that used to be a dog shelter.
"Everyone is afraid"
"All of us here are in despair. We are ready to scream, we are so upset. Our fates are unclear," he said, asking we not identify him or his family after a Serbian police officer drove up and harassed him for talking to NPR. He, his young daughter and 12-year-old son are trying to reunite with his wife, who is an asylum seeker in Frankfurt and who hasn't seen her children or husband in two years.
Fellow camp residents Sheerali Rezaie and his wife, Fatimeh, said they are at their wits' end. Going back to their volatile province of Daykundi in Afghanistan is out of the question and they have no choice but to keep trying to get to Hungary, he said. The couple, who were taking their daily walk outside the compound, are also trying to get to Germany with their two sons. Their eldest son is 23 and living in Munich, where he's applied for asylum, they said.
"This camp is hell," Sheerali Rezaie said. "The food is bad and there's nothing for us here."
He said now that only two people are being allowed into Hungary, "Everyone is afraid. We worry they'll close the gates forever and say, 'good-bye, take off.' "
Enlarge this image toggle caption Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images Attila Kisbenedek/AFP/Getty Images
Decline in asylum seekers since September 2015
Timea Kovacs, a Hungarian lawyer who represents refugees in the transit zones, said she's been bombarded with text messages and emails from asylum seekers stranded in Serbia since the near closure began.
They "are very worried," especially the families, she said. "Some of them were waiting there for more than one year."
She and the refugee advocates say the decline in the number of asylum seekers allowed into Hungary has been gradual since Budapest built its first fence in September 2015 to stem the flow of migrants crossing its formerly open border with Serbia.
Since then, the fence has been reinforced multiple times. It is a daunting barrier, outfitted with barbed wire, heat sensors, video cameras, and armed police patrols that quickly detect any attempted breech.
Kovacs says most asylum seekers now appear to accept the only way in is to enter the two transit zone camps outside the Hungarian border towns of Tompa and Roezske.
But those opportunities are dwindling. In 2016, 60 asylum seekers total were allowed to enter each day into the Hungarian transit zones; then it was reduced to 30. Last year it was 10, and now it's two.
Brussels, December 11 - EU countries will not follow the US in recognising Jerusalem as Israel's capital and move their embassies from Tel Aviv, EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs Federica Mogherini said Monday. "Premier Benyamin Netanyahu said this morning he expects other countries to move their embassies. He can keep his expectations for others, because this will not happen from EU countries," she said after meeting him. Over two hours of talks, Mogherini said, she and EU ministers had conveyed the "clear message" that the two-state solution was the only one possible. She also said restarting the peace process was a "top priority" for the EU.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Millions of families who are “just about managing” are on the tipping point of falling into poverty, a new report warns.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation said the number of people living below an adequate standard of living had increased by four million to 19million over the past six years.
The increase has been driven by rising living costs, while incomes have stagnated, research found.
The price of a minimum “basket of goods” has jumped by up to 30% since 2008, but average earnings have only gone up by half that amount, said the report.
Record employment is not enough to help families reach a so-called minimum income standard - calculated by the Centre for Research in Social Policy on what households need to have an acceptable standard of living.
Campbell Robb, chief executive of the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, said: “These stark figures show just how precarious life can be for many families.
Tory austerity plans will see taxes rise to "highest level for 30 years"
“Government focus on people on modest incomes is welcome, but it cannot be at the expense of those at the poorest end of the income scale. It must remember just about managing today can become poverty tomorrow.
“This could be a very difficult time for just managing families as rising inflation begins to bite into finely balanced budgets.
“The high cost of living has already helped push four million more people below an adequate income, and if the cost of essentials such as food, energy and housing rise further, we need to take action to ease the strain.
“The Government can help in next month's Budget by allowing families to keep more of their earnings and ensuring benefits and tax credits keep up with the rising cost of living.”
Matt Padley, of Loughborough University's Centre for Research in Social Policy, one of the report's authors, added: “Our report has shown a steady growth in the numbers of people with too little income.
“Unfortunately, the conditions to the end of the decade still look unfavourable for these groups.
“With forecasts of rising inflation, slowing wage growth combined with cuts to tax credits, the outlook is set to be highly challenging for families whose low incomes mean they are, at best, only just managing to make ends meet.”
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
I wonder how I'll cope with rising prices
Mum Helen Fisher is one of the millions of people who are “just about managing” – and worried that price increases could push her over the edge into financial trouble.
“I've got no money left to pay for anything other than the day-to-day essentials,” says Helen, 60, from Liverpool who lives with her 20-year-old daughter.
Almost every home faces council tax rise of up to £76 to pay for Tories' social care crisis
“I've been through tough times after losing my husband and having cancer. My boiler is on the blink but there's no way I can find £2,500 to replace it.”
Helen, who works for Liverpool Community Advice, adds: “I see people every day who are in the same boat wondering how they are going to cope with rising prices.”
Brexit vote pushes up inflation
Inflation has hit a two-and-a-half year high on the back of rising food and fuel prices.
The Consumer Price Index hit 1.8% last month – up from 1.6% in December amid the first signs of a “ Brexit squeeze” on living standards.
The Office for National Statistics said the rise was caused by sterling's dip and rising oil prices. The leap brings inflation near the Bank of England's 2% target and could lead to a rise in interest rates.
Ponds don't freeze the way they did 40 years ago.
At least that's Bud Brown's assessment.
“I remember them freezing solid enough to skate on safely … there were no parents or guardrails, you were very free,” Brown told The Press this week.
The 15-year Ridgefield resident is pushing to build a private winter sports club at the site of the Pinchbeck Nursery on Peaceable Street. Dubbed the “Ridgefield Winter Club,” the unofficial proposal has drawn both the support and ire from neighbors and the extended community.
While the Pinchbeck Nursery lies in a residential zone, the Ridgefield Winter Club (RWC) would be allowed to operate there if it obtains a special permit from the town's Planning and Zoning Department.
Residents opposed to the club's location proposed an amendment to the town's zoning regulations, which would eliminate “private clubs” from the list of permitted uses for special permits in a residential zone.
That matter will go before a public hearing Tuesday, Sept. 5.
While Brown did not say when he would submit a formal plan for the club to the town's zoning office, he stressed that he wants to make sure all of the community concerns about the project are addressed.
On Monday, Aug. 7, he walked the site and shared his vision of preserving some the property's history.
“I want to keep this building here as part of the history of the nursery,” Brown said, gesturing to a stone greenhouse almost completely grown-over with ivy.
“And there's going to be an apple orchard here for privacy,” he added, standing by the roadside.
Peacekeepers
Critics of Brown's plan have been particularly vocal, with neighboring residents of the proposed site on Peaceable Street emerging as the loudest opponents.
“Let's keep our neighborhood peaceable,” reads the main page of a website created by Peaceable Neighbors Alliance (PNA). “An ambitious private sports club threatens to alter the Peaceable Street neighborhood with traffic, noise, lights, and environmental stress.”
Jeff Hansen, an Old South Salem Road resident who helped filed the application to remove “private clubs” from the list of permitted uses by special permit in residential zoning, spoke to The Press this week about Brown's plans.
“The proposal seems a little strange,” he said. “There are other commercial zones that are in the woods.”
‘The silent majority'
When asked about other sites that might cause less contention among town residents, Brown said only that they had looked at other sites, but had determined the Peaceable Street site seemed like the best location.
The hubbub raised around the RWC was enough for Brown to recently enlist the help of Public Strategy Group Inc., a Massachusetts-based public relations firm, headed by Al Maiorino, who got his start working on political campaigns.
“Our approach aims to educate and identify citizen advocates,” Public Strategy's website states. “Community members that all too often would otherwise remain as the ‘silent majority.'”
Brown was quick to point to a ‘“silent majority” in his interview with the Press.
“Since our launch, we've had great feedback,” he said, pointing out that the Facebook page started for the the RWC had garnered 300 likes.
Maiorino quickly put out a press release on behalf of the club, citing some of the community concerns posted on the PNA website.
“The RWC will use proven lighting technology to keep all of the light on the RWC property,” Maiorino wrote. “[RWC] will use measures intended to eliminate any potential noise effects outside of the property lines; keep all parking on-property; and care for the local environment.”
Membership
Brown acknowledged that part of the RWC's appeal to residents is its status as a private club.
Though Ridgefield already has one skating rink— the Winter Garden Ice Arena on Prospect Ridge, Brown took pains to point out how his winter club would offer a different experience.
“I think we're very different,” Brown said, pointing out that the Winter Garden skate rink sells hourly time on the ice, whereas the RWC will have a business-model based on membership.
Brown would not give an estimate as to how much a membership to the Winter Club would cost, though he speculated that it would depend on the number of members who signed up.
Brown's proposal estimates around 275 club members.
Residents of Peaceable Street are less than thrilled with the proposed club's private-membership status.
“A members-only club contributes no value to the larger community,” the PNA website reads.
Working at the club
One of Brown's selling points for the project is the promise of new jobs.
According to the RWC official website that launched in late July, as many as 20 new jobs could be brought into the community.
Brown said that a majority of those new jobs would likely be seasonal work, not full-time positions.
When asked about potentially hiring high school students, he said that there would be “various opportunities for all those [age] demographics.”
For his part, Brown is optimistic about the project's future, despite the initial opposition.
“I appreciate all the concerns,” he said. “I hope to get more.”
A jittery group of middle-schoolers is about to start the first day of classes since September, when Hurricane Maria slammed into Puerto Rico and totally disrupted the island's school system.
The vast majority of the island's public schools — more than 98 percent — are open for at least part of the day, according to Puerto Rico's Department of Education.
But a small number of schools in Puerto Rico are still not holding classes. Before today, that included the students of Liberata Iraldo. The middle school building they usually attend is being used as a shelter for people who lost their homes in the storm.
Because of that, these students, dressed in their pale yellow and blue school uniforms, are about to start class at a nearby high school — Pedro Falu Orellano — in the Rio Grande, east of San Juan. The relocation has upset some parents, but the plan is moving ahead because it's not clear where the people living in the shelter will go next.
The past several weeks have been tough, with so many kids stuck at home until now. Many students say they've been bored, reading and playing. The area is still without power. It's not clear why it took more than two months to determine a relocation plan.
Eleven-year-old Angelisbeth Maldonado says she hopes there will never be another hurricane. "I don't like going to new schools, and learning lost material will be difficult," she says.
Her family learned she would be starting school at this new location just the day before. It's supposed to be temporary. Nearly 500 students are being relocated from the middle school.
Less than a mile from the high school, mother Nadgie De Jesus is rallying with several dozen other parents, students and teachers in front of the middle school turned shelter. She is frustrated that her daughter's school is one of just three on the island still being used to house storm refugees. And she refuses to send her to the high school because she thinks it's unsafe.
"We need our school back. That's why we're here," she says. Her daughter, Kaylani, says she feels sad and misses her science and music classes. "I want to see my school again," she says.
Puerto Rico's secretary of education, Julia Keleher, says that officials are trying to find solutions for schools across the island that have not yet been able to open.
Keleher says she is not completely happy with the quality of education some students are receiving, "but," she says, "schools are open and there is teaching and learning that's happening."
At this new location, the middle and high school students will not overlap in hours, to avoid conflict, says regional director Sol Iris Ortiz Bruno.
"After carefully analyzing all factors to be considered, like adequate space, reasonable distance and school security, it is clear that Pedro Falu [high school] is the best choice," Bruno said in a statement. He added that once Libarata Iraldo ceases to be a shelter, "both schools will return to regular operations."
Middle school teacher Noelanie Fuentes says she keeps hearing different dates about when the school will stop functioning as a shelter — the latest word is Dec. 15. She worries where the people sheltering there will go next.
"I don't want them to be thrown out on the street with nowhere to go," Fuentes says. In addition to three schools turned shelter, there are currently about three dozen other shelters operating in Puerto Rico.
The shelter at Liberata Iraldo middle school is hosting nearly 50 people — many sleeping in the classrooms. Stephanie Garcia is one of them, sheltering with her husband and 4-year-old son.
The family came here after floodwaters destroyed their home, she says, and looters made off with their remaining possessions. They lost their car, too — which meant her husband lost his job.
"We have coped with living in these conditions, for the moment at least," she says. Their clothing dries on a line stretching across the classroom, where desks sit in a corner. They pushed several cots together to make a bed.
Garcia says that as a mother, she understands why parents want their middle school reopened. She says her family is happy to relocate — they just don't have anywhere to go.
Turkish Police Continue Hunt For Gunman In Deadly Nightclub Attack
Turkey has announced eight detentions in connection with Sunday's shootings at an Istanbul nightclub. The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack that left 39 dead and 69 wounded. An intensive police search is under way for the gunman, who was not among those picked up Monday.
© Murad Sezer / Reuters
Turkish opposition figures have called for the results of Sunday's referendum granting new presidential powers to be annulled, citing unstamped ballots given to voters. The electoral board insists the referendum result is valid, however.Bulent Tezcan, deputy chairman of the main opposition Republican Peoples' Party (CHP), said Monday that the "only one way to end the discussions about the vote's legitimacy and to put the people at ease... is for the Supreme Electoral Board to cancel the vote."It is illegal to count the unstamped ballots as valid, Tezcan said. He added that his party had received complaints from a number of regions where people couldn't vote in privacy, with some ballots counted in secret, as cited by Reuters."At the moment it is impossible to determine how many such votes there are and how many were stamped later. This is why the only decision that will end debate about the legitimacy (of the vote) and ease the people's legal concerns is the annulment of this election by the [electoral board]," Tezcan told a news conference.According to the chairman of the High Electoral Board (YSK), Sadi Guven, the last-minute decision to use the unstamped ballots was not unprecedented. He insisted the step had been made before the results were entered into the voting system."The members of some election commissions, despite the education we provided, despite the information we gave them, made mistakes. Due to those mistakes, we have made this decision, not to violate the voters' rights for the expression of their will. It's not the first time we have made such a decision. Previously, ballots were accepted as valid, unless proven otherwise," Guven was reported by HaberTurk as saying.the chairman said.However, this did not satisfy participants of the 'No' campaign, with CHP head Kemal Kilicdaroglu saying that they would. The politician also slammed President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan for seeking a "one-man regime," and added that the proposed presidential changes would put the country in danger.Erdoğan announced his victory in Sunday's tightly-contested referendum, with about 25 million Turks supporting his proposal and the 'Yes' camp garnering some 51.5 percent of the vote, according to the latest figures provided by Reuters."For the first time in the history of the Republic, we are changing our ruling system through civil politics. That is why it is very significant," Erdoğan said.The final results are set to be announced within 11-12 days after the vote, RIA Novosti reported.Most of the changes proposed in the referendumThe president will appoint the cabinet and a number of vice presidents, and the country's leader will be able to dismiss senior civil servants without obtaining approval from the parliament.
Phytoplankton Have Turned The Bosphorus A Stunning Turquoise
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bulent Kilic/AFP/Getty Images Bulent Kilic/AFP/Getty Images
The Bosphorus is a strait that separates Europe from Asia — and in recent days, its normally dark blue waters have turned a remarkable turquoise.
Some residents of Istanbul, noticing the suddenly bright and milky waters, wondered on social media whether the hue was caused by pollution or an earthquake that shook the region on Monday, AFP reported.
But the cause of the jewel-toned waters is a bloom of phytoplankton, according to NASA.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bulent Kilic/AFP/Getty Images Bulent Kilic/AFP/Getty Images
Phytoplankton is microscopic organisms that live in watery environments – and they make their own food, using sunlight and dissolved nutrients.
"When conditions are right, phytoplankton populations can grow explosively, a phenomenon known as a bloom," says NASA. "Blooms in the ocean may cover hundreds of square kilometers and are easily visible in satellite images. A bloom may last several weeks, but the life span of any individual phytoplankton is rarely more than a few days."
The agency says that a type of phytoplankton common in the Black Sea (to which the Bosphorus connects) are coccolithophores, which are plated with white calcium carbonate: "When aggregated in large numbers, these reflective plates are easily visible from space as bright, milky water."
"The May ramp-up in reflectivity in the Black Sea, with peak brightness in June, seems consistent with results from other years," said Norman Kuring, an ocean scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.
But not all phytoplankton blooms make the water brighter, Kuring explains. "Diatoms, which also bloom in the Black Sea, tend to darken water more than they brighten it."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lefteris Pitarakis/AP Lefteris Pitarakis/AP
Ahmet Cemal Saydam, professor of environmental science at Hacettepe University, told the Dogan news agency that the coccolithophore in question is Emiliania huxleyi, according to AFP.
"This has nothing to do with pollution," he said, and added that the organism is good for anchovies, popular fare in Istanbul.
"Across the Black Sea there is an explosion of Emiliania huxleyi," he said. "This is a blessing for the Black Sea."
Why Hasn't Online Dating Made It Onscreen?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lightcome/Getty Images/iStockphoto Lightcome/Getty Images/iStockphoto
Hollywood movies love technology. Because so many of us hate it.
Technology represents the new, the unknown, which makes it the chewiest of film fodder. For years now, genre movies have eagerly played into our collective unease with the tech that surrounds us.
In spy movies like the Bourne series, the specter of 24-hour digital surveillance evokes our feelings of paranoia and dread.
In popcorn science-fiction films like the Terminator series and the art-house sci-fi of Ex Machina and, seminally, 2001: A Space Odyssey, computers are forever achieving sentience and threatening humanity's very existence.
And as for horror movies? Well.
They're ... not particularly subtle about it.
The Ring (2002) and its 2016 sequel, Rings? A video that kills you.
Trailer from 2016's Rings. YouTube
One Missed Call (2008)? Cellphones that kill you.
Trailer from 2008's One Missed Call. YouTube
Unfriended (2014)? Skype that kills you.
Trailer from 2014's Unfriended. YouTube
Jeruzalem (2015) Google Glass that kills you.
Trailer from 2016's Jeruzalem. YouTube
The Paranormal Activity franchise? Digital cameras that capture you being mysteriously — but most emphatically — killed.
Trailer for 2007's Paranormal Activity. YouTube
But there's one movie genre that's still struggling to incorporate the everyday tech of contemporary life into the stories it tells: the romantic comedy.
Which is notable — and very, very odd — because online dating (whether through sites like Match.com or smartphone apps like Tinder) is, for millions of people, a simple fact of life — the New Normal. A 2013 University of Chicago study, for example, found that more than one-third of marriages now begin online, and that number is only expected to increase.
So why is Hollywood churning out so many movies where technology leads to painful, terrifying death, but is reluctant to make movies where that same tech leads to love?
Not enough rom-coms?
Maybe it's simply a numbers game: we're not living in a time when Hollywood's producing a lot of romantic comedies (this summer's excellent The Big Sick notwithstanding), so there are fewer opportunities for them to grapple with online dating.
Lack of tension?
But maybe it's something about the nature of the genre. Sarah Wendell, who runs the website Smart Bitches, Trashy Books, which critiques and celebrates romance novels, knows a little something about rom-com story structure.
"When you have a romantic comedy," she says, "part of the story's central tension is whatever's preventing your characters from getting a happy ending. Something's in their way. But when you have them use technology to actively seek out another person, you lower that tension — which is where the comedy comes from."
Boring visuals?
Christine Vachon, whose company, Killer Films, produced movies like Carol and Still Alice, thinks it comes down to the onscreen visuals. Or rather, the lack of them.
"Watching two people meet in a visually clever way is a lot more interesting than people swiping right or left," she says.
But she's quick to add that this may change.
"I think you can [make movies about online dating], I just don't think we have yet," she says. "I think you can make anything cinematically compelling. I just think that there's some sort of visual language that we haven't quite cracked yet."
Out-of-touch gatekeepers?
But even if some future screenwriter figures out how to crack that language, that's only the first step. Comedian Guy Branum, who's pitched a screenplay or two in his time, says they'd still have to get the script past studio executives, which won't be easy.
"People who are greenlighting rom-coms are still men in their 50s," he says, "who have not integrated social media or dating apps in their lives — they never had to, because they didn't exist. They all got married in 1986 and were rich enough that they didn't need help to find a second wife in 1999."
Branum writes for Hulu's The Mindy Project, which — like a lot of TV shows — features characters texting and clicking and swiping all the time. But he's not surprised that film studios are still reluctant to show people using tech in realistic ways.
"A big problem is that we no longer make movies that reflect reality," he says. "The movies we are good at making are talking cars that transform into robots or something smashing into the Earth or people going into space. We have to some extent forgotten how to make movies about people."
For her part, producer Christine Vachon is a bit more hopeful. She just thinks Hollywood needs some time.
"The movie business is always afraid of what it doesn't completely understand," she says. "But our cinematic language always shifts and adjusts to the times that we're in."
In the meantime ...
That shift she talks about may have already started, but to see it you have to look beyond the rom-com. Weirdly enough, it's science fiction that's exploring the space where romance and technology come together — in films like 2014's Ex Machina and — especially — 2013's Her.
Joaquin Phoenix installs a new operating system (Scarlett Johannson) in 2013's Her. YouTube
In that film, Joaquin Phoenix plays a lonely guy who installs an artificial intelligence — voiced by Scarlett Johansson— onto his computer.
And then falls in love with it.
It's not Match.com, but for several different reasons, it's probably as close as Hollywood's going to get ... for now.
Everton boss Ronald Koeman has no new injury or suspension worries following Friday's draw at Hull.
But goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenberg is likely to miss a third successive game with a dead leg.
Jose Fonte will return for Southampton, taking the place of the suspended Virgil van Dijk who remains a target for a number of clubs this month.
Nathan Redmond is available after a ban, while Ryan Bertrand returns after being rested for the defeat by West Brom.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As a specialist divorce lawyer with 40 years experience, Vanessa Lloyd Platt has seen it all.
Couples carrying out ruthless acts of revenge on one another, divorcing over a pet tarantula, and arguing over the garden furniture is just part and parcel of the job.
And while it can have its glamorous side, Vanessa, who's represented showbiz stars such as Les Dennis, Anne Diamond and TV's Dr Hilary Jones, says working as a divorce lawyer is tough too.
“People think it's easy,” Vanessa says, “Actually we have to deal with huge emotional fall out from clients. We're like psychologists in a way.
“But there are times when you feel you are living in a soap. Some of the things people do to each other are ridiculous.”
(Image: BBC)
Vanessa is dishing the dirt as glossy new BBC One drama The Split began tonight.
The six-part show is set in the fast-paced world of London's divorce law circuit and follows the lives three sisters – divorce lawyers Hannah and Nina and their youngest sibling Rose.
Most of the divorce lawyers in the drama are female, reflecting how the profession has changed in recent years.
“Years ago when I first started out, there were very few women lawyers in divorce,” Vanessa explains. “I'll never forget my first boss saying to me, ‘You're a woman, you can do divorce'. Now he wouldn't get away with saying that. More and more women lawyers have come into the profession and overtaken the men - the women lawyers are now the force to be reckoned with.”
(Image: BBC)
This is a ruthless world of cheating and betrayal - and the warring couples aren't much better.
Adultery is one of the most common causes for divorce, though it turns out straightforward lust may not always be the reason. In her book, Secrets of Relationship Success, Vanessa found men making a bizarre admission about why they cheated.
She says: “In a survey I conducted, I asked 80 men who had committed adultery to set out their reasons for being disloyal, in order of priority. One of the most common reasons given was: ‘My wife had started to look and sound like her mother.'”
Some of the more shocking cases Vanessa has dealt with involve revenge, but she warns that while it may feel sweet in the moment, it usually comes back to bite people.
Vanessa's tips if you are considering getting a divorce: 1. Choose the right lawyer. Your personalities have got to match. If you are someone who is a bit nervous and frightened, you don't want to someone you cannot communicate with 2. Choose somebody at the price you can afford 3. Write out a short history of what's happened before you go to see a lawyer 4. Write down a list of all the questions you want to ask your lawyer 5. Don't carry anger too much into your meeting with the lawyer. It might obscure some of the important things 6. Tell your lawyer everything. Often people say just as they're leaving, ‘Oh does it matter that he's got a child by someone else?' 7. Be careful with your expectations. Just because your friend has got a big settlement, doesn't mean you are going to 8. If you do get a settlement, then do not blow it with the first person offering you an investment 9. Your children are not deaf. Be careful where you have conversations and how you have them 10. Do not think you have a free-for-all to go into your partner's laptop or mobile phone without permission. People think it is acceptable, but a lawyer is not permitted to look at it if it's been unlawfully obtained
Vanessa says: “There was a case where a wife drove her husband's new Mercedes to a cliff top, got out, took off the handbrake and allowed it to topple over the edge.
"It was absolutely destroyed, but what she didn't realise was that the court would take into account the value of the car and deduct it from HER settlement.
"So revenge isn't sweet. She found the full force of the law weighted against her when finances came to be dealt with. The car was worth approximately £60,000 and her capital claims were severely affected.
“Then, the wife who poured paint stripper all over her estranged husband's car when she discovered his infidelity was found guilty of criminal damage... which again left her financially far worse off.”
(Image: BBC)
But even when they're not left financially scarred, scorned lovers' acts of attempted revenge do not always go smoothly.
Vanessa says: “One of the funniest incidents was where my client's wife wanted to end the relationship.
"She was so annoyed that she strutted into his business meeting with these high-flying businessmen from Japan and all she was wearing was a fur coat. She exposed herself to everyone in the meeting.
The husband was absolutely furious - he thought he'd lose this really important business deal. But far from it, the businessmen said it was the best meeting they'd been to! Nevertheless, we got injunctions to stop her doing it again.”
There's a bad smell to two other stories of wreaked revenge with which Vanessa has dealt.
(Image: BBC)
One betrayed wife arranged for a lorryload of manure to be delivered to the home of her husband's mistress while they were both inside, and another woman hid a prawn inside the light fitting of a lamp the couple were fighting about.
For weeks her husband had a foul smell in his new flat and couldn't figure out where it was coming from until he eventually found the decomposing crustacean.
Vanessa recalls: “Afterwards, he got a plate of prawns delivered to her and said, ‘I'd heard revenge was a dish best served cold but I hadn't heard about prawns!' Now they both laugh about it.
“Love and hate are so closely linked. People can flit between feeling so in love with someone, to feeling so much anger that is beyond control. Our job as divorce lawyers is to control it.”
A trend Vanessa has noticed on the rise in more recent years is couples fighting over their pets. So much so the lawyer was compelled to draft the first ‘pet-nup', the animal equivalent of a pre-nuptial agreement.
(Image: Getty Images)
And it isn't just dogs and cats couples fall out over - one divorce case of Vanessa's involved a pet tarantula.
“The funniest one we had was involving Timmy the tarantula. The client's husband insisted on having Timmy in a glass case next to the bed. In the end, she said, ‘Either Timmy goes or I do'. And she went.”
It is also common for couples to argue over prized possessions when splitting up, but one of the stranger objects Vanessa's client fought over was a garden trowel and fork.
“The couple had already dealt with the house division, the properties and the children,” Vanessa recalls, “But they were fighting over one garden set - a trowel and fork. This went on and on until I bought a shiny new one for my client and said, ‘Here we go, can we call it a day now please?'”
So the moral of this story has to be, if you find yourself in a divorce hole, stop digging.
Vanessa Lloyd Platt is founder and director of Lloyd Platt & Co divorcesolicitors.com.
Six-part drama The Split will be on at 9pm on Tuesday on BBC One.
ST. LOUIS, MO — For the past 16 years, FOX 2 along with Y98 and 102.5 KEZK, have hosted the largest Opening Day Rally in St. Louis! To kick off the season and the home opener, we will be celebrating with a FREE party for Cardinal Nation on Thursday, April 5th from 11:00am – 5:00pm in Kiener Plaza.
The Opening Day Rally celebrates the return of Cardinal Baseball and includes food, fanfare, refreshments, games and entertainment! There's no way to get closer to the action and be part of the biggest crowd downtown without being actually in the stadium!
Join us downtown and take photos with FOX 2 and News 11 personalities at our photo booth! We'll be broadcasting live all day long. Share your Opening Day photos with us and use the hashtag #FOX2Now for a chance to win tickets to a future Cardinals Game!
Don't miss the 2018 celebration as part of our Opening Day Rally!
Opening Day Rally
Thursday, April 5
11am – 5pm
Kiener Plaza Downtown St. Louis
Vermont Legislators Want To Reconsider Law For Attempted Crimes Vermont dropped some charges against Jack Sawyer after the state supreme court ruled his alleged school shooting plot wasn't an attempted crime. Now state legislators are looking to rewrite the law.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gina Bramhill (Sherlock, Coronation Street), who plays the voice of Coach in Hang the DJ from Black Mirror's fourth season, had to wait until the Netflix release date to see the ending of her episode, like the rest of us.
In an interview for the Black Mirror Cracked podcast, Gina says: "I didn't actually have the full script. So I had the script till they go up the ladder at the end.
"I saw it with eveybody else when it came out at the end of December.
"It could've gone any number of ways!"
Of Charlie Brooker, she says with a laugh: "I think he'd say that he's a complete control freak, in the best possible way!"
Gina also spills the beans on the fact that there was more than one Coach in the original script.
(Image: Faye Thomas)
Gina is a huge Black Mirror fan, and says "it was really exciting" to get the script.
She was only brought in after "they'd all wrapped on the picture, so it was in post-production," and recorded her lines in a studio, while watching the footage and trying to fit her lines comfortably into the existing dialogue.
The characters in Hang the DJ are never seen at home but always on the move - which presented its own set of problems for the voiceover.
(Image: NEtflix)
This didn't make Gina's job any easier. As she says: "There's a part where Frank is going up a hill and he's doing loads of breathing, so I had to figure out how to fit my lines in.
"The director and the producer were in the room were like 'You can't breathe. You have to do it all in one breath. Coach does not exhale!'"
"They were like: 'try these three sentences in one breath'...!"
Subscribe to our Black Mirror Cracked podcast here
Season 4 of Black Mirror has a female lead in every episode.
If Gina could have another one of these roles, she'd replace Cristin Milioti as Nanette Cole in USS Callister.
After all, as she says: " it's two for the price of one with that character!"
Gina also loves Season 3's Emmy-winning episode, San Junipero.
As she notes: "It's a progression from Hang the DJ. The people inside the app get to live out the romance."
She agrees that Black Mirror is actually quite a romantic series - "it's disguised... but love does seem to overcome a lot."
You can hear much more from Gina in the latest episode of Black Mirror Cracked: Hang the DJ's Coach Tells Us Everything...
(Image: Netflix)
Introducing our post-binge podcast: Black Mirror Cracked
Subscribe to our Black Mirror Cracked podcast here
Just surfacing from your bed after gulping down Season 4? Feel the need to talk about it?
We're with you. That's why we made a companion podcast!
Check out Black Mirror Cracked, where we review each episode.
There's also a special bonus instalment, with creators Charlie Brooker and Annabel Jones.
How to subscribe Make sure you never miss an episode of the Black Mirror Cracked podcast. Subscribe on iTunes
Subscribe on Audioboom Wherever you're subscribing, add a rating and review to let us know what you think.
For a look behind the scenes of the podcast, check out this interview
There are plenty of instances of the media spreading fake news. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint
These days I take it personally when you say to me that you've stopped tracking the news. “I don't want to read about all the bad things that are happening around me,” a friend said recently.
You proudly announce on Facebook and Twitter that you've been television-free for a few years now or that you no longer read the newspapers because there's “so much negativity”. You're discovering yoga, chugging cold-pressed juice and watching Anushka Sharma's Pixel 2 commercial (48 million views only) to detox from the horrible things you are forced to hear and read every day. Some of you are even compiling your own volumes of good news for social media followers. I get it.
Authoritarian leaders are taking over the world and using hate as a tool to unite citizens against the feared “other”—who may be immigrant, Muslim, African American, liberal or long-dead Mughal—and all you want to do is to hide your head in a hole to block out these bad folk. Don't forget to carry earpods so you can die listening to a bite-sized sermon by Jaggi Vasudev or the ninth version of Despacito when the world goes to hell.
Just last fortnight, Nicolás Maduro, who has led Venezuela's social and economic collapse, was elected the country's president. He won a landslide victory because he banned popular opposition leaders from contesting the election and because people were too scared to vote for anyone else.
But my news is not getting through to you. You plan to surface only after Kalki, astride a white stallion, huffs, puffs and blows away the bad vibes, ushering in a new age where all newspapers read like The Better India, whose tag line “Positive News. Happy Stories. Unsung Heroes” sums up their brand of journalism.
The idea of good news as a business opportunity has resulted in the proliferation of online platforms such as Happy News, Optimist World and Good News Network. Even mainstream news websites such as Huffington Post, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) and The Times Of India have good news sections.
What I'm about to tell you won't fit your brand of good news, though I see it as a step in the right direction. Just like the brutal gangrape of a 23-year-old physiotherapy intern in Delhi in 2012 put rape on the front pages of Indian newspapers, the rape and murder of an eight-year-old in Kathua earlier this year has resulted in the media giving more space to the horror stories of child rape that play out in our country every day. One in every two Indian children is abused—we've known this for more than a decade—and the horrific incident in Jammu has made us re-examine this horrible truth about ourselves. But oops, I see you've tuned me out. I'm competing with a WhatsApp video you just received and I know I can't match the spectacular acrobatics of Vietnam's Giang brothers on Britain's Got Talent. Child rape and its increased visibility in your morning newspaper is exactly the kind of depressing start to your day that you are hoping to avoid.
There are enough reasons to hate the media. Some of us have pursued ratings and readership at the cost of everything else. We survive on advertising and have been known to sell ourselves to the highest bidder. There are plenty of instances of the media spreading fake news. Some of us yell to communicate, some don't give you adequate warning before showing you the most gruesome pictures, and others reveal the names of juvenile rape survivors. Sometimes, it's difficult to tell the difference between a news story and a press release.
Even a veteran journalist like P. Sainath believes that his profession doesn't care about a large chunk of the population. “When you don't have an agriculture or a labour correspondent, you are basically saying that 75% of the population does not matter. The rate of unemployment in India is high…. Forty million people do not have jobs today and the story needs to be told,” he said last year at a seminar.
In an American Psychological Association study last year, people said they felt conflicted between the desire to stay informed and the media as a source of stress. Fifty-six per cent of respondents said the news gives them stress; 72% believed the media blows things out of proportion.
As someone who has worked in this industry for more than two decades, I have a few ideas on how you can consume news more effectively.
Does the newspaper give you stress or is your tension a result of the headlines, memes and forwards you consume as news on your various social media networks? Is news responsible for your heartburn or is it the fake news industry that's the cause of your pain?
When was the last time you scanned a newspaper from cover to cover? No matter how many smart people you follow-on Twitter and how many brilliant long-form essays you access on the microblogging site, you'll never be able to recreate the magic of a real news organization where reporters across the country work together to bring you news (both good and bad), views, sports, business, comics and the crossword all in one place. Pick a couple of websites, newspapers or television channels you don't mind, and stay faithful to them. Identify reporters and columnists whom you've come to believe—or at least grudgingly like—and track their work. If, like Sainath, you think news about real India is not reflected in mainstream news media, follow a news start-up that makes an effort to track all the different Indias.
If you can, watch the video of the Indian man in Rajkot who was beaten to death in your country a couple of weeks ago. Whatever you do, come out of that cosy burrow please.
Priya Ramani shares what's making her feel angsty/agreeable.
She tweets at @priyaramani
Danny Shelton didn't need very long to start toeing the New England Patriots' company line.
Less than a week after New England acquired Shelton in a trade with the Cleveland Browns, the defensive lineman is already singing coach Bill Belichick's praises and taking notice of the team's culture of success.
"Part of the formula to winning is doing your job, and I see that everywhere at the facility with everyone just staying focused and having that same goal leading towards success, and that's what I want to be a part of," Shelton said on a conference call Monday.
After spending his first three NFL seasons with a Browns team that won only four games total and went 0-16 last season, the 24-year-old Shelton is willing to adapt to whatever role Belichick sees fit for him.
"Honestly, I'm just going to go with whatever coach wants me to do," Shelton said. "My best (skill) is stopping the run, so if he wants me to play a defensive position I'll do it and I'll make sure I do my job to achieve success."
Shelton had 128 tackles and 1 1/2 sacks over 46 games with Cleveland after being drafted by the Browns with the No. 12 overall pick out of Washington in 2015.
In 2016, Shelton started all 16 games and had a career-high 59 tackles.
Shelton hopes to wear the No. 55 with the Patriots after doing so with the Browns and in college in honour of the late Junior Seau, who wore the number throughout his career and in his last four seasons in New England.
"Any opportunity I get to wear the number I would take in a heartbeat," Shelton said. "It's just amazing to have this opportunity to play for a great organization and knowing that one of my role models, one of the guys that I looked up to played here."
Shelton said he is also fond of former Patriots defensive tackle Vince Wilfork, whom he drew comparisons to before he was drafted.
Despite the sanctions and the fall in oil prices, the Russian economy has grown at the fastest pace since the third quarter of 2012, the German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung states.According to Rosstat, the growth rate of economic development in the second quarter of this year by 2.5% exceeded similar indicators in 2016. Since the end of last year, the country's GDP has increased again, which was not observed for seven quarters before."There was a sharp increase in construction and industry," commented Rosstat's data to Capital Economics research company.Growth was also observed in the sphere of trade. At the same time, it was noted that agriculture is the only sector of the economy that has not yet fully recovered. This area in the second quarter showed a decline.In general, however, GDP growth during the second quarter was lower than the government's forecast (2.7%), the newspaper states.Sanctions taught Russia to count "on oneself", on the development of its own industries, small and medium-sized businesses.A representative of the Institute of Contemporary Development, Nikita Maslenikov agrees that Russia's economy has already adapted to external constraints and the latest US sanctions will not have a significant impact. In his opinion, because of these sanctions, Russia will lose only "a few tenths" of the annual rate of GDP growth.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS (KPLR) – Fox 2 news has learned St. Louis city police are investigating some of their own.
We asked the department today for information on an alleged prostitution ring being run by department officers.
The police department responded with the following statement:
"The department is aware of the allegations and has initiated an investigation. It is early in that investigation and the department is unable to comment on the veracity of the accusations. Illegal or unethical behavior by anyone sworn to protect and serve our community will not be tolerated. The investigation will include both criminal and internal reviews. The investigation is ongoing."
Sources indicate that the investigation is preliminary, and would not call this a "prostitution" probe.
But we've learned that police are looking at a leased apartment in the city and its alleged use by some officers.
Our sources have indicated it's unclear who leased the apartment, and what it was used for.
Fox 2 News pressed St. louis police for more information, but police would not release anything else.
Police would not comment on how many officers are possibly involved.
But again, tonight we have confirmed a St Louis police internal investigation into the matter.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Saracens were left to count the cost of their worst ever defeat in Europe after being destroyed by ‘furious' Clermont last night.
A day after losing £300,000 when Sunday's sold-out clash was snowed off, the Champions Cup holders had their tournament record 20-match unbeaten run ripped from them.
The six-try spanking surpassed Saracens' 43-13 loss to Biarritz in 2006, while Clermont's 46 points were the most the Londoners had ever conceded in European competition.
‘It was a sobering day for us,” admitted boss Mark McCall, whose side lost a sixth straight match for the first time in 14 years on the back of a 25-minute hat-trick from man of the match Alivereti Raka.
‘We were well beaten by a much better team and, to be honest, I didn't see that coming. I'm not going to try to make any excuses for it.”
McCall might not have seen it coming but Clermont had suggested they were ready to unleash a display of fire and fury in their reaction to the shambolic way in which the match was rearranged.
They said they had not been involved in the original postponement decision and “had to adapt to the incompetence of local authorities and Saracens.
"For a little more than 10 centimetres of snow the organisation of this meeting was ridiculous and absurd. Staff and players are deeply upset by the lack of interest in the fans.”
Apoplectic club president Eric de Cromières claimed Clermont's travelling supporters, many of whom flew home after the initial postponement believing the rearranged fixture to be being played behind closed doors, had been treated as "toys".
Saracens owner Nigel Wray countered that his club had had no say in calling off Sunday's game, adding: "It's important to stress that it was the health and safety officer who made the decision. He is independent. We had no choice. Our players could not get out of their drives."
His words were not enough to douse the fire raging in the hearts and minds of Clermont, who vowed to use the anger as an “extra source of motivation” and made good on their pledge at an ice-cold Allianz Park.
Only 2,661 fans braved the chill but they were rewarded with the second fastest hat-trick in Champions Cup history from 23-year-old Raka - who then ran the length of the field to set up a stunning fourth.
The Fijian-born winger, who qualifies to play for France on residency grounds and could appear as soon as February in the Six Nations, was a class apart as he touched down in the 13th, 21st and 25th minutes.
Clermont's win means that for the first time ever English rugby failed to register a single victory in an entire round of top-tier Euro matches.
Of greater relevance to McCall's men, six days before they go to Clermont for the return, was the 37 tackles the champs' missed.
It was a game Saracens want to quickly forget - but Clermont's display will live in the long in the memory.
SARACENS - Tries : Penalty, Kruis. Con: Farrell.
CLERMONT - Tries: Raka 3, van der Merwe, Fofana, Toeava. Cons: Parra 6. Pens: Parra 2.
Revisiting Peter Yates' 1992 romantic adventure film Year of the Comet is a bit like watching a paunchy prizefighter attempting to reclaim a past virility which has long since evaporated. Known for his iconic Steve McQueen film Bullitt (1968) and a slew of notable titles from the New American Cinema golden era of the 1970s such as The Friends of Eddie Coyle (1973) and The Hot Rock (1972), Yates hit his peak with Oscar nods for 1979's Breaking Away and 1983's The Dresser. But going forward, from Krull (1983) onwards, found Yates unveiling titles with varying degrees of success.
His union with famed screenwriter William Goldman (whose last wholly original screenplay was 1969's Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid) sounds like something meant to be a comic caper throwback with this treatment which was originally conceived as a vehicle for Glenda Jackson in the 1970s. Passably amusing, a lack of chemistry between its unenthusiastic leads and an unnecessarily zany narrative desperate to pass itself off as a sort of exotic intrigue for elitists hobbles this chummy rom com for oenophiles.
Eager to prove her worth to her step-father, a notable London wine merchant, Margaret Harwood (Penelope Ann Miller) snags a plucky opportunity to inventory her first important collection. However, she stumbles upon on ultra-rare bottle of Lafitte from 1811, made during the year of the Great Comet, a vintage estimated at upwards of a million. Tasked with bringing the bottle back to London for auction, Margaret is guided by the roguish Oliver Plexico (Tim Daly), a noted beer drinker who was introduced to her while he worked as a fixer for a Texas wine connoisseur. No sooner do they head home with the bottle when they are accosted by a variety of eager parties eager to steal it, including a group of men led by a Euro supervillain (Louis Jordan).
The pairing of Penelope Ann Miller and Tim Daly as the romantically invested leads perhaps seems strange in retrospect. At the time, however, Daly (younger brother of actress Tyne Daly) was a popular television star thanks to his leading role on “Wings,” although his success migrating to feature film was eventually unsuccessful. Likewise, Miller was at her peak as well, having come up in the late 1980s in various supporting roles and entering the 1990s opposite co-stars like Arnold Schwarzenegger (Kindergarten Cop, 1990), Robert De Niro and Robin Williams (Awakenings, 1990) and Marlon Brando (The Freshman, 1990), before moving onto collaborations with Yates, Norman Jewison, Richard Attenborough, and Brian De Palma all in the same timeframe. Here, she is straightjacketed into playing the American stepdaughter of a noted wine merchant who is so dowdily dialed into the stereotype of the frigid intellectual spinster it has the overriding flavor of a 1950s studio film. At odds with the mustachioed Daly, whose Oliver Plexico plays like an afterthought, a male escort masquerading as Indiana Jones or Robert Redford, hired to spice up the banality of a woman's first solo occupational crusade, their eventual consummation of sexual longing is as unbelievable as it is ultimately untoward, more incestuous than titillating.
A series of stops and starts transpire as the expensive bottle of wine passes from hand to hand, though no one party at any time seems to be presented with any actual conviction. The flaccid narrative is beefed up with a wonky reveal, which might be worth the price of admission alone to witness the final cinematic reel to feature lothario Louis Jordan as he chews scenery regarding some silly sci-fi fountain of youth twist, but played so flamboyantly it's sort of like being forced to believe Clifton Webb actually wants to sleep with Gene Tierney in Preminger's Laura (1944), if you catch the drift.
It's clear William Goldman modeled this after the charming caper comedies of yore, and at times there's a glimpse into the slapstick zest which the film aims for, but it never feels smart or polished enough to reach any euphoric moments. Harmless but tepid, Year of the Comet was not a vintage yield for Yates, and far below the standards he set for himself decades prior.
Disc Review:
Twilight Time presents Year of the Comet as a limited edition release (3,000 units), presented in high-definition 2.35:1. Picture quality is clear throughout, while the 2.0 DTS-HD master audio does a fine job of highlighting the title's most efficient achievement, a well-oiled score from Hummie Mann (available, as per usual on a Twilight Time release, as an isolated track). Besides the original theatrical trailer, the release is without audio commentary or additional special features.
Final Thoughts:
Yates completests may rejoice at this Blu-ray transfer, but unless one has an underlying interest in Miller, Daly, or Louis Jordan, Year of the Comet will likely seem a waste of time.
Film Rating: ★★½/☆☆☆☆☆
Disc Rating: ★★★½/☆☆☆☆☆
OTTAWA — Global Affairs says Canada is adding more Venezuelans to its sanctions list.
Another 14 individuals have been added to the list of people who Canada says are among those responsible for the deterioration of democracy in that country under the regime of Nicolas Maduro.
The sanctions essentially prohibit Canadians from doing business with people or entities on the list.
It's the latest in a series of Canadian moves against the Maduro government.
Earlier this month, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland dismissed the latest elections in Venezuela as illegitimate and anti-democratic.
On Tuesday, a three-member panel of experts, including Canadian Irwin Cotler, told the Organization of American States that officials in Maduro's administration have committed crimes against humanity.
Canada has already limited diplomatic contacts with Venezuela and told its representatives to avoid international or multilateral meetings and events hosted by or in Venezuela.
Freeland said the latest sanctions underline Canada's commitment to democracy and its rejection of the "fraudulent" presidential elections.
"Canada is as determined as ever to support the people of Venezuela as they seek a more peaceful, democratic and prosperous future," she said in a statement.
Under Maduro, the Venezuelan economy has all but collapsed, inflation is running wild and hundreds of thousands of people have fled the country.
This guide will show you how to set up a safe environment in which you can anonymously communicate, browse the web, and send and receive bitcoins. You will start by setting up a separate operating system equipped with privacy software that is easy to set up. You will then set up encryption keys and a Bitcoin wallet to communicate and transact in private.
Set Yourself Up
Step 1: Get Tails
Tails is a Linux operating system that you run from a DVD or USB stick. You do not need to install it on your computer. It comes with all important software pre-installed and routes all your traffic through the Tor network.
The easiest way to get Tails is to ask somebody who already has it to write a copy onto your USB stick using the Tails Installer program found inside the operating system.
Another option is to download Tails from their official website, verify it, and install it manually using their step-by-step instructions. While the instructions on the Tails website may seem confusing at first, they're well written and not difficult if you follow them carefully.
Step 2: Start Tails
Find a computer, plug your USB stick into it or put the DVD into the drive, and start up the computer. Some computers will automatically detect the drive and start running Tails, but in most cases you will have to enter the BIOS setup. If you run into any trouble, try searching online to find out how to enter the BIOS for your particular computer.
Everything you do around a particular identity should be done within Tails, whether you're browsing, chatting, making Bitcoin transactions, or typing documents. Keep your browsing focused, and do not log into your private Facebook or the blog associated with another one of your identities at the same time.
Step 3: Enable persistence
Without having persistence enabled, you won't be able to save any data in Tails.
Under Applications > Tails, select Configure persistent volume. To use this option, your USB stick must have been created using the Tails Installer program. If you created your USB stick manually (as described above), you need to copy Tails over using another USB stick. The Tails installer is under Applications > Tails > Tails installer.
You will be asked to create a passphrase. Check out our guide on how to create secure passwords with Diceware in this book. Length is more important than complexity. You will be asked for this passphrase every time you start Tails.
You will also have to select which information you want Tails to remember. The fewer Tails remember, the more secure you are, but you'll have to remember more things yourself and set them up again each time you start Tails.
To seamlessly run all the features you will need in this guide we recommend selecting Personal Data, GnuPG, Pidgin, Network Connections, Browser Bookmarks, Bitcoin client, and Icedove.
Restart Tails with persistence and enter your passphrase. Remember that only the files in the folder named “Persistence” will be saved when you shut down your computer.
Step 4: Set up KeePassX
KeePassX is a password manager that requires you to remember only a few passwords and still have secure unique passwords. Access KeePassX under Applications > Accessories > KeePassX. Create a new password database by selecting File > Create New Database.
Use Diceware to set a long but memorable password to access KeePassX. This will be the second of maximally two or three passwords you need to remember. All other passwords can be created and accessed with KeePassX.
Save your database in the “Persistent” folder in your home folder.
To create a new password, click on the button with the yellow key called Add New Entry.
Give it a title and fill in the other information as well if you like. The most important button is labelled Gen. You find it right of the field “Repeat.”
Click the button Gen to the right of the field “Repeat.” This will generate a random password. You can define its length and whether it should contain numbers or special characters. For maximum security, don't even look at it. There is no need for you to see it. And, in the unlikely event that something or someone is capturing your screen, all they will see are stars instead of the password. Just generate it and copy and paste it over to the site you need it for.
A screenshot of KeePassX. Your password shows up as dots.
Step 5: Get a PGP key
Once you are inside Tails you can create a new PGP key under Applications > Utilities > Passwords and Keys.
Create a PGP key.
Click on the blue “+” symbol under GnuPG keys and enter a name and email address. You can make this information up, but if you plan to use this key later to send and receive encrypted emails, you should enter an email address that you control.
Enter a name and email address.
Enter a password for your PGP key. You can create a password using Diceware or KeePassX. You will need this password every time you send an email or decrypt a file.
After a few seconds, your PGP key will appear in the GnuPG keys list. Congratulations! You can now use it to backup your own data or securely send yourself files that only you can access. More on this in Step 8: Back Everything Up With PGP.
This is what your PGP signature might look like.
Step 6: Set Up Electrum
The Bitcoin wallet is under Applications > Internet > Bitcoin Wallet.
Electrum is a lightweight Bitcoin wallet. That means it does not rely on its own copy of the blockchain (the immutable record of all Bitcoin transactions that ever took place), but instead relies on several other nodes.
A screenshot of the lightweight Bitcoin wallet Electrum.
To find out your balance, enter your Bitcoin address into a Blockexplorer.
For example, this is the Bitcoin address of the Edward Snowden Defense Fund:
1snowqQP5VmZgU47i5AWwz9fsgHQg94Fa
You can enter it into a Blockexplorer like Blockcypher (many more exist) to see its balance and all transactions associated with it.
The Edward Snowden Defense Fund in Blockcypher.
Create a new wallet by opening Electrum. A “standard wallet” will do fine. You will see 13 English words, which represent your wallet seed. This seed is more than just a password to your wallet. Anybody who has this seed can take your Bitcoins, so be careful about where you store these words.
To store your wallet seed words safely, you can create a new entry in your KeePassX database and paste them into the comment field, or you can write them on a piece of paper and lock it away. Either way, do not save it in a text file anywhere on an unencrypted drive.
Press proceed and enter your wallet seed into the next window, then choose a password, ideally by creating one with KeePassX. You will need this password every time you make a transaction.
Great! You can now receive and make Bitcoin payments. You can find your Bitcoin addresses and their balances under “Addresses.”
You can set up multiple wallets for your identity. You can create a new wallet for a single transaction if you so wish. Having separate wallets makes it easier to keep funds separate for accounting or privacy purposes.
Step 7: Communicate via XMPP and OTR
Pidgin is a chat program. As anonymous email accounts are hard to come by, it might be easier to chat with your contacts using this tool. The only downside is that you cannot receive messages when you're offline.
Pidgin is under Applications > Internet > Pidgin.
Launch Pidgin. Add an account and choose XMPP as your protocol.
Pick a username, enter dukgo.com as the domain and pick a password, then tick the box Create this new account on the server. Close the window and connect to enable the new chat account in Pidgin. You may be prompted again to enter your username and password. Use KeePassX to create a secure and unique password.
Adding a new pidgin chat account is as simple as a round of duck duck goose.
Your username@dukgo.com address can now be given out to your contacts. You will need to approve each individual contact before you can initiate a conversation with them.You have now set up XMPP chat (also called Jabber). Note: Even though username@dukgo.com looks like an email address, it is not an email address and cannot be used to receive messages while offline.
To chat securely, you need to use OTR encryption. Click on OTR > Start private conversation.
You can verify the integrity of the conversation by clicking on OTR > Authenticate Buddy.
The easiest way to reliably verify each other is to exchange each other's fingerprints outside the chat. which you can see under Manual authentication. To share your fingerprint with other individuals, you can paste it into the signature on a message board, or publish it on your website.
Step 8: Back Everything Up With PGP
The trickiest part of a secure and yet private backup process is to back up the PGP Key. The more effort you undertake to lock your key away, the less accessible the key becomes to you in case you need it.
We recommend the following: Choose a very strong password with Diceware when you create your PGP Key. Load the key onto a USB stick and leave the stick with your family, friends, or a lawyer.
You can also make more than one copy of the backup if you fear your first copy could get damaged or lost.
If your password is long enough (more than 25 characters), it should not be possible for anybody to read your communications or access your backups even in case they get a hold of the key, because the key is still encrypted with your password.
We highly recommend making regular backups of the documents that you cannot afford to lose, as well as your KeePassX password database and Bitcoin wallets.
Select all the files and folders that you want to back up. You can, for example, select the entire “Persistence” folder. Right-click the selection and select Encrypt. A window will ask you which keys you want to encrypt your selection with. Select only your own PGP key. Do not tick the sign option unless you want it to be verifiable that this backup was made by you. If you don't sign it and somebody finds the backup, they will only know that this backup was made for you, not by you.
If you selected multiple files, you will be asked how you want them packaged. We recommend encrypting them packed together because this leaves the least metadata and creates one single file that will be easy to keep track of, instead of multiple small files. The process might take a while. After they've been packaged, you will have two files: one ending in .tar.gz (the unencrypted package)and the other in .tar.gz.gpg (the encrypted backup). The .gpg file is the file you are interested in. Load it onto a CD or USB and store it away.
When it comes time to decrypt the file, just double-click on the .gpg file, enter the password to your PGP key, and let the computer do its work. It is wise to test this process out before you rely on it for restoring your backups.
Step 9: Repeat the Above Steps for Each Identity You Have
Repeat steps 1 to 8 for each of the identities that you have. You should have a separate USB stick with Tails for each pseudonym, company, activity that you control and want to keep separate. Each of these sticks should have its own passwords, PGP keys, and KeePassX databases.
Keep all your identities separate! Don't label all of this too obviously, and consider keeping everything in separate locations.
ESPANOLA, Ont. — Provincial police say they've recovered the body of a missing swimmer at Chutes Provincial Park.
Police say a 28-year-old man was reported missing on Sunday night after failing to resurface while swimming in the park about 30 kilometres west of Espanola, Ont.
The victim has been identified as Talwinder Singh of Lasalle, Que.
An autopsy to determine the cause of death is scheduled for Friday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The father of a seriously ill toddler who lost an appeal over his life support said that his son has been breathing unaided for nine hours.
Tom Evans, told a live broadcast on Good Morning Britain outside Alder Hey Children's Hospital, his son Alfie Evans had been breathing without life-support.
Speaking at 7am, he said: "Nine hours he has been breathing now. It's actually come to the point where his mum is asleep next to him.
"She can actually go to sleep next to him.
"She feels comfortable with him."
When asked how long it was until he realised his son was breathing unaided, he said: "A few minutes."
He added: "They say Alfie is suffering. Well look at him now. He's not even on a ventilator and he's not suffering."
He has claimed that Alder Hey Hospital left his son "for six hours without food, water or oxygen" - but "felt blessed" that the hospital had since given Alfie water, the Liverpool Echo reported.
"He is still working and doing as good as he can, but we do need him to be supported in the next hour.
"It's going to be hard and we will need him to be supported in the next hour or two because he's been doing it for nine hours totally unexpected."
He added: "I do believe he will need some sort of life support in the next few hours."
Mr Evans' comments came after a High Court judge last night dismissed a "last-ditch appeal" by the parents of the 23-month-old boy who has been at the centre of a life-support treatment fight.
Mr Justice Hayden had said doctors at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool could stop providing life-support treatment to Alfie.
Alfie's parents, Tom Evans and Kate James asked for a delay to give them time to mount a further challenge.
But the judge refused their application and gave doctors the go-ahead to stop treatment and bring Alfie's life to an end.
Mr Justice Hayden analysed issues at a hearing in the Family Division of the High Court late on Monday.
The judge heard submissions from lawyers representing hospital bosses, Alfie's parents and Alfie via a telephone link.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy yesterday announced they'd granted the 23-month-old citizenship after a conservative politician in the country petitioned them to do so.
It was latest in a long-running legal battle which has seen parents Tom Evans, 21, and Kate James, 20, unsuccessfully appeal to the European Court of Human Rights twice.
An official statement on the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy's website read: "Ministers Alfano and Minniti have granted Italian citizenship to little Alfie.
"In this way the Italian government hopes that being an Italian citizen will allow the child immediate transfer to Italy."
(Image: Peter Byrne/PA Wire)
Around 200 protestors gathered at Alder Hey following the European Court of Human Rights rejection.
A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Alfie Evan's family are going through an exceptionally difficult time and our thoughts are with them. Clearly this is a complex legal matter but at its heart is the wellbeing of a young child and that remains everyone's focus.”
From massive student loan debt to a largely competitive landscape, there are a number of reasons why people don't pursue grad school today. However, before crossing it off your list completely, it's important to learn more about it.
Related: How Entrepreneurs Can Balance School and Business
In 2001, a reported 473,502 Master's degrees were awarded. That number increased a whopping 60 percent by 2015, with 758,708 people awarded Master's degrees. What are most of these people studying? The top graduate programs as of fall 2016 were social and behavioral sciences, engineering and biological and agricultural sciences. And today, more and more of these graduate students are women, with many of those individuals the firsts in their families to go. In fact, approximately 63 percent of first-time graduates are women.
Related: Top 25 Best Grad Programs for Entrepreneurs in 2018
Of course, there are many cases as to why someone would or wouldn't pursue grad school. The average debt for a person getting their MBA is $42,000. Sound like a lot? For aspiring doctors or medical experts, the average debt is $161,772.
Depending on what you want to do in the long run will help determine if a graduate's degree is necessary. On the bright side, people with graduate degrees typically have higher salaries, more access to job opportunities and professional connections.
Related: It's Never Too Late to Get Your Graduate Degree
So if you want to go back to school and get another degree, don't be discouraged by financial or social pressures. There are a number of fellowships, scholarships and other financial options to help you get there. And if you're feeling trapped on time, you can also explore online schooling options.
To learn more, check out NowSourcing's infographic below.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The dream dress can make or break a bride's big day.
Mermaid, trumpet, ballgown - there's so may styles to choose from, and that's before you even start trying to find the right shop to buy it from.
Luckily, there are plenty of wedding dress shops in Cambridge that specialise in getting you looking perfect for your trip down the aisle.
Based on online user reviews and general customer satisfaction, here's our guide to the best wedding dress shops in the city.
The Tailor's Cat
Located in the heart of Cambridge, The Tailor's Cat has been going strong for more than 20 years.
The store stocks bridal gowns from nine different designers in a carefully chosen collection, all of which can be adapted to the needs of every bride to be.
To browse the full catalogue and to find out more, click here.
Burr Bridal
Elsewhere in the city centre, head over to King Street to check out Burr Bridal.
This independent shop has two floors full of wedding dresses from the world's leading designers, as well as an eclectic range of bridal gowns.
If this wasn't enough, the store is also home to a wide range of formal suits for men.
Click here to find out more.
Mia Sposa Bridal
The big winner at the Bridal Awards every year between 2012 and 2016, Mia Sposa is a spacious bridal studio located on Homerton Street.
The company prides itself on offering award-winning designer ranges to suit all budgets, with experienced consultants on hand to help you every step of the way when choosing the perfect dress for you.
Head to their website to browse their in-store catalogue.
Cambridge Bridal Studio
You'll find Cambridge Bridal Studio in Willingham.
Viewings are by appointment only, so head to their website to book before making the trip to the shop.
Expert advice from the team of trained wedding consultants is guaranteed.
Brides by Solo
If none of these shops take your fancy, you can always head over to Newmarket for Brides by Solo.
With 34 years of experience, they know exactly what brides want in a dress.
Click here to find out more.
For many people, getting to grocery stores and farmers markets is tough, and since fast food is so much more accessible, it can be difficult to maintain a healthy diet. Throw in the fact that often times quality food is expensive, and you have a very big problem for many Americans.
An estimated 17.3 million people in the U.S. live in low-income areas more than one mile or 20 miles from a supermarket, data from the USDA reports.
Salvation Army Stepping Up To Help
Salvation Army, a Christian charity, found one small but impactful way to help: It launched its first non-profit grocery store in Baltimore, Maryland, in order to help low-income families who live in in food deserts (impoverished areas that lack fresh fruits and vegetables as a result of a lack of grocery stores).
Called DMG Foods, a reference to the organization's motto, “Do More Good,” The store is situated in a 7,000 square foot warehouse. There is an on-site butcher, deli counter, pre-made meals and salads prepared by the Maryland Food Bank, and non-perishable items.
This innovative grocery store hopes to change lives in the Baltimore area by providing over 1,200 families fresh, affordable produce annually, according to its press release. Its opening also created 15 jobs.
#DMGFoods officially opened in Baltimore today as The Salvation Army's first grocery store, uniquely combining workforce-development programs, supplemental benefits, cooking demonstrations and more with grocery shopping in a food desert. Check it out at https://t.co/7PzaJk3Rgd! pic.twitter.com/4m71Z37YJM — Salvation Army USA (@SalvationArmyUS) March 7, 2018
Store Charges Less Than Traditional Supermarkets
As the store is nonprofit, it is able to charge less for items than traditional grocery stores, according to the Baltimore Sun. It will be available to anyone who wants to shop there, though it is intended for lower-income families. Customers who are use government assistance to purchase food (SNAP) will receive complimentary items once a month as well as additional discounts.
Wanting To Provide “Sustaintable Model” For Community
The Salvation Army's goal is to “present a sustainable model that engages the community in order for them to eat healthier, smarter, cheaper and all of that,” Gene Hogg, The Salvation Army's area commander, told The Shelby Report.
The opening, which took place March 7, was met with excitement and praise.
Couldn't be happier about our partnership with the @SalArmyCM first grocery store, DMG Foods! The grand opening was a huge success, and a great path forward for creating a healthier Baltimore. Watch @CBSbaltimore' coverage of the grand opening: https://t.co/nKKP2idYcS#MyBMore pic.twitter.com/2Cj5kuOCiG — Maryland Food Bank (@MDFoodBank) March 9, 2018
Baltimore's mayor, Catherine Pugh, was there to cut the ribbon and welcome the new store to the neighborhood. She shared her congratulations and well wishes on social media.
And, other people on social media hoped that new locations for DMG Foods would open in their neighborhoods.
Take A Tour Of The Salvation Army Grocery Store?
The Salvation Army USA posted a Facebook Live video offering a tour of the new DMG Foods on its grand opening day!
According to the Salvation Army, DMG Foods is the first grocery store in the nation to bring together social service with a traditional grocery shopping experience. It plans on providing nutritional guidance, shopping education, and meal planning and workforce development to its shoppers.
This sounds like an innovative idea. What do you think of the Salvation Army's new grocery store?
This story originally appeared on Simplemost. Checkout Simplemost for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
LUBBOCK, Texas — Juicy Landrum scored 20 points and No. 3 Baylor overwhelmed Texas Tech for the second time this season, 90-44 on Saturday for its 18th straight win.
Baylor (21-1, 11-0 Big 12) went on a 15-0 run to end the first quarter. Dekeiya Cohen finished with 19 points while Kristy Wallace had 16 points and 11 rebounds.
Jada Terry had 10 points to lead Texas Tech (7-15, 1-10).
After the Lady Raiders lost 97-49 at Baylor on Dec. 31, coach Candi Whitaker was fired. They are 1-8 under interim coach Shimmy Gray-Miller.
NEW YORK (AP) — New calculations to better track HIV infections confirm that the U.S. is seeing a strong and steady decline.
The number of new cases has been falling for years. But health officials wanted a clearer picture of how the epidemic was behaving. They count people when they were diagnosed with the AIDS virus — not when they actually contracted it, which can be months or years earlier.
Counting infections instead of diagnoses is a more ideal gauge — a kind of speedometer that tells how fast the epidemic is actually moving, said David Holtgrave, an HIV researcher at Johns Hopkins University.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention used blood test results to help date the infections. Their calculations showed new infections dropped by nearly 18 percent over six years, the CDC reported Tuesday. Though health experts expected a decline, they welcomed the confirmation.
“It's very exciting to see this kind of drop,” said Ron Brookmeyer, a statistician at the University of California, Los Angeles.
It suggests that stepped-up efforts to diagnose and treat infections are paying off, he added.
The agency found that between 2008 and 2014, new infections fell:
—18 percent in the overall population, from 45,700 to 37,600.
—36 percent in heterosexuals.
—56 percent in people who inject drugs.
Two-thirds of the people who are diagnosed with HIV each year are gay and bisexual men. The CDC saw substantial declines in new infections in very young and in middle-aged men in that group. But there was a 35 percent increase in men ages 25 to 34, offsetting the other decreases.
Officials also said they were able to estimate annual HIV infections in 35 states. No state saw an increase. Seven saw significant decreases — Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Pennsylvania, New York, North Carolina and Texas.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WillSaints81 1000 Posts +
Join Date: Oct 2012 Posts: 3,080
I have about had it with this fanbase. I guess it may be time for me to turn on the saints. But what's really gonna turn me against them is the fact that I cannot co-exist with fans who want what cannot happenL a 200 yard limiting defense that is suffocating. And because of that, I may just need to move on maybe just quit the NFL altogether but my fantasy league keeps me from doing that. But if it's hard I may have no choice.
I do believe my time as a saints fan has worn its welcome.
I was Brees first fan not a saint first fan. The number one reason for watching the saints is offense and the fans can't see it's lacking.
As I said I held this team to a higher standing than the mavericks because of having a top QB.
Petal's 'Better Than You' Video Combats Artistic Self-Doubt
YouTube
In a striking scene that recurs throughout Petal's WXPN-premiered music video for the track "Better Than You," frontwoman Kylie Lotz engages in a nightmarish game of Whac-A-Mole. First, she's the one wielding a big foam hammer, face covered in grey carnival greasepaint, grinning hysterically as she dives after skittish heads popping out of the cork board below her. Later, she's one of those heads, nervously looking around and then retreating as a bigger, scarier version of herself lunges in.
Breaking down complex feelings of self-doubt surrounding creativity is just one introspective piece of Petal's sophomore album Magic Gone, produced by Will Yip and out in June on Run for Cover Records. Lotz said via press release that the album documents her journey from being a "closeted queer person struggling with chronic mental health disorders" to coming out, coming to terms with her anxieties, and making positive change in her life.
We hear that in the uplifting fuzz-rock riffs and soaring pop melodies on "Better Than You." And we see it in the video, directed by Christopher Good and designed by Andreina Byrne. In the high-energy, colorful montage, Lotz sings against bright backgrounds, plays with giant puzzles in a suburban parking lot, dances amid streamers hanging from a ceiling, and finds a palpable release by swinging a Fender Strat to tear them all down.
It's a fitting image for "Better Than You," a song that Lotz — a product of the Scranton, Pa. emo/punk scene — described on Twitter as being "about how the music industry makes you question everything about urself."
Sometimes you're the one with the brave face rocking the stage with bravado, socializing with other bands for hours on end after the gig is over; other times you're playing to an empty room, or worse, being ignored by a crowd who's there to see somebody else on the bill. As the existential questions start to circle round your head — 'What am I doing?,' 'Am I good enough for this?' — you want to be literally anywhere else.But the stage is exactly where you want to be and therein lies the problem.
As the chorus goes, "Maybe if you tried harder to seem like you didn't love it / But you do. But they're better than you."
Suspect In New York Subway Blast Had 'Low-Tech' Device Police are calling an explosion in a crowded corridor between two New York City subway stations Monday morning an attempted terror attack. Officials say suspect Akayed Ullah detonated an improvised pipe bomb that was strapped to his body.
Texas officials to look at power grid reliability
HOUSTON (AP) — Some electricity companies in Texas are planning to put less money into maintaining and modernizing plants, causing some officials to worry about energy reliability in the state. Electricity companies are seeing less profit as other sources of electricity, such as wind and solar, have entered the market, the Houston Chronicle reported. Some companies are now planning to cease investments in modernizing plants and may begin shutting some down. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
PINE BLUFF, Ark. — Martaveous McKnight scored 30 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and dished out 10 assists as Arkansas-Pine Bluff rolled to an 80-62 win over Alabama A&M on Saturday night.
McKnight was 12 of 17 from the field including three from distance for the Golden Lions (9-15, 9-1 Southwestern Athletic Conference) who lead the conference by two games over Grambling State. Trent Steen added 12 points and Terrance Banyard chipped in 10.
The team shot 53 per cent from the field compared to 37 per cent for Alabama A&M which took 22 shots from beyond the arc, making four of them.
The Golden Lions scored first and led all the way to an 11-point advantage before leading 37-28 at intermission.
It's foggy and warm for sure. But, rain is no guarantee today. Click and watch the forecast video for details.
An accountability court dismissed former Balochistan finance secretary Mushtaq Raisani's plea bargain request.
The court returned the request and the record after hearing the National Accountability Bureau prosecutor and investigation officer.
NAB's Executive Board in a surprise move in December accepted the plea bargain request of more than Rs 2 billion of Balochistan finance secretary Mushtaq Ahmad Raisani and Sohail Majeed Shah, contractor and frontman of Khalid Langove, ex-adviser to CM Balochistan for Finance.
Raisani has embezzled money worth Rs 40 billion, according to media reports.
National Accountability Bureau (NAB) Chairman Qamar Zaman came out in support of the plea bargain law, which allows an individual to pay back the amount they have embezzled to the public exchequer and the case closes against them.
Raisani was apprehended in May, this year, during a raid on offices of the finance department at Quetta Civil Secretariat, after over Rs 650 million in cash, including local and foreign currency and gold jewellery weighing several kilogrammes, was recovered from his residence. Following Raisani's arrest and the recovery of embezzled money, the provincial finance adviser Khalid Langove also immediately offered his resignation from the post. The finance department was also sealed during the raid while officials searched all rooms to sift through records. Records of the finance department were also seized for further investigation.
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how he viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how he responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," he told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counterprotesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
He said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"No. 1, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," he said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," he noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The commonwealth of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said he was acting on behalf of the Islamic State, he could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
She said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet he was charged with, convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
BURLINGTON, Vt. (AP) — More than 450 people enjoyed the fun and free food at an annual holiday party thrown by a 100-year-old Vermont resident.
Anthony Pomerleau says he pays for the entire party each year in Burlington, with this year's bill costing around $13,000. He tells WPTZ-TV he doesn't mind the cost because he “was brought up the hard way” and wants to help the less fortunate with his money.
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders helped kick off the first party 37 years ago when Pomerleau asked the independent senator, then mayor of Burlington, if he could throw a holiday dinner. Pomerleau says the party has fed at least 40,000 under-privileged children.
The centenarian also remarked on his age, saying “first of all, I'm 100 years old! Feels pretty good to be here.”
Advertisement
___
Information from: WPTZ-TV, http://www.thechamplainchannel.com
This. Is. Brilliant.
NBC has released a new promo for This Is Us‘ highly anticipated Super Bowl episode, playing into the current controversy surrounding the faulty slow-cooker that leads to Jack's demise. In the ad, portrayer Milo Ventimiglia delivers a “very special message” ahead of the Patriots vs. Eagles match-up, reminding audiences what a privilege it is to gather with loved ones for the Big Game.
“In 2018, gathering with friends and family is not as easy as what it used to be,” he says. “The country is divided, and sometimes that can make it tough to find common ground. This year, I think we should all take a deep breath, finds the ability to forgive and remind ourselves [that] there is no difference so great that we can't overcome it.” And then it happens. The shot pans down to reveal Ventimiglia removing the cover from a Crock-Pot to scoop out a bowl of chili, before the hashtag #CrockPotIsInnocent appears on screen.
The release of the ad comes days after This Is Us EP Dan Fogelman took to social media and told viewers not to be upset with the Crock-Pot brand. Shortly thereafter, the company cheekily addressed the episode on Facebook — even though the kitchen gadget portrayed in the Jan. 23 episode was technically labeled “Slow Cooker” and not actually the brand name “Crock-Pot” — before releasing an official statement to TVLine.
This Is Us‘ Super Bowl episode is scheduled to air Sunday night at approximately 10:15 pm ET/7:15 pm PT. In the meantime, press PLAY on the promo above.
India deserves extraordinary credit and respect for its democratic accomplishments on a scale that is almost impossible to imagine. Marking the Madisonian origins of its federalism doesn't detract from that credit in any way. Photo: Ajay Aggarwal/Hindustan Times
It's easy to think of all the ways India and the US are different, vastly separated by size, culture, religion and wealth. Yet the two are governed by a remarkably similar structure: democratic federalism, in which overlapping power is shared between provinces and a supreme central government.
That's not a coincidence. India, which broke free of British rule 70 years ago this week, based its structure of government on a model first introduced 230 summers ago by James Madison at the US constitutional convention in Philadelphia.
Madison told the assembled delegates that their proceedings “would decide forever the fate of republican government.” He was right. And India is the proof of it.
The Indian framers didn't choose federalism to be flattering or ideological. India remained non-allied through much of the Cold War, and Jawaharlal Nehru, the single most influential political leader of the era, had strong socialist impulses.
Also read: Narendra Modi's authority is unchallenged. So why isn't he doing more?
India's framers had no particular love for nor attachment to the US. Their educations were influenced by the UK, their former colonial power. They chose a parliamentary system for their national government, not an American-style presidential one.
Rather, the Indian framers chose federalism because they were looking for a system that seemed to allow their people to have a say in local government while simultaneously stopping the potentially fractious provinces from pulling apart. In other words, they picked federalism from the menu of constitutional options because they thought it fit their needs and circumstances.
Today, federalism seems like such a natural phenomenon that it's easy to forget it had a moment of invention. That invention involved both theoretical analysis and practical compromise.
In the run-up to the Philadelphia convention, it had become clear to just about everybody that the Articles of Confederation were failing. The national government, if it could be called that, lacked financing or the capacity to get it from the states. It couldn't speak authoritatively on behalf of the member states. It couldn't run a national trade policy. Essentially, the attempt to federate small republican commonwealths together was foundering on the difficulty of coordinating action between them.
Madison understood that the citizens of the states were not ready to see them abolished or to accept their consolidation into a single national government. Yet coordination was required—and that couldn't be accomplished without giving the central government some coercive authority over the states.
Madison's innovative solution was for the new national government to exercise direct legislative authority over individuals, not simply over the states, as Congress had tried to do under the Articles. At the same time, crucially, the states would govern their citizens with respect to local matters, as they had been doing.
The idea that two different authorities would simultaneously make laws for citizens was far from obvious—and at first glance it seemed riddled with contradiction. America's colonial legislatures had passed laws for the Crown's subjects who lived in them. But those legislatures served at the pleasure of the Crown, which reserved the right to veto any laws they enacted.
For its part, Parliament, well along in the process of becoming the true ruler of Britain, brooked no dissent from colonial bodies. The taxes it imposed on the colonies had to be obeyed. The pretensions of the colonies to resist Parliament's authority had sown the seeds of the Revolutionary War.
Yet Madison insisted that federalism could be done. He believed that Congress should have the power to veto state laws it did not like, which in his opinion would reduce the possibility of flat out disagreement between the two governments. But despite his repeated insistence on this provision, the other delegates in Philadelphia refused to adopt it.
The result was a system of government that defied the received wisdom that ultimate sovereignty must be found in only one place—that logically speaking there could be no sovereign within a sovereign (imperium in imperio, the founders' generation liked to say in Latin).
By adopting a system of overlapping sovereigns, the American framers “split the atom of sovereignty,” to use Justice Anthony Kennedy's rather grand and mildly anachronistic phrase.
The energy released by this revolutionary act was not entirely to the good. The American Civil War can be blamed, at least in part, on the fact that the Constitution didn't clearly specify whether the states' rights included the right to secede.
Yet both domestically and globally, the Philadelphia convention gave birth to modern federalism. It is the most important American contribution to democratic government worldwide.
Without it, diverse India wouldn't work as a single nation. The same can be said of Canada, which is probably prouder of its federalism than the US is. Australia is federal. So are Brazil and Germany and (to a large degree) South Africa. Democratic federalism works all over the globe.
India deserves extraordinary credit and respect for its democratic accomplishments on a scale that is almost impossible to imagine. Marking the Madisonian origins of its federalism doesn't detract from that credit in any way. But in a time where US constitutional democracy is under pressure, it's good to remember that the system has its good sides, too. Bloomberg View
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alien invaders have pulled out of Cambridgeshire - and taken their flying saucers with them.
Police data on UFO and ET sightings in the county has revealed the county is no favourite with bug-eyed monsters or little green men - or whatever aliens look like.
The data shows there was one report of aliens and one report of a UFO to the Cambridgeshire force in 2015.
The following year ET was a bit more active with two reports of aliens sighted and two of UFOs.
But last year (2017) not one extraterrestrial or their spacecraft were reported to police, according to figures released using freedom of information laws.
Dr David Sutton, editor of the Fortean Times, a monthly magazine of news and research on strange phenomena, said: "At Fortean Times we tend to associate Cambridgeshire with reports of mystery big cats – like the infamous 'Fen Tiger' – rather than UFO sightings.
"And on the strength of these figures, it's not exactly a UFO hot-spot, with 2017 having been a particularly disappointing year.
"Perhaps we should bear in mind, though, that these figures are based on emergency calls to the local police ... who are probably extremely grateful that they don't receive too many 999 calls about alien visitors."
But Tony Buckingham, founder of East Anglia UFO Group, said alienss are amongst us.
He said: "Although UFO sightings are down from a few years ago, they have not left Cambridgeshire. I interviewed two people just this week (Littleport and Chatteris).
"One of the sightings was a few weeks ago and the other was older. My feeling is that people have their heads down much more often (looking at phones etc I guess), and just don't look up, like they once did.
Indeed last year (2017) an eagle-eyed amateur photographer spotted an eerie green UFO shaped light in the Cambridge skyline.
Carole Middleton was on a camera club outing with the Cambridgeshire Bat Conservation Trust on June 21 when she caught sight of a mysterious saucer shaped green light hovering above the old Cambridge pumping station in Cheddars Lane.
Cambridgeshire's most remarkable UFO sightings
M11
Three years ago a woman who is a member of the group saw 'a big gun metal grey triangle floating in a field' with her two children.
Following the incident all three claim to have developed supernatural abilities.
One of her children 'sees auras' around people of all different colours.
Her other daughter claims she has visitations at night time, and her third daughter has what looks like an implant on her hand which she claims gives her electric shocks which have given her intelligence beyond her years.
UFO group investigates 'ball of orange light' spotted over Cambridgeshire
Newmarket
Another member claims she was driving to Newmarket with her brother when she was chased by a flying saucer.
It came down behind her and she could see 'a big white light'. As fast as she was going, she couldn't get away from it - until she stopped in Newmarket and it 'just disappeared'.
Was it a lorry or an alien? You decide.
She claims ever since she's been visited by strange orbs, and on one occasion saw 'footprints in her bedroom mirror'.
Another lady in the group says she was driving through Newmarket several years ago at 7am when a 'red light' appeared in the distance.
It was was joined by five or six others which seemed to be 'dancing and playing tag', until one came forward very quickly and landed in the field opposite where they were sitting.
When she got out to have a look, a huge bright white object rose up - the height of a house - then just flew off behind them.
Fed Raises Key Interest Rate For 4th Time Since 2015
Enlarge this image toggle caption Susan Walsh/AP Susan Walsh/AP
Updated at 3:55 p.m. ET.
Federal Reserve policymakers have raised their target for the benchmark federal funds interest rate by a quarter-point, to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent.
Despite the increase — the fourth since December 2015 — interest rates remain near historic lows, but the move will mean higher borrowing costs for consumers. The Fed previously raised rates in March, and on Wednesday, it signaled plans for one more rate increase this year.
In a statement Wednesday, the policymakers said that "the labor market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has been rising moderately so far this year."
The economy grew at a rate of 1.2 percent in the first quarter of this year, about half as fast as it did in the final three months of 2016. Unemployment dipped to 4.3 percent in May, a 16-year low.
"Job gains have moderated but have been solid, on average, since the beginning of the year, and the unemployment rate has declined," the Fed statement said. "Household spending has picked up in recent months, and business fixed investment has continued to expand."
Greg McBride, an analyst with consumer financial site Bankrate.com, tells NPR's Yuki Noguchi that, taken together, the Fed's moves have caused home equity and car loan rates to increase about 1 percentage point over the last two years.
"The combination of rising debt burdens and rising interest rates is starting to strain some households, and we're seeing delinquencies pick up from recent lows," McBride says.
In the wake of the financial crisis, the central bank added Treasury securities and mortgage-backed securities to its balance sheet. Now it's making plans to reduce those holdings, which total more than $4 trillion.
The Fed said it "currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalization program this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated."
As Reuters reports:
"Those are very helpful, beneficial, because they're a big impact to what we're doing and the success we've had this early part of the season," Pederson says.
"And the other thing, too, is these are veteran players who have been on, in Chris's case (and Blount's), on championship teams. They know how to work. They know how to practice. They know how to prepare. And that's what you want. You want those types of guys in and around your football team."
Philly has some defensive issues to settle, with a series of injuries in the secondary and to star DT Fletcher Cox. The Eagles have allowed 52 points in the fourth quarter.
RAMS (3-1)
While most of Los Angeles concentrates on the Dodgers or USC or UCLA, the Rams quietly have put together an offence that is outperforming its purported strength, the defence. LA's 142 points easily lead the NFL, and Jared Goff has been a revelation in his first full season as a starter. He leads the league in four key passing categories.
Yes, the revitalization of 2015 Offensive Rookie of the Year Todd Gurley has been huge — Gurley is second rushing with 362 yards and has scored seven touchdowns (four rushing, three receiving). There's also been an influx of veteran talent here: T Andrew Whitworth, LB Connor Barwin and WR Sammy Watkins.
New coach Sean McVay, at 31 the youngest in NFL history, has energized the offence with his schemes and aggressiveness, while passing on the praise.
"I think what good coaches do is they put their players in situations to have success, but ultimately, those players are the ones that are making those plays," McVay says.
"You feel fortunate to be a part of that and I think the players have done a good job, but I also can't say enough about our coaching staff. Everybody talks about Jared and what he's done, and he's done an excellent job.
"But I also think it's important to know how heavily involved (offensive co-ordinator) Matt LaFleur and (QBs coach) Greg Olson are in his development and those day-to-day things where he's got an ownership on what we're trying to get done."
BILLS (3-1)
The previous time the Bills made the playoffs, America was worrying about the Y2K virus. It's the NFL's longest post-season drought.
To say right now that Buffalo is on the verge of ending that streak is foolish. It's the third time since 2000 the team has been 3-1 or better. The Bills finished with losing records the previous two times.
Still, with a defence that has allowed the NFL's fewest points (54), and consecutive defensive masterpieces against Denver and Atlanta, the Bills shouldn't be dismissed.
If QB Tyrod Taylor remains efficient, outstanding running back LeSean McCoy stays healthy and productive, and the D continues to be dynamic, the Bills could have staying power.
REDSKINS (2-2)
Their performance in a loss at Kansas City was almost as impressive as their throttling of Oakland the previous week.
Undermanned and facing the league's only undefeated team, the Redskins were the better squad for much of the night.
Kirk Cousins, franchise-tag-be-damned, has elevated his game; he's been the NFC East's best QB so far. He's doing it with a so-so group of wideouts and a shuffling deck at running back.
Washington's defence has been the real discovery, though. A sieve for portions of last season, it has found a pass rush and, while not dominant, has been effective overall. But it's banged-up now, with top cornerback Josh Norman sidelined.
JETS (2-2)
The Jets made regular appearances in late-night monologues and prognostications of 0-16 seemed not that farfetched.
Well, they've won their past two games, both at home, and head to 0-4 Cleveland with a shot at a winning record.
Their offence has been much more capable than anyone imagined, and they appear to have two studs at safety in rookies Jamal Adams and Marcus Maye.
If they manage to win six times with this roster — other than a matchup with the Chargers, the schedule is rugged — Todd Bowles should be coach of the year.
Even if Andy Reid goes 16-0.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Barry Wilner, The Associated Press
A federal judge told adult film star Stormy Daniels' attorney Wednesday that he must stop his "publicity tour" if he wishes to have a formal role in the FBI's case against President Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen. Daniels' attorney then withdrew his application to be included in the proceedings.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood told Michael Avenatti that although he is free to speak now, he would have to end his attacks on Cohen if he became part of the case.
"That means that you would have to stop doing some things you have been doing. If you participate here, you would not be able to declare your opinion as to Mr. Cohen's guilt, which you did; you would not be able to give publicity to documents that are not public. It would change your conduct," Wood said.
"I don't want you to have some existence in a limbo, where you are free to denigrate Mr. Cohen and I believe potentially deprive him of a fair trial by tainting a jury pool."
After the court hearing, Avenatti withdrew his request to join the case.
During the hearing, Cohen attorney Stephen Ryan criticized Avenatti for his frequent appearances on cable news shows. By Ryan's count, Avenatti made at least 170 TV appearances and Ryan said he attacked Cohen in most of them.
"I have never seen an attorney conduct himself in the manner that Mr. Avenatti has," Ryan told Wood.
Ryan also said Avenatti had improperly acquired and released certain bank records related to Cohen's business dealings.
More: Millions of items seized in Michael Cohen raid to be vetted for prosecutors
More: Stormy Daniels lawyer Michael Avenatti threatens to sue 'Daily Caller' reporters
More: A porn star, an oligarch and corporate CEOs: Who's who in the Stormy Daniels-Michael Cohen saga
Wood gave lawyers from Trump and Cohen until June 15 to identify which of the 3.7 million files seized from Cohen by the FBI in April they believe are protected by attorney-client privilege.
"I don't know if we can make that," Ryan told Wood, who stuck to the deadline despite the objections from Cohen's team.
Michael Kors storefront with gray walls, white tile floor, and off-white ceiling.
Michael Kors
Daniels, who was not at the hearing, was paid $130,000 by Cohen before the 2016 election to keep silent about an alleged 2006 affair with Trump.
After the hearing, Avenatti told reporters he believes Ryan confirmed the existence of audio recordings relating to Daniels.
"As a result of our efforts, there was a shocking admission that was made in court today, namely, that just like the Nixon tapes, we now have what I will refer to as the Trump tapes," Avenatti said.
He called for the "release of all those audio recordings to the American people and to Congress so that they can be heard by all." Then, he added, "people can make their own determination as to their importance as it relates to the president, what he knew and when he knew it, and what he did as it relates to conspiring with Michael Cohen to commit one or more potential crimes."
Contributing: The Associated Press
'Stormy Daniels Day': West Hollywood to award porn star a key to the city
More: Trump lawyer Michael Cohen's biz partner pleads guilty; will he flip on Cohen?
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Piter Abi Unes is the owner of a winery "Chateau Wadih" in the mountainous part of Lebanon. He is a pioneer in launching the production of blue wine. In an interview with Sputnik, Unes explained the secret behind this unique product.
The Lebanese wine market is currently in competition with many foreign imported wines. One Lebanese man, however, has launched a product which has no parallel — blue wine.
According to wine making enthusiast Piter Abi Unes, the skin of grapes has substances that give off seven colors, blue being among them. This color is produced by a substance called Anthocyan and it is contained in black grapes.
“If you add this substance to the wine from white grapes, you get a blue wine. I make dry blue and dessert wine. So you can choose according to your taste,” Unes said.
The entrepreneur further said that he purposely lowered the price of blue wine so that it would be less costly than the imported wines in Lebanon.
© Sputnik / Zahraa al Аmir Piter Abi Unes
Currently, his winery produces 10,000 bottles a year, with each passing year production increases as the demand rises.
Despite his successful endeavor in wine making, for Piter this has been more of a hobby, as he is a surgeon by profession
According to him, he was able to deduce the necessary formula thanks to his medical education, good knowledge of chemistry and a three-year study of the subtleties of winemaking.
© Sputnik / Zahraa al Аmir Grapevine
He brought all his grape saplings from Italy and has over 2,000 plants of just Pinot Noir grapes. The vineyard is located at an altitude of 1,300 m above sea level in the very picturesque mountainous part of Lebanon.
“I became a winemaker in 2012. Every three months a specialist from France comes to me, who gives valuable advice and supervises my work. The idea for blue wine I took from Spain. In general, I experiment a lot,” Unes told Sputnik.
Now he plans to launch non-alcoholic beer made from apples, as it can be exported to the countries of the Persian Gulf where alcohol is forbidden.
“This summer we will send our first batch of wine to Italy. Plans are to start the production of blue champagne as everything for that is ready,” the winemaker concluded.
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid are considering a stunning summer swoop for Tottenham and England midfielder Dele Alli.
Current PFA Young Player of the Year Alli has is being monitored closely by the Spanish giants who have raided White Hart Lane for Luka Modric and Gareth Bale in recent years.
Real are currently serving a one-window transfer ban, but will be clear to make a move in the the summer.
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino has already admitted Alli is worth at least £50million, and said the 20-year-old midfielder has the ability to be among the best players in Europe for the next decade.
Alli signed a new six-year contract in September, worth nearly £60,000-a-week.
(Photo: Tottenham Hotspur FC via Getty)
It more than doubled his salary after penning a new five-year contract a year ago worth £25,000 a week following his move from League One football with MK Dons in summer 2015.
News of Real's interest will put Spurs under pressure to table fresh terms once again to try to keep the player happy.
Starlet Alli, also being watched by French champions Paris Saint-Germain, has just scored successive Premier League braces in away wins over Southampton and Watford to take his top-flight tally for the season to eight already.
He hit 10 goals last term and bagged 16 from his first 50 Premier League games — more than twice the combined tally of Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard.
MirrorSport understands Alli would find it extremely hard to turn down a huge move to Spain.
Real Madrid have been banned from signing players this month by world governing body FIFA after a row over signing young players from outside Spain.
But they are planning to shake up their squad in the summer, with forwards James Rodriguez and Isco among the possible departures.
The Spanish club pay massive salaries.
(Photo: Getty)
Cristiano Ronaldo recently penned a new deal worth £400,000-a-week after tax and Bale, who became the most expensive player in the world when he made an £85m move to the Bernabeu in 2013, signed a six-year contract earlier this season worth £187m.
Spurs are admirers of Spain international Isco, who could potentially form part of any deal for Alli.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In tonight's EastEnders, Max Branning is dealt another massive blow as he faces the consequences of his actions.
The schemer is finally given some good news when he discovers that Jack has arranged for his son Oscar to visit.
Max decides to apologise to Abi after his harsh words, so she agrees to help out ahead of her brother's arrival.
However, he suffers another setback when Denise finds out that Oscar is headed to Walford and takes matters into her own hands to bring Max some pain.
Max and Abi are distraught after Denise's intervention, but will the businessman be sent over the edge?
Meanwhile, Mick and Linda receive a job offer at another pub, but there's a big problem as they won't be able to bring the whole family with them.
Shirley encourages her son to take it up, but there could be another solution if Mick teams up with Aidan.
Phil's mate tries to tempt Mick into helping with his dodgy scheme, promising that his financial problems will be solved.
Elsewhere, a worried Ian begs Phil to help him get rid of James Willmott-Brown.
Wanting to help Kathy, he sets up a meeting with the evil businessman.
* EastEnders airs tonight on BBC One at 8.00pm
One person is dead and another is in critical condition after a single-vehicle crash.
It happened on Sage Lake Road near County Line Road in Ogemaw County's Richland Township on March 12 at around 3:30 a.m.
Michigan State Police report that a 33-year-old man from Sterling was driving south on Sage Lake Road when the vehicle failed to make the corner near County Line Road.
The car left the road, hit a power pole and rolled several times, throwing the man from the vehicle.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
His passenger, a 35-year-old woman, also from Sterling, was trapped inside the vehicle and had to be cut out.
At last check she was in critical condition.
The accident remains under investigation.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Monza, May 30 - A 34-year-old Albanian woman is dead after being stabbed by her 35-year-old Moroccan husband in a car at Seregno near Monza Wednesday, local sources said. The man went to police and said he had just stabbed his wife. The woman briefly fought for her life in Monza's San Gerardo Hospital. The couple, who have a five-year-old son, stopped living together about two months ago, sources said.
QUEENSLAND, Australia – Good boy, Max!
A 17-year-old blue heeler in Queensland, Australia is being hailed a hero after staying by the side of a 3-year-old girl who had been missing for more than 15 hours in the wilderness, according to ABC.net.au.
Aurora went missing around 3 p.m. Friday. After several hours without luck, the search party decided to stop for the night.
“It was really disheartening when everybody left,” said Leisa Bennett, Aurora's grandmother. “We were standing in the darkness knowing a 3-year-old was out in the cold. It wasn't a situation where we could go home and sleep in our warm blankets knowing she was out here.”
They continued looking Saturday morning, but the rugged terrain was difficult to navigate.
“The area around the house is quite mountainous and is very inhospitable terrain to go walking in, so she'd travelled quite a distance with her dog that was quite loyal to her,” State Emergency Services Area Controller Ian Phipps told ABC.
Then, around 8:00 a.m., Bennett heard the little girl's voice from the top of the mountain and found Max. They were roughly 1.2 miles from the house.
“When I heard her yell ‘Granby' I knew it was her,” Bennett said. “I shot up the mountain, and when I got to the top, the dog came to me and led me straight to her. He never left her sight. She smelled of dog. She slept with the dog.”
Now, the pup is being called a hero and has been named an honorary police dog.
“The child had been out in the elements all night with the only company of an elderly, blind, half-deaf dog,” said Queensland Police Inspector Craig Berry. “It was quite an amazing event, and a fantastic outcome.”
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — A North Dakota woman accused of killing a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby is set to change her plea.
Brooke Crews, 38, was scheduled to appear in state district court in Fargo on Monday. Her attorney has said Crews doesn't have a plea agreement with prosecutors.
She and her boyfriend, William Hoehn, 32, have pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit murder and kidnapping in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind. Investigators haven't said how Greywind was killed, but Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd has said her death was a “cruel and vicious act of depravity.”
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared on Aug. 19. Her body was found eight days later in the Red River, wrapped in plastic and duct tape. Her baby was found alive in the apartment where Crews and Hoehn lived, in Greywind's building.
Advertisement
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up her newborn daughter, but she later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents. Crews told police she arranged to have Greywind come to her apartment and told her how to induce labor. Greywind came back two days later to give her the newborn baby, Crews said.
But Hoehn told police a different story, according to the documents. He said he came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said: “This is our baby. This is our family.”
Hoehn told police he took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and his bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex, according to the court documents. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
The baby is now in the custody of her father, Ashton Matheny, who was Greywind's boyfriend.
Manchester United suffered a painful Premier League defeat in midweek, falling 2-0 to Spurs at Wembley.
Jose Mourinho will be looking for his side to bounce back immediately, as Alexis Sanchez makes his home debut against Huddersfield Town.
United's defeat saw them fall 15 points off leaders Man City, but more pertinently, allowed Spurs in fifth to close the gap between the two sides to five points.
With Spurs at Liverpool on Sunday however, the visit of David Wagner's Terriers represents the perfect opportunity for Mourinho's side to embolden their position within the top four.
The Special One will also update on the fitness of Marouane Fellaini and will likely also be asked about his touchline issues with Paul Pogba in midweek.
Find out Mourinho's thoughts as he gives his pre-match press conference at Carrington, right here...
Winners and losers from the January transfer window as Premier League clubs splash record amount
Researcher Says Rate Employment Doesn't Accurately Represent Black America NPR's Mary Louise Kelly talks with Andre Perry of the Brookings Institution about the jobs report from September and how full employment has not reached black America.
A Look At How Right-Leaning And Left-Leaning Media Impacted The GOP Memo Release
Conservative media helped set the stage for Friday's controversial release of a memo from the House Intelligence Committee that claims FBI bias against President Trump. Outlets, including Breitbart News and Fox News, played a role with their coverage.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Republicans have been calling for the release of the Nunes memo for more than a week. And one place these calls were loudest was in the conservative media. North Country Public Radio's Brian Mann reports.
BRIAN MANN, BYLINE: Tune into most mainstream media, the debate over this memo sounded complex and described a messy fight where the Russia destination collided with government secrecy and transparency, where partisanship smacked up against the rule of law. But in popular conservative outlets, it sounded a lot more simple and sinister. Again and again, audiences were told there's a secret society within the Justice Department, a deep state plot by the FBI against President Trump.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "HANNITY")
SEAN HANNITY: Our sources are telling us that the abuse of power is far bigger than Watergate.
MANN: Here's Sean Hannity, the influential talk radio host, speaking on his Fox News TV show two weeks ago. On show after show, Hannity claimed that the FBI had been co-opted - corrupted and weaponized by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "HANNITY")
HANNITY: What we're talking about tonight is an abuse of the powerful tools of intelligence that we use to spy on people, except those tools were used against an opposition candidate and a president-elect and his entire team.
MANN: This narrative dominated politically conservative online outlets, including Daily Caller and Drudge. They argued that concerns about the memo raised by the Justice Department, the FBI and Democrats were part of a cover-up far more dangerous than Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
(SOUNDBITE OF RADIO SHOW, "THE RUSH LIMBAUGH SHOW")
RUSH LIMBAUGH: Why are they working so hard to prevent this from being seen? Why are they bending over backwards to prevent the American people from finding out how the FBI operated?
MANN: Rush Limbaugh sounded the alarm yesterday on his talk radio show.
(SOUNDBITE OF RADIO SHOW, "THE RUSH LIMBAUGH SHOW")
LIMBAUGH: If the FBI, because of the politicized nature - which can corrupt - has been used to advance partisan political purposes of some of the leadership, this we need to know. And it needs to be cleaned out.
MANN: Some conservative outlets have included voices skeptical about the decision by Republican Congressman Devin Nunes, chair of the House intelligence committee, to seek the release of this memo. Here's news anchor Shepard Smith speaking this week on Fox.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "SHEPARD SMITH REPORTING")
SHEPARD SMITH: This is from Devin Nunes, whose last big act of mass distraction was eventually seen as exactly that on the midnight run...
MANN: Smith suggested the memo was designed by Republicans to divert media attention away from the Russia probe. If that was the goal - to distract - they've been highly successful so far, Smith said. More left-leaning media, meanwhile, have largely embraced concerns raised by the FBI that the memo is dangerously flawed, omitting classified information that would have provided more context and a more balanced understanding of the Justice Department's activities and motivations. Here's Joe Scarborough, a former Republican lawmaker, speaking on his show on MSNBC.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "MORNING JOE")
JOE SCARBOROUGH: They pushed to release a memo that is distorted by what's in it and what's distorted by what is not in it. And they know that will misinform the public.
MANN: Now the memo is out. Audiences will have a chance to decide for themselves - did conservative media beat the drums for a distraction that doesn't bear up under scrutiny, or have outlets like Fox and Rush Limbaugh helped raise even more troubling questions about the 2016 presidential election? Brian Mann, NPR News.
(SOUNDBITE OF FREDERICK KNIGHT SONG, "I'VE BEEN LONELY FOR SO LONG")
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Wallets at the ready – Netflix could be about to introduce a new more expensively priced subscription tier that offers the best of the streaming service's features, but at the expense of those already paying top dollar.
TuttoAndroid has spotted that some European Netflix users are being presented with an option to try out a new 'Ultra' tier, priced at between €16.99 and €19.99 a month. This is up from the current top 'Premium' tier which costs €13.99 a month.
The pricing tests have since been confirmed by Netflix to CNET, with CordCutting.com also noting that the test appears to be being rolled out across the continent with nations including Germany being trialled.
Missing features
However, while the pricing looks to be going up, that doesn't look like it'll be bringing new features with it. Instead, it'll be removing features from lower tiers.
It's Premium subscribers who look to be hit hardest, who will not only see their maximum simultaneous streams drop from 4 to 2, but will lose out on the ability to view content in HDR entirely.
As Netflix's big original content push continues, it's understandable that it will be looking to boost its coffers. However, to do so by removing features from their most loyal customer's packages rather than enticing them to pay more with new innovative feature seems a cynical move.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A driver borrowed his friend's £900,000 Lamborghini to show off at a party - but wrote off the luxury vehicle after crashing into a palm tree.
The man jumped into the black Murcialago LP670-4 SuperVeloce after eating at a restaurant with pals in Bangkok, Thailand.
He had two friends in the car and it became airborne as he drove up a steep part of the road.
He then lost control of the supercar , clipped a motorbike and ploughed the vehicle into a palm tree at the side of the road at 3am on Monday morning.
The driver was unhurt but his two friends suffered minor cuts and bruises in the crash .
(Photo: Viral Press)
(Photo: Viral Press)
Horror pictures show the entire front and side of the sports car totally destroyed and the devastated driver with his head in his hands.
Police said that the group escaped serious harm but the driver would be charged with reckless driving, causing injury to others and damaging private property.
(Photo: Viral Press)
(Photo: Viral Press)
(Photo: Viral Press)
Rescuer Worapol Rachatawet, who took pictures of the wrecked Lamborghini, said: "The man who was driving had a face as white as a ghost. He'll be paying for the damage for a long time.
"It's a miracle nobody was killed because the car was smashed very badly. It will need to be sent to the scrapyard. If I was the owner I would be crying."
(Photo: Viral Press)
A Lamborghini Murcialago LP670-4 SuperVeloce can cost around £400,000 in the UK but car prices are typically double in Thailand due to higher import taxes.
The owner told officers that he had paid 40million Thai Baht for the car - around £900,000.
Global LiDAR Market was worth USD 260 million in 2015. It is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 12% from 2016 to 2024 (forecast period). Rising demand for 3D imaging technology in a variety of applications is an important market driver. The adoption of aerial systems for detection and exploration of historic details is increasing. Vendors are in the process of introducing several novel products in this space. These factors are propelling market growth.
However, LiDAR system's components like laser scanner, navigation systems, high-resolution 3D cameras, etc. are expensive. This coupled with poor consumer awareness may hamper its future prospects.
The market is segmented as per applications, products, components, and regions. Applications are divided into civil engineering, government, topographical surveys, corridor mapping, and military & defense. Civil engineering, which includes areas like power line deployments and flooded mapping, would grow at a CAGR of 17% over the forecast period.
Topological surveys, and military & defense are projected to grow at a steady rate till 2024. Government applications could increase owing to technological developments in forestry management, railways, roadways, etc.
Browse Details of Report @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/lidar-market
Products comprise short range, airborne, mobile, and terrestrial. Terrestrial products held over 30% of the total revenues in 2015. Their advantages include remote acquisition and measurement, and high point density data. Mobile systems are foreseen to grow at a CAGR of over 24% in the next eight years. This attributes to surging demand for accurate, high-resolution 3D geospatial data.
Components include laser scanners, GPS (Global Positioning System), data storage & management, navigation/IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit), and others. ‘Others' consist of MEMS (Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems) mirror and cameras. IMU is expected to grow at a 23% CAGR through the forecast period.
North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and MEA (the Middle East & Africa) constitute the regional segments of the LiDAR market. North America is poised to dominate by 2024. It could account for over 39% of the market revenues that year. This is credited to widespread adoption of advanced 3D imaging technologies by the U.S. government. Asia Pacific should grow owing to escalating spending on military & defense.
Key players in the global market include Aerometric Quantum Spatial, Airborne Hydrography AB, Reigl Laser Measurement System GmBH, Michael Baker International, Lecia Geosystems AG. They focus on collaborations, acquisitions, and product launches to gain market share.
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/communications-infrastructure-industry
TORONTO — Ontario's newly elected Progressive Conservative government has halted changes to sports and concert ticket price legislation that would have capped resale values for events across the province.
A spokesman for the Tories confirmed today that the law passed by the previous Liberal government to address escalating ticket prices will not immediately move ahead.
The Tories say the law attempted to put a cap on ticket resale prices but had no mechanisms to enforce the measure.
The new government, which was officially sworn on last Friday, says it will review the section of the consumer protection law that deals with ticket resale.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CLOSE SportsPulse: Trysta Krick says the NFL's new policy on national anthem protests doesn't help anyone but the owners. USA TODAY Sports
Colin Kaepernick is claiming NFL teams are colluding to keep him from playing in the league after protesting during the anthem. (Photo: Matt Kartozian, USA TODAY Sports)
An NFL owner decided not to offer free agent Colin Kaepernick a contract after President Trump called for firing players who knelt during the national anthem.
Kaepernick's attorney said the unnamed owner made the comments while under oath during a deposition in the collusion grievance the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback filed against the league.
Mark Geragos told the Straight Aim podcast on Tuesday the testimony provides proof of collusion.
"In this civil case, there's no doubt that the existing coaches — and I'm talking about Super Bowl-winning coaches — have testified under oath that he's a starting quarterback in this league, and so that's mind boggling,” Geragos said.
More than a dozen NFL executives have been deposed by Kaepernick's legal team, including owners of the Baltimore Ravens, Houston Texans and New England Patriots, as well as Denver Broncos general manager John Elway.
“When you ask them … specifically why he isn't being hired … they say because of the national anthem policy," Geragos added. "The only reason — and the owners will admit that — they haven't signed him is they're afraid of Trump, and they've colluded because of Trump."
More: Jerry Jones said President Donald Trump told him NFL 'can't win' anthem issue, per report
More: Trump praises NFL's anthem policy, says protesters maybe 'shouldn't be in the country'
Kaepernick last played in the NFL in 2016, taking a knee during the national anthem before each game to protest racial injustice and police brutality.
Last week, NFL owners issued a revised anthem policy that fines teams if their players do not "show proper respect" during the anthem, but gives players the option of staying in the locker room.
Trump lauded the new policy, while also suggesting players who didn't stand for the anthem "shouldn't be in the country."
Follow Gardner on Twitter @SteveAGardner
Episode 822: The Shortest Super Bowl
Enlarge this image Rick Osentoski/AP Rick Osentoski/AP
There is a huge economy surrounding the Super Bowl. And nowhere is this more visible than in one crazed market: ticket sales. Usually, the game is a bonanza for professional ticket salesmen.
#822: The Shortest Super Bowl #822: The Shortest Super Bowl Listen · 23:45 23:45
But the 2015 Super Bowl was different.
Two weeks before the big game, the Super Bowl market collapsed, catastrophically. Brokers went belly up. Tickets vanished. And companies had to spend millions of dollars to reimburse a lot of angry fans. What happened? Today on the show, we try to figure it out.
Music: "Go, Go, Go," "Complete Me," "Robot Bones" and "Get Flappy"
Find us: Twitter / Facebook / Instagram
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts, PocketCasts and NPR One.
BRANDON LEAGUE GETS 1ST ALPB WIN IN 7-6 VICTORY
BOX SCORE
In 140 Characters or Fewer: Maddox totals 4 RBI, League gets 1st Atlantic League win as Bees secure the series win over York with 7-6 victory #NewBritainVsEverybody
The Game Changed When…: Craig Maddox stepped up to the plate with the game tied at 5 and runners on second and third in the top of the 8th inning. Maddox would bring both of them home to notch his 3rd and 4th RBI of the game and give New Britain the 7-5 lead. Both runs would prove to be crucial as York would battle back in the bottom of the 9th with 1 run, but the Bees would hold on for the win.
Pitchers of Record: W: Brandon League (1-2) | L: Ricardo Gomez (2-3) | SV: Shawn Gilblair (12)
Player(s) of the Game: Craig Maddox (New Britain) – 2-3, 4 RBI | Chase Simpson (York) – 1-4, HR, 2 RBI | Alonzo Harris (York) – 4-6, 2B
Next Game: Tuesday, August 15th, 6:35 P.M.
Tale of the Tape – Southern Maryland Blue Crabs (13-22, 51-53) vs. New Britain Bees (14-21, 40-65)
Starting Pitchers – New Britain: RHP Kyle Simon (7-10, 4.68) | Southern Maryland: TBD
TICKETS: BUY HERE | Available at the New Britain Stadium Box Office | Call 860-826-BEES
PROMOTIONS: The Bees are back home just in time for Two-Fer Tuesday at New Britain Stadium! Use promo code “BOGO” when purchasing tickets online to take advantage of a special buy one, get one ticket offer!
Broadcast: The Bees' Official YouTube Channel (youtube.com/NewBritainBees) and Facebook Live (facebook.com/newbritainbees), starting at 6:20 P.M.
Bees Buzz: Today's game was Nick Greenwood's 100th start of his professional career…Craig Maddox tallied 4 RBI in a game for the first time since April 23rd of this season, also against the Revolution…Brandon League earned his first Atlantic League win in today's game…Jovan Rosa has recorded a hit in 11 consecutive games, and has also recorded at least 1 RBI in 4 straight games…Michael Crouse scored 3 runs, which ties the season high for most runs scored in a game by a Bees player, without registering a single hit…Craig Maddox batted .500 in this series against York (7-14) with a double and 6 RBI…Nate Roe has not allowed a run in 8 consecutive outings. He and Brandon League did not give up a run to the Revolution in all of the 2017 regular season…Michael Baca recorded 3 hits in a game for the second time this season, as well as his professional career. His first 3 hit game was on July 19th against Long Island…The Bees drew 9 walks in today's game, which is a new season high for most walks in a game…Today's game was New Britain's longest 9 inning game of the season by 14 minutes (3:47)…The Bees are now 16-13 in one run games…Jovan Rosa extended his consecutive games played for the Bees streak to 245, and his overall consecutive games played streak to 268, including postseason. Rosa is also 4 games away from 900 games played in his professional career.
NEW BRITAIN'S WINNING STREAK SNAPPED AT 3 IN LOSS
BOX SCORE
In 140 Characters or Fewer: Hinshaw collects 2 hits, drives in a pair, but New Britain's win streak is snapped at 3 after 13-4 loss to Revolution #NewBritainVsEverybody
The Game Changed When…: York sent 12 batters to the plate in the bottom of the 1st inning. A pair of home runs, one by Isaias Tejeda and the other by Telvin Nash, along with RBI hits from Chase Simpson, Ryan Dent, Alonzo Harris and Alexi Casilla would give York an early, assertive 7-0 lead. The offense generated in that inning would be all that York needed to get the win.
Pitchers of Record: W: Steve Janas (4-5) | L: Brian Dupra (3-9)
Player(s) of the Game: Telvin Nash (York) – 3-5, 2B, HR, 2 RBI | Isaias Tejeda (York) – 2-4, 2B, HR, 2 RBI | Jordan Hinshaw (New Britain) – 2-4, 2 RBI
Bees Buzz: With a hit in tonight's game, Jake McGuiggan is now 1 hit away from 100 hits in his professional career…Brandon Fry's outing tonight was his longest outing since he pitched 3 full innings of relief on May 6th in Sugar Land…Brian Dupra's start tonight was the shortest start in Bees franchise history, only lasting 2/3 of an inning…Craig Maddox has gone 5-11 in this series, and has recorded multiple hits in 3 of his last 5 games…York scored 7 runs in the bottom of the 1st inning, which ties New Britain's season high for most runs given up in a single inning…Jovan Rosa has recorded a hit in 10 consecutive games…Mike Hepple has not allowed an earned run in 11 of his last 14 outings…York scored 13 runs in tonight's game, which is the largest number of runs that the Revolution have scored against the Bees in franchise history…Tonight's game was 18 minutes shorter than New Britain's longest 9 inning game of the season (3:33 on July 8 at Bridgeport)…Jovan Rosa extended his consecutive games played for the Bees streak to 244, and his overall consecutive games played streak to 267, including postseason. Rosa is also 5 games away from 900 games played in his professional career.
SKELTON HOMERS, MADDOX, CROUSE DRIVE IN A PAIR IN WIN
BOX SCORE
In 140 Characters or Fewer: Nappo gets 2nd straight win, fans 8, Skelton homers, Crouse, Maddox drive in 2 as Bees win 3rd straight 7-2 over York #NewBritainVsEverybody
The Game Changed When…: Jon Griffin came to bat in the top of the 1st inning with the Bees already up 2-0 thanks to a leadoff home run by James Skelton and an RBI hit by Jovan Rosa. He would bring Rosa home with an RBI knock of his own to give New Britain a 3-0 lead. It would go down as the game winning hit in the 7-2 victory.
Pitchers of Record: W: Greg Nappo (2-1) | L: Frank Gailey (9-9)
Player(s) of the Game: James Skelton (New Britain) – 3-4, 2B, HR, RBI | Greg Nappo (New Britain) – 6 IPs, 6 H, 0 ER, 8 K | Telvin Nash (York) – 2-4, HR, 2 RBI
Bees Buzz: For the first time all season, the Bees have scored first and held their lead through the entire game in 3 consecutive games…Tonight's leadoff home run by James Skelton was his 4th leadoff home run of the season, and his 11th overall of the year, extending his career high for most home runs in a season. His most recent leadoff home run before tonight was on July 19th…Greg Nappo struck out 8 batters in his outing today, which ties the season high for most strikeouts in a game by a Bees pitcher set by Kyle Simon…Jovan Rosa has recorded multiple hits in 7 of his last 9 games…Greg Nappo has earned a win in back to back starts, both of them have come against York…James Skelton finished a triple shy of the cycle…With a hit in tonight's game, Conor Bierfeldt is now 6 hits away from 400 hits in his professional career…Nate Roe has pitched 13 innings against York this season and has not allowed a run…Jovan Rosa extended his consecutive games played for the Bees streak to 243, and his overall consecutive games played streak to 266, including postseason. Rosa is also 6 games away from 900 games played in his professional career.
Sign-up for an online subscription for access to The Journal's website with one of the following subscriber options:
Monthly Subscription - $5 This subscription will automatically charge your account monthly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Quarterly Subscription - $15 This subscription will automatically charge your account quarterly for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
Annual Subscription - $30 This subscription will automatically charge your account annually for your subscription until you cancel. You may cancel at any time.
PRINT SUBSCRIPTION BY MAIL: If you're interested in a newspaper subscription through the mail, email us at calhouncountyjournal@gmail.com
BROKERING BUDS: Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson went out on a limb to start Darling Downs Insurance Brokers 27 years ago but tomorrow they're saying goodbye to loyal clients from over the years as they both retire.
BROKERING BUDS: Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson went out on a limb to start Darling Downs Insurance Brokers 27 years ago but tomorrow they're saying goodbye to loyal clients from over the years as they both retire. Marian Faa
A BOLD pair of brokers who banded together to fight centralisation are finally taking off their suit ties and retiring after 27 years in business.
When Warwick's Suncorp branch announced it was slashing Warwick staff and centralising back in 1991, Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson decided they would seize a new opportunity.
The pair backed each another in a brave step to become the region's first insurance brokers and the only independent brokers.
"It was challenging, that's for sure," Mr McKenzie said.
Starting from nothing, the two worked tireless hours and lived solely off savings for their first year of business.
But through the years, Darling Downs Insurance Brokers' reputation began to spread across the country.
"Our first client was mayor of the time, Stan Walsh, which gave a boost to our confidence," Mr Munson said.
In their first four years, the independent brokers took on 2500clients.
BEGINNINGS: Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson in the early days of their business, Darling Downs Insurance Brokers. Contributed
But a challenge for the small-town brokers came with the new millennium when the Financial Services Reform Act was passed in April 2001.
The act meant the business would have to expand by at least 30per cent in order to survive the new costs imposed on insurance brokers.
Keeping the dream alive, the pair purchased books of business from three other companies in town, including Ray Lyons and Andrew Brennan.
Establishing an office in Toowoomba, the name of the business changed from Warwick and District Insurance Broker to its name of today.
Through the years, the business has grown to service customers right across the country.
"It's nothing for us to have clients from Tasmania, Perth ... and most of those are people who have lived in Warwick but moved away and stayed with us," Mr Munson said.
Today, the company's household policy is regarded as one of the best in Australia.
"I think Peter and I got on very well. I don't think we have had a cross word in 27 years," Mr Munson said.
Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson look back on 27 years of success. Marian Faa
With only six staff members through the business in that whole time, they seem to be treating their employees right too.
"It's the people and the camaraderie that has been the highlight," MrMcKenzie said.
But as the pair prepare to farewell their fruitful careers, they say all will be business as usual for new and existing clients.
The company will be taken over by Paul's son, Andrew Munson, and Brad Millard, who have both been working in the business for a number of years.
While Mr Munson jets off to Europe in time for the Armistice Day centenary celebrations in London, MrMcKenzie will be putting up his feet and taking a well-earned rest while he contemplates the next chapter of his life. Both plan to remain in the Warwick region, where they were born and bred.
Both plan to remain in Warwick - the region where they were born and bred.
Mr Munson and Mr McKenzie would like to invite their clients for a farewell "cuppa" at their Warwick office at 70 Grafton St this Friday between 10am and 2pm.
OTTAWA — The federal government says the Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has so far proposed for marijuana packaging, which will include a bright red stop sign containing a pot leaf and the letters THC.
Health Canada is unveiling the results of a 60-day consultation around its proposed regulations, in which it emphasizes a focus on reducing the appeal of marijuana to youth and preventing accidental consumption.
Logos would have to be a single colour, with no metallic or fluorescent finishes, and packages would have to be opaque and child-resistant, with a bright yellow health warning similar to those used on tobacco products.
Cannabis legislation is currently before Parliament and none of the regulations are final until approved by legislators.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Myleene Klass poses naked as she celebrates looking in great shape thanks to her first home workout programme.
The TV star and classical musician said: “I'm turning 40 in a month and couldn't be more proud of the body I have.
“It's given me two beautiful babies, it's carried me through good times and tough times, and it's allowed me to be a strong and successful woman.
“I filmed ‘MyBody' so that women would feel empowered, confident and capable of anything they set their mind to.
“I have been asked to do a fitness DVD for years but have never felt it was the right time until now. After having two children, I wanted to help other mums and busy women find a way to stay fit that works for them.
“I wanted to create a programme that doesn't just show women what moves to do, but to be a long-term guide - it is hard work but it is maintainable, not a lifestyle overhaul but small manageable changes to help women stay fit and see real results.
“This isn't just about weight loss, I wanted to make women feel strong and confident in their every day lives.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The 12 week ‘My Body' programme comes with a DVD, fitness guide and a sandbell.
Filmed in Dubai across various Jumeirah locations, it consists of three workouts a week for twelve weeks combining weighted movement, cardio boxing and ab work based on pilates and yoga.
It is available from tomorrow (Friday) at www.mybodybymyleene.com
Good news! You'll be able to watch the World Cup in 4K HDR thanks to the BBC and its iPlayer platform. Bad news! It's a limited trial run, meaning that it'll be serving up the Ultra HD football streams to a select number of viewers.
All 29 of the matches the BBC is broadcasting will be available in 4K, with the broadcaster hoping to deliver “tens of thousands” of high-resolution streams. Though 4K screens in homes aren't quite as common as HD ones, there may still be some viewers left without access to the UHD content.
“The BBC has brought major live broadcasting breakthroughs to UK audiences throughout the history of the World Cup,” said Matthew Postgate, BBC Chief Technology & Product Officer.
“From the very first tournament on TV in 1954 and England's finest hour in 1966, to the first colour World Cup in 1970 and full HD in 2006. Now, with these trials we're giving audiences yet another taste of the future.”
The trial will be used to fine tune the delivery of large-scale 4K events in the future, with the Beeb making use of the Hybrid Log-Gamma version of HDR it helped to develop alongside Japanese broadcaster NHK.
You can find out if your screen is compatible with the Beeb's 4K streaming option by clicking here.
Virtual reality action
It's not just 4K getting some love from the BBC though – it's also invested some money, time and development in delivering virtual reality content for the 2018 World Cup too.
The BBC Sport VR - FIFA World Cup Russia 2018' app will be free on iOS, Android, Gear VR, Oculus Go and PlayStation VR platforms, and lets fans watch live matches from a “private box” in the Russian stadiums.
Live stats will pop out of a virtual coffee table too, while there's also the option to watch the action from cameras placed behind each goal. In addition, when live coverage isn't available, the app will continue to offer highlights and analysis.
All in all, despite holding its cards close to its chest in the run up to the tournament, it's a comprehensive offering from the BBC. Just make sure to start those streams early if you want in on the 4K action.
The Lady Clarets suffered their first defeat since February and an early blow to their league campaign when losing by a single goal against Tranmere Rovers LFC.
The visitors had netted 17 goals in their first two games in the North West Women's Regional League Premier Division ahead of their visit to Ellesmere Port Sports Village but they were unable to add to that.
It turned out to be a frustrating afternoon as the woodwork came to the home side's rescue on four occasions.
The Clarets should have taken the lead when a Lizzy Hamer through ball set Sarah Greenhalgh free on goal but the keeper managed to block her shot with an outstretched leg. Hamer soon found herself in front of goal, her shot being well saved at the near post.
The Lady Clarets pressed forward again and Hamer had another shot saved before Leah Embley and Vikki Eastwood were both denied by the woodwork.
Many attempts from the Clarets came to nothing and notably player of the match Greenhalgh was foiled on another one-on-one with the keeper as she managed to smother the ball and simultaneously up end her.
However, the away side conceded against the run of play and it came in controversial circumstances.
Two clear off-side moves were waved away by the referee and the Tranmere striker took advantage and toe poked the ball into the net.
In the closing minutes of the half Greenhalgh weaved through the host's defence on two occasions, first shooting over and later smashing the ball against the underside of the crossbar.
In the second period the Clarets pinned Tranmere back to the point that they only had one attempt on goal where Gregson had to intercept and clear from the Tranmere striker.
The Clarets continued to be frustrated, Lynette Craig shot over the keeper to see her attempt dip onto the underside of the bar.
Tranmere defended the 18-yard box fiercely so the Clarets resorted to striking from just outside but too many shots were high of the bar or wide of the uprights.
Tranmere resorted to time management techniques to run the clock down and some theatrics aimed at swaying the referee to add further frustration.
A final chance came from one of the many Clarets corners, Charlotte Banner jumped up high but her header was cleared off the line by a defender.
The Lady Clarets play Wigan Athletic LFC next at Barden Athletics Ground in the SSE Women's FA Cup qualifying round with kick-off at 2 p.m.
Jurgen Klopp will recall all his big names for the Champions League semi-final first leg at home to Roma.
The Liverpool boss made five changes against West Brom at the weekend but the likes of Dejan Lovren, Andrew Robertson, Roberto Firmino and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are all set to come in.
Trent Alexander-Arnold - rested at The Hawthorns - is also expected to start against the Italians.
Nathaniel Clyne is back in training after a muscle injury but is likely to be on the bench.
Roma also rested some key players for their Serie A clash with SPAL with Aleksandar Kolarov, Alessandro Florenzi, Daniele de Rossi and Edin Dzeko sitting out.
They are all set to return for the first leg at Anfield.
Follow all the action from Anfield above.
Buenos Aires: Matias Messi, older brother of Barcelona and Argentina star Lionel, has been sentenced to house arrest in Argentina for possession of a weapon, a prosecutor said on Monday.
Matias, 35, was to be discharged from hospital later Monday and transferred to his home in Rosario, 300 kilometres (190 miles) north of the capital Buenos Aires, head of the prosecutor's office for Cybercrimes and Weapons Lucas Altare said.
He was taken to hospital with facial injuries after being found in a drifting and blood-stained motorboat on November 30, apparently after colliding with a sandbank. He was arrested for possession of a firearm found in the boat.
It's the second time that the star's brother has been arrested for possession of a firearm. The offence carries a jail sentence of between three-and-a-half and eight years.
"The guarantor of this house detention agreement is his father, Jorge Messi," said Altare, the prosecutor.
Family lawyer Ignacio Carbone told reporters that the defendant "is a good person, he's not going to go on the run."
EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Alvin Ellis scored 15 of his 18 points with a 3-point barrage in the first half and Michigan State went on to beat Ohio State 74-66 Tuesday night.
Miles Bridges had 17 points and 11 rebounds and Nick Ward scored 15 for Michigan State (16-10, 8-5 Big Ten), which has won four of five.
The Buckeyes (15-12, 5-9) have lost four of six.
Ohio State's Marc Loving scored 22 points and reserve JaQuan Lyle scored all 10 of his points in the first half.
Ellis made five 3-pointers in a 3:38 span of the first half, helping the Spartans take a 21-12 lead and stunning the crowd because the senior was averaging just six points a game.
The Spartans scored the first six points of the second half, building a 12-point lead. Ohio State rallied with a 17-6 run to pull within one point.
Michigan State finished off the Buckeyes by outscoring them 12-2 to take an 11-point lead and they were able to keep a comfortable cushion.
Comments
comments
AFTER his harrowing fairway encounter with a goose, an American high school golfer may want to take a quack at another sport.
Isaac Couling of Concord High School was chased and up-ended by an angry goose at a golf tournament on the weekend. The incident was caught on camera by Devon Pitts, the parent of another golfer, and the photos quickly went viral.
The Detroit News reported that Couling didn't remember his final score for the round, but he said: "I did par that hole."
No thanks to anyone else, though.
"No one came to help," Couling laughed. "All the coaches saw it from the clubhouse. You could see it from there.
"It's pretty crazy. All my friends were talking about it."
The goose raised a squawk with Couling as he and his group were walking down the fairway on the seventh hole.
"They were aware of a goose nest on their left, which they were looking at but not bothering when from behind them and to the right came the guard goose (protecting the nest)," Blissfield High golf coach Steven Babbitt said, according to The Los Angeles Times.
After Blissfield Athletics shared the photos on Twitter, The PGA of America shared in a post: "Though geese can be beautiful when watching them fly in flocks, the truth is they can be a real nuisance to golfers. And that's without them attacking golfers."
Blissfield Athletics' Twitter post of the photos received more than 37,000 likes and nearly 15,000 retweets, prompting PGA.com to chase down the woman behind the lens.
"I'm not going to lie, I was laughing quite hard after the attack was over," Pitts said. "Isaac spoke with me after the match. I showed him the pictures and we just laughed.
"This is unbelievable the attention this is getting. I wish Issac had hit a hole-in-one instead."
Help you? Nah, you're on your own, buddy.
Medic!
Over the past few months, as a team at my advertising agency was working on an important project for our city, I have come to an even deeper appreciation for the magic that is Peterborough.
As our creative team worked through the development of an idea that could capture the unique spirit of our community, we came face to face with so many examples of how our city is simply not like most places our size, and even bigger.
When you are thinking about a city or province as a brand, as having a unique mix of attributes that make it stand out from others, you go naturally to the major slices of that particular community. You think of unique neighbourhoods, institutions, downtowns, and the often misunderstood word culture.
We think too narrowly about what culture really is. We mix the word with "arts" and it comes off as arts and culture, and limits many to thinking just about our performing arts scene, be it music or theatre or dance. But the truest definition of culture is that it is the way of life, especially the general customs and beliefs, of a particular community of people at a particular time.
To me, the sports of golf, hockey and lacrosse, among others, are integral to how the people who have lived in this area for almost 200 years have thought about themselves, how they spend their time and what's important in their lives. I believe passionately that golf is an important part of this city's culture, and only extends the argument that our local culture scene is far from average.
So what exactly would it mean for a city or region to punch above its weight in golf?
I go naturally to the courses and clubs available. How varied, how deep in quality and character. How long have they been around, and how connected are they to the history of the game and its magic. And as we learned in the formal and informal input sessions on the city branding project, people are extra vocal these days about access and time.
So I would add questions like how easy and affordable is it to join a club, or find a tee time on a public course? How long does it take you to get there? How easy does it fit into my busy life? Is it easier to have an amazing golf experience here than in other places? Indeed it is.
You would have to think long and hard before coming up with another city our size that has two Stanley Thompson designed courses within its city limits and less than ten minutes from downtown. And part and parcel of those layouts are two long-standing, private and semi-private clubs each with their strong and unique histories and approaches to what a member-run club should be.
But also we have an ultra convenient public Liftlock option underneath the shadow of our famous Lift Lock, and Heron Landing barely outside city limits to the west, both of those being places where anyone of any age can easily test their ability without the strain of 7,000 yards and 4-plus hour rounds.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Adrian Lewis has been suspended by the PDC after a clash with his opponent Jose Justica on the oche at the end of their UK Open Darts qualifier.
The pair had to be separated by stewards after Lewis appeared to push Justica at the end of his 6-5 quarter-final win in Wigan as tensions boiled over.
The drama kicked off in the eighth leg with Lewis heard saying “You're trying to p*ss me off, I'm telling you” while pointing at his opponent's chest after they came together.
The pair exchanged words further during the match before finally squaring up on the oche at the end after Lewis completed his winning checkout.
(Image: PDC)
(Image: PDC)
(Image: PDC)
(Image: PDC)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
A Darts Regulation Authority statement said: "Following a review of the incidents which occurred in his match with Jose Justicia at Friday's UK Open qualifier, the Darts Regulation Authority has suspended Adrian Lewis with immediate effect pending a full investigation in to the matter.
"The player has the right of appeal."
Two-time world champion Lewis went on to lose to Michael van Gerwen in the semi-final
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manuel Neuer has welcomed links to Manchester City - but insists there has been no contact from Pep Guardiola.
The German stopper is one of a number of Bayern Munich players to be tipped for a reunion with Guardiola at the Etihad.
City are expected to be on the lookout for a new No.1 again in the summer as doubts remain over Claudio Bravo.
Ahead of his side's Champions League clash with Arsenal, Neuer has insisted he is happy in Munich but is flattered to be linked with City.
'There was no contact and, as you know, I'm happy and satisfied here and I've just extended my contract, " he said.
(Photo: L. Preiss)
(Photo: Getty Images)
"It honours me that there's speculation and talk about it. Pep still has my phone number but he hasn't called me, so everything is alright.”
Neuer will line up against Arsenal at the Allianz Arena on Wednesday night as Bavaria look to take a first-leg lead.
And he insisted that they will find it easier to play against Arsenal than some of their domestic opponents.
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
He said: "We will get more space. We're a team who like to circulate the ball and take advantage of these spaces. That's why I think for the fans it will be nice to watch.
“It's the first leg. We need to improve from the performances before – not Ingolstadt but the matches before.
"A win would be important for us and I think the defenders and me would like to keep a clean.”
"I received an email from one of his best friends saying they had seen the video and heard the song and the message was "good work," says Berner.
From "The Ghost of Terry Fox" to "Prairie Wind" and "Super Subtle Folk Song," Berner's accordion accompaniment is accented with Diona Davies' violin (Po Girl) and Paul Rigby's guitar and pedal steel for a powerful sonic squeeze box and string twang.
"Don't Play Cards For Money with Corby Lund" is an amusing true life account of Berner watching old tour mate/ace poker player Corb Lund (Corb Lund and The Hurtin' Albertans) take various players for money while they were on the road.
"So I know enough about poker not to play for money with anybody," says Berner with a huge laugh.
"My Heart is a Piece of Garbage" is another departure for Berner, with an angry but profoundly sad atmospheric yet dark, ethereal accordion/string sound.
"I often think of this song as the official anthem for the city of Calgary," he notes. "It describes the feeling of being in Calgary and feeling a kind of fear of the overarching Calgary culture that you get when you there. It's a morally dark place and the centre of our oil industry. The vibe in that song seems like a perfect description of Calgary. So this fits right in with the other ones on the album," he adds.
Album finale "Rule of the Road" (With Apologies) sounds like something from Berner's darkly funny novel "Festival Man" about so-called "maverick" music manager Campbell Ouiniette — a mess everywhere in his life!
"Canadiana Grotesquica" is being released in conjunction with Berner's second novel, "The Fiddler Is a Good Woman," with the main character's initials, DD.
Is this longtime pal/violinist Diona Davies, perchance?
"My official stance is that the whole book is just made up," states Berner cheekily. "It is just fiction and there is nobody real in it at all. I am going to stick with my official line on that. ("Festival Man" anti-hero) Campbell Ouiniette is also a fictional character but if he were based on somebody he was based on somebody else — a different figure," adds Berner.
"I am writing a trilogy. "Festival Man" was about the film-flam music manager type figure and the smoke-and-mirrors nature of the music business," he explains. "Fiddler" is about what they call the sideman — the players who play the songs and what it means to be one of the great players that truly live in the moment. They bring you into the song with the way they play. It's about what the cost of that can be personally," adds Berner with another laugh. "The third book will be about the singer-songwriter figure — the kind of absent-minded, somewhat loony people who make up the songs because there certainly are a lot of personality elements that I see and common traits in these figures. I have already started compiling that," says Berner, adding that a download code for "Canadiana Grotesquica" will also be included with "Fiddler" on this world tour with Vancouver singer/multi-instrumentalist and fellow author Rae Spoon. "I will let people thumb through the book at the merch table and see what they think."
Geoff Berner with Rae Spoon
"Canadiana Grotesquica" Album Launch and Book Tour
Army, Navy and Air Force Veterans Club
32 Gordon St., Guelph
519-822-0380
Wednesday, Oct. 18
$12, 19+
www.geoffberner.com
http://musiclives.ca/event/kazoo-264-rae-spoon-geoff-berner
Courtesy Photo | The Army & Air Force Exchange Service will celebrate Purple Up Day on April 21 by...... read more Courtesy Photo | The Army & Air Force Exchange Service will celebrate Purple Up Day on April 21 by offering a free treat to any child who wears purple to a participating Exchange restaurant. Purple Up Day is held every year in April in recognition of Month of the Military Child. Any child 18 years of age or younger may participate in the event. see less | View Image Page
The Army & Air Force Exchange Service will recognize military children on April 21 by offering a free treat to any child who wears purple to a participating Exchange restaurant.
The Exchange is holding the global event in recognition of Purple Up Day, when military families worldwide don purple in celebration of Month of the Military Child. The color purple symbolizes the combined colors of all military branches: Army green, Navy blue, Marine red, Coast Guard blue and Air Force blue.
Any child 18 or younger can participate while supplies last. Free treats vary by location and may come in the form of a side item, fountain drink or dessert. Shoppers can contact their local Exchange for details.
“The children of service members will always remember the unique experiences they share with their fellow military children,” said Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Luis Reyes, the Exchange's senior enlisted advisor. “Now they can add going to their local Exchange restaurant for a free treat to that list of memories.”
April is designated as Month of the Military Child, a worldwide celebration of their contributions to the Armed Forces community sponsored by the Department of Defense Military Community and Family Policy.
Throughout the month of April, the Exchange will celebrate Month of the Military Child with in-store events, a social media campaign and exclusive sweepstakes in recognition of the commitment and loyalty of military children. For more information, visit facebook.com/shopmyexchange and shopmyexchange.com/sweepstakes.
The committee said that having a centralized database at the national level would help monitor the surrogates, surrogacy clinics and commissioning parents. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: Do you want to hire a surrogate? No bargaining please. That's the recommendation of the parliamentary standing committee on health in its review of the Surrogacy (Regulation) Bill 2016.
“The Committee observes that the surrogacy industry in India is currently governed by the private contract model which relies on the bargaining power of the parties in setting the terms of the contract and its enforcement. Since there are enormous inequalities in the bargaining power of surrogates vis-à-vis medical clinics and commissioning parents due to surrogate's illiteracy, socio-economic marginalization and lack of access to legal representation, the chances of exploitation of surrogate mothers are immense,” said the parliamentary panel report.
“The Committee, therefore, recommends that the amount of compensation should be fixed by relevant authorities and the compensation so fixed should not be the subject matter of bargain between the commissioning couple and the surrogate mother. The Committee further recommends that the compensation to surrogates should be guaranteed from the moment they begin any use of medication in connection with surrogacy procedures and the money should be deposited directly in their bank accounts, by the commissioning parents,” it said.
The committee, while reviewing the bill, emphasized that it is an individual's private right to choose a means of attaining parenthood and family formation. A stringent legal framework is, therefore, needed to check illegal practices under the ambit of assisted reproductive technology (ART), the committee pointed out.
“There are no separate surrogacy clinics as such. Generally ART clinics offer surrogacy services as well. It would be difficult to monitor ART clinics as it would not be easy to distinguish between a surrogate pregnancy and other pregnancy through IVF (in vitro fertilization) ,” the report said.
“The other IVF clinics which are not involved in surrogacy are out of the purview of the Bill. The need of the hour, hence, is to regulate all ART clinics. The Committee learns that the Department would be bringing forth the draft ART Bill after the Surrogacy (Regulation) Bill, 2016 for regulation of ART Clinics,” it said.
The committee also said that having a centralized database at the national level would be a step in the right direction so as to monitor the surrogates, surrogacy clinics and the commissioning parents. “All State Surrogacy Boards should be required to submit to the National Surrogacy Board, data on the surrogacy services and arrangements. Therefore, the Committee is in unison with the suggestion of keeping a registry at the national level having details of the registration and conduct of every surrogacy clinic, surrogacy arrangements, including its stakeholders, taking place across the country. Such a registry will also help in tracking the surrogate mothers who will act as surrogate only once in their lifetime,” the committee report said.
The Assisted Reproductive Technologies (ART) Bill 2008 was revised in 2010 and 2014. The committee pulled up the government, saying, “Since then, it has been lying with the Government. Moreover, the draft ART Bill also included provisions on regulation of surrogacy facilities. The Committee takes note of the inordinate delay in bringing forth the draft ART Bill especially in view of the fact that there has been mushrooming of ART clinics across the country offering various services from IVF to surrogacy etc.”
British novelist Kazuo Ishiguro at his home in London on Thursday. Photo: AP
It is the inescapable reality of Kazuo Ishiguro's name that readers and critics would want to see uniquely Japanese characteristics in his writing. But that would be seeing only part of his identity, for Ishiguro left Japan when still a child, at five, and moved to England, and it is England that honed his sensibility. The differences between the two countries are not as glaring as might seem to someone who takes a view of history shaped by World War II, and novels like J.G. Ballard's Empire of the Sun or the sinking of warships Prince of Wales and Repulse near Singapore. As Pico Iyer notes in the early parts of The Lady and the Monk, the two islands—England and Japan—have much in common, in terms of sensibilities, civilities, nuances, and a particularly deliberate manner of decorum and rituals.
So when Ishiguro came to England at five, he did not step into a culture as drastically alien as it might seem otherwise. A boy who grew up on comics and cowboys, who admired detectives, strummed a guitar and hitchhiked across the US West Coast, Ishiguro wanted to write songs first, and only accidentally came across an advertisement of a course in creative writing at the University of East Anglia, and sent in his application, and to his surprise, was accepted.
Also read: Kazuo Ishiguro wins 2017 Nobel Prize for literature
As James Wood noted in the New Yorker, he may well be the first novelist to win the Nobel Prize for literature to have learnt his craft at such a programme, in the company of others, making a conscious effort to sharpen his skills. He was lucky in having great mentors like Malcolm Bradbury and Angela Carter, and not surprisingly turned to Japan for his early inspiration.
Books of British writer Kazuo Ishiguro are on display at the Swedish Academy in Stockholm on Thursday. Photo: AFP
The narrator of his first novel, A Pale View of Hills (1982), is a middle-aged woman whose daughter has committed suicide. But signalling an early notice of the deliberate reserve that's characteristic of his writing, Ishiguro does not let the narrator dwell on the circumstances leading to the suicide; rather, she remembers a friendship in Nagasaki soon after the war ended. (Ishiguro was born in 1954 in that town where the second atom bomb was dropped, and his mother, then a teenager, was the only one in her family to have been injured). And it is through that appropriated story, and the erasure of memory when something is too painful or inconvenient to recall, that Ishiguro tells the more difficult story.
Ishiguro dealt with Japan's uncomfortable past in his 1986 novel, An Artist of the Floating World, in which the protagonist's pro-militarist stance during the war haunts him. This idea, of the floating world, is uniquely Japanese, dating back to the Edo Period, beginning in the 17th century, and ending with the Meiji Restoration of the 19th century. In Ukiyo Monogatari (Tales of the Floating World), Asai Ryoi defines the floating world as: “Living only for the moment, turning our full attention to the pleasures of the moon, the snow, the cherry blossoms and the maple leaves; singing songs, drinking wine, diverting ourselves in just floating, floating; … refusing to be disheartened, like a gourd floating along with the river current: this is what we call the floating world.” Ishiguro's protagonist was steeped in the contentment of the present, immersed in the present moment and its timeless, existential lull, as though there is no reckoning to be had over the ast.
It is his third novel, The Remains of the Day (1989), which won the Booker Prize and which was made into a successful film, that Ishiguro is known most for. A fine novel that works at several levels—a commentary on the British class system at its most obvious, but also the coexistence of internal drama while momentous external events are shaping the world, and the suppression of emotion. To tell the story, Ishiguro brilliantly used that most unobtrusive of characters, the English butler, who makes a large house function smoothly and efficiently without being noticed. It was a novel so close to perfection that Ishiguro deliberately shifted to another direction, writing The Unconsoled (1995), about an aging, arrogant pianist in a Central European country, who is obsessed with performing to perfection to heal the scars of his parents' separation.
With When We Were Orphans (2000), Ishiguro turned his attention to pre-war Shanghai, where his grandfather lived and his father was born, writing an unlikely detective story. Ishiguro has long admired Sherlock Holmes and said in an interview with the Paris Review how he sees similarities between the English detective and the English butler. “Cerebral rather than devoted to duty, but locked into a professional persona. Emotionally distant. Like the musician in The Unconsoled, there's something in his personal world that is broken,” he said in that interview. His detective wanted to solve a mystery and somehow stop the imminent war. Ishiguro said he was attempting “to write about that part of ourselves that always sees things as we did as children”.
The dystopic Never Let Me Go (2005) is set in another quintessential British institution, the boarding school. Written in a dry tone, it seems like an ordinary story about students until we realise that the students are clones, who are ‘created' so that their organs can be harvested for ordinary people, and they don't die; rather, their lives are ‘completed' while in their 20s. They are ‘called up,' or they die, because they've performed the tasks they were meant to perform—of possessing perfect replacements of body parts for imperfect humans. The quiet resignation with which Kathy, the narrator, accepts what is to happen may seem fatalistic in its eastern sense, or seen as a very English trait, of being stoic and why one ‘mustn't grumble'—you play the game by the rules that are set; you stand in the queue and don't disrupt order. The children live short lives, in service of others, but those are full lives.
Ishiguro's protagonists are observers—they look at the world around, realise their powerlessness to change it, and accept that what is good is not within one's grasp. Like the detective, they try to solve mysteries. Like the bereaved, they borrow others' experiences to make sense of their own. Like those escaping a past, they try to immerse themselves in the present to protect themselves. Like butlers, they play their appointed role, their success usually unacknowledged. And like the cloned children, they live out their lives faster, more aware, at a heightened level of sensibility.
Recounting Plato's dialogues, Ishiguro said that idealistic people often become misanthropic when they are let down two or three times. “Plato suggests it can be like that with the search for the meaning of the good. You shouldn't get disillusioned when you get knocked back. All you've discovered is that the search is difficult, and you still have a duty to keep on searching,” he said.
As has Ishiguro. The meaning of life may still remain elusive, but the discoveries he has made are profound.
SARASOTA, Fla. — Buck Showalter heard that Lance Lynn was pitching against the Orioles and knew he'd be changing his lineup.
The Baltimore manager wasn't concerned about the result of last week's Grapefruit League game against Minnesota, played hours after Lynn officially joined the team. But Showalter figured the right-hander might start when the Twins travel to Camden Yards for a three-game season-opening series later this month.
With that in mind, Showalter saw an opportunity.
Even in spring training, when wins and losses are meaningless, managers are always hunting for significant matchups. That's especially true along the Florida Gulf Coast, where all five AL East rivals train within about three hours of each other.
Picking and choosing spots for players has been key for Baltimore this spring because the Orioles play 14 of their first 17 regular season games against either division foes or the Twins, another regular spring opponent. When Minnesota signed Lynn to a free-agent deal a week ago Monday and announced him as the next day's starting pitcher against the Orioles, Showalter stacked his lineup with regulars like Manny Machado, Trey Mancini and Pedro Alvarez — a somewhat unusual move for a road spring training game.
Thing is, the O's are likely to see Lynn that first weekend of the season, and Baltimore's players are largely unfamiliar with him because he's been in the National League his whole career with St. Louis. The spring game was a valuable sneak peak at his stuff and delivery.
"That's why we got some of our guys over there," Showalter said.
He can only hope his Birds do better the next time they see Lynn. He struck out five in three hitless innings.
Showalter is also trying to shield his established starters from AL East rivals, keeping Dylan Bundy, Andrew Cashner, Kevin Gausman and Chris Tillman away from the Yankees, Red Sox, Rays, Twins and Blue Jays. It's no accident that Miguel Castro and Mike Wright Jr. have combined for four starts against those teams — they're in contention for the No. 5 starter spot, and Showalter wants to see how they fare against division opponents.
"We want to see them in that environment to evaluate them better," Showalter said.
Tiger Woods knew exactly how to entertain this group of kids during a junior clinic at the Legends of Golf tournament at Big Cedar Lodge.
Woods was hitting balls for the group when he teed one up and topped it. Yes, he did it on purpose and the kids loved it.
Woods before the shot, “Are you ready for a big one here?”
Most of us don't have to try to do this once in our lifetime.
Update From New York City
Now, we're giving you an update on the story of an explosion in midtown Manhattan. Reports shortly before 8 this morning came about an explosion close to the New York Port Authority.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
It's a good moment for caution about what we know about an explosion in Midtown Manhattan in New York City today. What we do know, according to the New York City Police Department, is that sometime before 7:45, which is when they made an announcement, there was an explosion at the gigantic Port Authority Bus Terminal. Transit lines have been evacuated in some cases. There are mixed reports about the status of a suspect in that explosion. And there's a lot of police activity around the Port Authority Bus Terminal. And it is in that area that we find NPR's Amita Kelly. How are you doing?
AMITA KELLY, BYLINE: Hi. Good, Steve. How are you?
INSKEEP: What do you see?
KELLY: So I'm standing at the corner of 43rd Street and 8th Avenue, which is just a short walk away from where this incident happened. There's still very heavy police and fire presence. I'm outside a subway exit. One of the 42nd Street Port Authority stations has police tape all over it, and they're redirecting people a few avenues away to continue their morning commute on different subway routes.
INSKEEP: So you've got that giant subway line, the A, C and E, which runs all the way up the West Side of Manhattan.
KELLY: Exactly.
INSKEEP: And it's just, as far as you can tell, shut. Or at least in that portion in the middle of the line, it's shot.
KELLY: Exactly. Yup.
INSKEEP: Would you describe the landscape a little bit there?
KELLY: So several streets are closed off at the moment, but it's a very crowded area on a normal day. And especially through the holidays, this is sort of the heart of New York's Times Square area. So between the evacuation at Port Authority, the subway line, there's more crowd than usual flowing through. But as New Yorkers will do, most people are kind of moving on with their morning commutes, walking around the barricade. It's interesting - in Times Square - if anyone's ever been there, there are huge TVs with news displaying. So people certainly know what's happening. And this incident has been on the news. But people are mostly, you know, talking about it, talking about how it's affected their morning commute and moving on.
INSKEEP: You know, I'm not sure if people have not seen it - that they realize when we say bus terminal, just how immense this facility is. I think it covers a couple of entire blocks in Manhattan. It's a very high building. I used to commute there every day. And I'm just remembering the immense crowds that would go through there at this time in the morning.
KELLY: Right. Exactly. And now several - at least several blocks have been blocked off, including that bus terminal. So there's certainly a lot of traffic being moved elsewhere and a heavy police presence trying to help people do that. I also saw some stretchers earlier. I know there's been conflicting reports of injuries, as well. We don't know much about that at this time, but there's certainly a medical presence.
INSKEEP: Let's be clear on that. You said you saw stretchers. Did you see people on the stretchers?
KELLY: I did not.
INSKEEP: OK. So we don't really know...
KELLY: So it may have been a precaution.
INSKEEP: Exactly. No, it would be good to have the precaution. We really don't know anything about injuries at this point. And we should be frank about what we don't know. There are multiple conflicting reports about a suspect or the status of a suspect. And we're going to hold that open for now until we learn more. Can you give me an idea of the degree of tension, if any, in the city, Amita?
KELLY: There's not a lot of tension, somewhat surprisingly. But that may be normal for New York at this point. There are some people definitely worried and kind of standing outside the barricade. But I also heard officers several times tell people, don't take photos. This isn't, you know, an opportunity for photos. So it's not so much tension, I think, as people want to know what's happening and what's going on.
INSKEEP: OK. I've been looking at social media at photos of the spot. I don't think anybody's following that particular advice.
KELLY: Correct.
INSKEEP: (Laughter) But you're saying that this is - I mean, to the extent that people can, because it's New York, they're going about their commute.
KELLY: Exactly. And most of the grumbles and folks I've been speaking to and hearing here are talking mostly about their commute and, you know, what they know about the incident. But there isn't panic or a lot of widespread fear at this point.
INSKEEP: OK. Amita, thanks very much, really appreciate the update.
KELLY: Thanks, Steve.
INSKEEP: That's NPR's Amita Kelly. She is in New York City, outside the immense Port Authority Bus Terminal, where, according to the New York police, there was an explosion this morning. They sent out word of that about 7:45 Eastern Time - so some time a little bit before that in the heart of morning rush hour, when many, many thousands of people would have been passing through. We have no word on injuries and no precise word on a suspect. So we'll bring you more information as we learn it.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Get daily Love Island updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Josh Denzel and former partner Georgia Steel had a furious showdown on Tuesday night's episode of Love Island after he dumped her for Kazimir Crossley.
After initially telling Josh to stay away from her following the recoupling, the presenter eventually told a devastated Georgia that he decided to recouple with Kazimir because he had more of a connection with her in Casa Amor than he had in the main villa.
His bumbling, heartless response, as well as his earlier eye roll didn't go unnoticed by viewers, who soon slammed him on Twitter.
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
"What with Josh's eye rolls and Megan's sly smirks I feel like they are more suited to each other than anyone!" one viewer said after seeing Josh roll his eyes at Georgia.
A second said: "You know what spun me. Josh had the audacity to chuckle whilst he said he was happy with Kazimir."
Love Island
Meanwhile, Jack Fincham and Dani Dyer made viewers hearts melt after they told each other that they love each other - repeatedly.
Dani later had a chat with Jack's ex Ellie where she told the actor's daughter that her new man used to have a poster of a film featuring her dad on his bedroom wall.
During their conservation, Ellie revealed that her and Jack were in an on-off relationship for two years.
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
Ellie told Dani that Jack's treatment of her during their two-year on-off relationship "wasn't the best", and on occasions he had stood her up after asking her out for a date.
Ellie also revealed that her friends had warned her that Jack was a "f*** boy" when they found out she had started seeing him.
Dani later confronted Jack about his past with Ellie, telling him some of what Ellie had told her was "not nice to hear. It made me worry a bit."
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
Jack was angered by what Dani had found out about him from Ellie. He said he was concerned he was being made out to be a weirdo with a "shrine" to Dani's famous dad above his bed. He claimed that the poster Ellie was referring to belonged to his brother.
Dani reassured him that she would always have his back after the pair confided in one another they love d each other.
Watch Love Island on ITV2
Nitish Kumar said Bihar was among the first states to have raised the demand at a GST council meeting. Photo: PTI
Patna: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday endorsed union finance minister Arun Jaitley's remarks that he saw a “strong case” for bringing the real estate sector under the ambit of the goods and services tax (GST).
Speaking on the sidelines of his weekly public interaction programme, Kumar said Bihar was among the first states to have raised this demand at a GST council meeting. “We have always supported the GST and other measures that targeted black money holders. In fact, Bihar was among the first states to have raised such a demand,” Kumar, flanked by deputy chief minister Sushil Modi, told reporters. Sushil Modi is a member of a technical committee on the GST.
At a programme at Harvard University two days ago, Jaitley had said that real estate was one sector that has witnessed maximum tax evasion and cash generation.
“The one sector in India where maximum amount of tax evasion and cash generation takes place is real estate which is still outside the GST. Some of the states have been pressing for it. I personally believe that there is a strong case to bring real estate into the GST,” Jaitley had said while delivering a lecture at the university.
© Notch Hostel
A major forest fire continued to burn Wednesday morning in the White Mountains.The fire has been burning for more than 24 hours near Lost River Gorge in Woodstock.The fire was first reported about 6 a.m. Tuesday.On Wednesday morning, the fire was burning in a remote area in Kinsman Ridge.The chief said the fire doubled in size Tuesday night and has now scorched about 50 acres.Crews were at the scene of the fire through the night to monitor the situation.The Lost River Gorge was closed Tuesday because crews were using the attraction's parking lot as a staging area.Gorge officials planned to reopen the attraction as normal on Wednesday.
The mayor of Surrey says she will ask the federal government for $10 million in funding for anti-gang programs in British Columbia's fastest-growing city, where people are dealing with “emotional upheaval” after recent acts of gun violence.
Linda Hepner said Tuesday the money would be spent over five years after a task force aimed at preventing gang violence issued a report with six recommendations, including an expanded gang exit and outreach program that has been led by a combined police and border services unit for about 18 months in the province.
“We first piloted it and it's the only one in the country that I know of,” Hepner said.
“In less than two years, it's actually worked with more than 100 people that are in gangs. They've actually now got a chance to be part of a gang free future but that is in jeopardy because we need funding for that.”
Hepner said “dozens” of people have left gangs because of the program, which the province has committed to funding until the end of the year.
Surrey residents have held anti-violence rallies calling for action, including more RCMP officers, after two teenage boys were recently found shot to death on a rural road and a father and hockey coach was gunned down outside a home.
The task force, which Hepner led after launching it last October, also recommended more police enforcement and the launch of an initiative that would allow nightclubs and other businesses to ban alleged gangsters.
The expansion of early intervention programs to deter children from entering the gang lifestyle was among the recommendations, and Hepner said some kids lured into gangs are as young as 10 and come from a range of backgrounds.
“The profile is so different in British Columbia than anywhere else in North America,” she said. “They could be affluent, they could be poor, they could be middle income. They run the gamut here.”
Hepner said youths are joining gangs for difference reasons.
“Generally, those that are more affluent are out for glory and glamour,” she said. “The ones that are in more vulnerable economic circumstances have often been subject to trauma. Lots of them are subject to seeing domestic abuse, some of them not feeling that they fit in culturally and don't feel part of the community.”
Other recommendations include the development of strategies to help at-risk children and their families, as well as stronger neighbourhood-based and culturally appropriate programs.
The mayor is also calling for more funding from the provincial government.
The Public Safety Ministry announced $1.12 million in funding Tuesday to expand an anti-bullying program based in schools called Expect Respect and a Safe Education, or ERASE, in communities across the province where gang-affiliated behaviours have been identified. It said the strategy is designed to prevent, identify and stop harmful behaviours, whether they occur in school or online.
The task force in Surrey included citizens, people from the business community, police and a local member of Parliament. It said RCMP statistics suggest gang members involved in conflicts between 2014 and 2016 were age 23 on average and had committed their first criminal offence at the average age of 16.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
What Flynn's Ouster Means For Netanyahu and Trump
Audio will be available later today.
President Trump meets Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who had considered the former national security adviser Michael Flynn to be an ally in the White House.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Romelu Lukaku has contradicted Jose Mourinho by insisting the Manchester United boss decided he would not start the FA Cup Final.
Mourinho claimed he named Lukaku on the bench for United's defeat to Chelsea because the striker told him he was not fit enough to start.
Lukaku, 25, disagrees with Mourinho's version of events and claims the United boss made the final decision.
“Of course I was desperate to play,” said the Belgium hitman. “But I didn't look good in training at all.
“I mean it was a difficult situation. And obviously me and the manager had a conversation and he is the one that made a decision.”
(Image: REUTERS)
Lukaku, who bagged 27 goals in his first season at United, is back in full training with Belgium following his ankle injury as they fine tune their World Cup preparations and insisted he has no problem with Mourinho.
“At the end of the day, we had a conversation after the game where we were both disappointed that we lost the game,” said the £75million forward.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“I said to him that I'm looking forward to next season to see the team he is going to prepare to hopefully challenge Man City.
“Everybody is now thinking me and the manager have a big issue or something, but it's not like that. Me and the manager have a perfect relationship. We had a little chat after the game and everything is all clear.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp , Antonio Conte, Eddie Howe, Ronald Koeman, Arsene Wenger , Mauricio Pochettino and Rafa Benitez – it is over to you.
The managers of Liverpool, Chelsea, Bournemouth, Everton, Arsenal, Tottenham and Newcastle now have a huge responsibility.
Key members of the England Under-20 squad that emerged victorious in the World Cup in South Korea are at those clubs.
Now those managers must ensure that a gifted generation do not become a lost generation.
Because the danger is that the likes of Freddie Woodman, Jonjoe Kenny, Josh Onomah, Callum Connolly, Ainsley Maitland-Miles and Kyle Walker-Peters will return to their clubs – and the anonymity of Under-23 football.
(Photo: FIFA via Getty)
What these young players need is the edge that real competitive football gives. Points and livelihoods at stake – not meaningless combat against their peers.
This is where the loan system can be a godsend. The likes of John Terry, Scott Parker, David Beckham, Harry Kane, Frank Lampard. Kyle Walker and Jermain Defoe will testify to its value.
They benefited immensely from their experience away from their respective parent clubs.
They learned about life in the real world rather than the cosseted existence of an academy player at a high profile club. Lampard recalls how, while at Swansea, he had to take his own kit back to his digs to wash.
(Photo: Sunday Mercury)
Terry will tell you how he drove to Nottingham to play for Forest hoping his beat up Fiesta would last the journey. Walker had a similar time when loaned to Northampton.
After the ritual welcome from the fans, the real world entered their lives. Thousands demanding success – not a sprinkling of coaches watching them play for an academy team.
(Photo: The FA via Getty)
Garry Monk could well be the exception. He will in all probability use his club's members of Paul Simpson's squad in the fight to regain Middlesbrough's Premier League status at the first attempt.
It would be no bad thing if his players were reunited with other squad members in Championship fixtures.
The alternative ? A waste of proven and promising young talent.
A few months ago, I wrote a piece about how my bicycle was stolen from outside my apartment in Brooklyn. It went viral.
In short, the story is this: I painted a huge sign and left it for the thief. My doorbell rang several times over the next few days with different people trying to help me, including some kids who gave me a kids bike, a woman who gave me a hug and an art dealer who bought my painted sign for $200 — the value of my bike. Ultimately, it was a story about humanity. It even had a hashtag, #KarmaCycle.
After my essay was published in The Washington Post, the worldwide media attention came quickly. For a girl who grew up watching Carson Daly on MTV in the mid-90s, hearing him say my name on the "Today" show was a big deal. But as a woman who regularly hears the phrase "fake news" thrown around, I got a firsthand look. While most news outlets got it right, some got it wrong.
My story was twisted by a few places, including a slide show that aired of a painter (supposedly me; I am not a painter) getting assaulted by a robber (what?) while riding her bike. It was in Spanish.
The mistakes were entertaining, but the essence of the story remained: It was about inspired strangers working within their means to help each other. Back in Brooklyn, I felt the need to bring the goodwill story full circle.
To begin with, I had a kid's bike to give away, given to me by Stranger #1. I called dozens of local elementary and middle schools asking if they knew a kid who needed a bike. Some people were skeptical. Why are you giving away a bike? What's wrong with it? Others thought it was great, but couldn't fathom what to do with it. How should we decide who deserves it? Do you have one for everyone?
Doing good was going to be harder than I thought.
Then there was the question of the $200 from Stranger #3. I wanted to buy a bike, but I didn't want the bucks to (literally) stop with me. I don't consider myself a biker (no clip-ins or padded spandex here), but I love biking in New York City, and I'm shocked at how many of my friends don't have bikes.
I'm a video producer, so I decided to make a short film about my bike hunt to expose people to some of NYC's bike resources — and to have a little fun.
That's when CitiBike called.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mohamed Salah chose not to celebrate his brace against Roma in the first leg of Liverpool's Champions League semi-final clash on Tuesday night.
The Egyptian king left the Serie A giants for the Anfield club in the summer, putting pen to paper with Liverpool in a deal worth £35million.
When he scored against Chelsea earlier in the season he refused to celebrate out of respect for his former employees, and did the same thing twice on Tuesday night.
Salah was instead seen holding his hands out in front of him as his Liverpool team-mates dived all over him and celebrated his goals passionately.
(Image: BT Sport)
Speaking in the BT Sport studio after the game Gary Lineker, Rio Ferdinand, Frank Lampard, and Gerrard discussed Salah's brilliance in netting a brace and assisting two more goals in the 5-2 win.
Lineker then said: "Equally impressive was that it must have been so difficult not to celebrate in the semi-final of the Champions League and out of respect, obviously for Roma, he didn't."
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
Lampard replied: "Fair play, I like that."
The studio then turned towards Gerrard to see what the Liverpool legend made of Salah opting against celebrating. And it seems that while the Reds Champions League winner wasn't against it, he was surprised Salah was able to resist.
"Inside he must have been bursting to go crazy," said Gerrard.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Liverpool will take on Roma again in the second leg of their Champions League semi-final next week, where they will be hoping to kill the tie off with an early away goal.
Roma meanwhile, who pulled off a remarkable turn around against Barcelona in their quarter-final clash with the Catalan giants, will be hoping lightening can strike twice.
UNITED NATIONS — Legal proceedings have been postponed for 48 hours for the Stony Brook University professor detained last week in his native Cameroon because of his writings allegedly criticizing — and possibly threatening — the nation's president, said the professor's Long Island-based colleague.
A hearing scheduled for Monday for Patrice Nganang will take place later in the week, said Robert Harvey, a colleague of Nganang's at SBU. Nganang, 47, an outspoken cultural study and comparative literature professor, was arrested while boarding a plane Wednesday in Cameroon.
Harvey said in an email that he was in touch with Nganang's wife, Nyasha Bakare, who was waiting for Nganang in Harare, Zimbabwe, last week when he tried to board a plane in Douala, Cameroon, and was arrested by security forces. Bakare said the proceeding had been postponed, but it was unclear what that meant for Nganang's case.
By Monday, an open letter generated at Princeton University that “condemn in the strongest possible terms the illegal detention of our colleague and friend, the esteemed Cameroonian-American scholar and writer Professor Patrice Nganang,” had garnered over 450 signatures from academics and activists worldwide. It also contained signatures of more than 100 SBU professors, including Harvey, and students.
A change.org petition also has nearly 5,000 signatures, written in French.
A spokesman for UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said he had not heard back from UN officials in the Department of Political Affairs about Nganang's case, so UN officials had no new information about the case Monday.
But Guterres, in October, condemned an outbreak of violence in the English-speaking areas and urged all sides to show restraint.
After Nganang's arrest, he was taken to the capital, Yaounde, where he awaits further legal proceedings, according to his attorney, Emmanuel Simh, who has said in media reports that Nganang is being held for insulting President Paul Biya for his handling of a volatile situation in the country's English-speaking regions.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Nganang was taken to the General Delegation National Security detention center in Yaoundé a day after he published an essay on Dec. 5 in Jeune Afrique that suggested the crisis in Cameroon's Anglophone regions might only be solved by a change in leadership. And, in a Facebook posting, his attorney said the government alleges, Nganang threatened Biya.
At a Saturday hearing with the judiciary police, Nganang was informed of the charges, according to a news release issued by his family and friends. Simh had argued that Nganang, who neither owns firearms nor works with armed groups, did not pose a threat to Biya, adding that Nganang has a “long history of peaceful activism promoting democracy,” according to the news release.
The unrest in Cameroon has caused waves of deadly violence over the past year, and tens of thousands of refugees have streamed into neighboring Nigeria amid the government's crackdowns on strikes and demonstrations.
End of the road! Malawi National Under 20 Football Team on Monday bowed out of the Mopani Copper Mines Cosafa Under 20 Championship 2017 edition currently under way in Zambia after they were forced to a one-all draw…
The post Malawi U-20 knocked out of Cosafa after draw with Uganda appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother nominations have been revealed in a complicated twist.
As part of this week's task, the house was split into two cheerleading teams, with whichever team won at the end of the task given immunity.
The blue team won the challenge, guessing the most amount of tweets corrects.
They chose to save Sandi Bogle and Shaun Williamson from elimination, leaving Helen Lederer, Jemma Lucy, Jordan Davies and Sam Thompson up for nomination.
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: Rex Features)
But that wasn't it, as Big Brother made the results of the task "null and void" due to Sarah Harding and Helen Lederer helping out Amelia Lily to call Jemma the most two-faced housemate in the task earlier.
To decide once and for all who was the winning team, each team had to guess which percentage of the public vote the blue team won for their winning cheer routine.
The blue team guessed 63% and the red team guessed 72%, with the answer being 65%.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: C5)
The blue team had chosen earlier, but Brandi Glanville felt they should make sure Helen was immune from eviction in place of Sandi or Shaun.
In the end, they stuck with the same nominations as earlier.
So Helen, Jemma, Jordan and Sam will face eviction in the live show on Wednesday.
*Celebrity Big Brother continues on Channel 5 tomorrow at 9pm
What Is The Logan Act, And Why Does It Matter?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
If Michael Flynn, President Trump's former national security adviser, was trying to reassure the Russian ambassador about sanctions leveled by the Obama administration, then he may have broken the law.
That law is the Logan Act. It's gotten a lot of attention recently and is at the center of the scandal surrounding Flynn, who resigned Monday night after multiple reports were published noting that he had misled the vice president and others in the administration. Flynn categorically denied to Mike Pence, then vice president-elect, last month that he had discussed the sanctions.
That has turned out to be not true. And Pence unwittingly repeated the falsehood on Sunday shows. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump asked for Flynn's resignation because of an "eroding level of trust." He reiterated that it was not a "legal issue, but a trust issue."
"There was nothing wrong or inappropriate about those discussions," Spicer contended.
But without the release of the transcript of the phone call — which exists — between Flynn and the Russian ambassador, there's no way to know if there isn't a legal issue.
So what is the Logan Act, has it ever been prosecuted and could Flynn be susceptible?
First, what is it?
The Logan Act states, in part:
"Any citizen of the United States, wherever he may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both."
Let's break that down. This is saying that no private person can try to conduct foreign policy without the permission of the U.S. government. Specifically, that person isn't allowed to talk with a foreign government or its representative and try to influence foreign policy.
When was it put in place and why?
It's named for Dr. George Logan, a Republican lawmaker from Pennsylvania, who traveled to France in 1798 and negotiated a lifting of an embargo and the release of American sailors held captive in French prisons. He did so without the permission of President John Adams, though he was a friend of then-Vice President Thomas Jefferson.
It was after the French Revolution, and the United States didn't help France because of a treaty with England. The French were upset and began robbing passing American ships and jailing its sailors. Official Adams administration envoys tried unsuccessfully to settle the unrest with France — and the country appeared tumbling toward war with France.
That's when Logan, a Quaker, embarked on his effort. He succeeded, but when he got back to the U.S., Adams, Washington and others were furious. Congress then acted to bar actions like Logan's from taking place again.
Has anyone ever been prosecuted?
No, but plenty of people have been mentioned in relation to it and at least one was indicted.
The indictment was way back in 1803, four years after the law was put in place. An anonymous column ran in a Kentucky newspaper arguing for "A Western America" allied with France. The U.S. attorney for Kentucky was an Adams ally and got a grand jury to indict Francis Flournoy, a farmer, who actually wrote the column. But it never went to trial. Later that year, the Louisiana Purchase, which expanded the U.S. West, made it moot.
Various courts have mentioned the Logan Act, as the Congressional Research Service points out, but it has mostly been used as a weapon to try to shame political opponents. For example, in the 1980s, there was former House Speaker Jim Wright's relationship with the Sandinista government in Nicaragua and Jesse Jackson negotiating in Syria and Cuba for prisoner releases.
"That is the law of the land," a frustrated President Ronald Reagan said in an interview in 1984 of the Logan Act and Jackson's efforts, adding, "We are not going to take legal action, but I do feel that while in this instance he was successful, there were things that make you pause and think."
During the George W. Bush administration, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took a trip to Syria and talked about improving U.S.-Syria relations with that government, irritating the White House. Former President Jimmy Carter also traveled to Syria in 2008 to meet with Hamas about Mideast peace. As recently as 2015, the act was mentioned again when 47 Republican U.S. senators wrote a letter to Iran downplaying the nuclear deal.
And Syria raised the potential of a Logan Act violation when Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii met with Syrian leader Bashar Assad last month before President Trump took office.
"I wanted to see if there was, in some small way, a way that I could express the love and the aloha and the care that the American people have for the people of Syria," she told CNN.
The Obama administration's official position was regime change in Syria.
Could Flynn be susceptible?
If Flynn, in any way, reassured the Russian ambassador in his phone conversations or texts that the incoming Trump administration would loosen or drop the sanctions Obama put in place, that could potentially be a violation.
As noted above, there is a transcript. The White House is confident Flynn didn't say anything that could have violated the law. Of course, that could be open to interpretation. It would be up to the Jeff Sessions Justice Department to review the transcript and bring a case, if it saw fit. That is seen as unlikely.
But there are other ways in which Flynn could be at risk.
Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Committee said Tuesday it's possible that Flynn will be called to testify under oath. More could become known about the specifics of the call before then. The New York Times reports Tuesday evening that the FBI questioned Flynn in the early days of the Trump presidency about his conversations. And investigators believe Flynn "was not entirely forthcoming":
"That raises the stakes of what so far has been a political scandal that cost Mr. Flynn his job. If the authorities conclude that Mr. Flynn knowingly lied to the F.B.I., it could expose him to a felony charge."
ROME (CNS) -- Standing at the foot of a Marian statue, Pope Francis prayed Mary would help Christians develop the "antibodies" needed to fight the modern diseases of indifference, hypocrisy and fear of foreigners.
Celebrating the Dec. 8 feast of the Immaculate Conception, the pope recited the Angelus prayer at noon with visitors in St. Peter's Square, visited the Rome Basilica of St. Mary Major, laid a basket of white roses at the foot of the Marian statue near the Spanish Steps, then visited the Church of St. Andrew where, in 1842, Mary appeared to Alphonse Ratisbonne, a young Jewish man. He converted to Catholicism and founded the Congregation of Our Lady of Sion.
In his prayer near the Spanish Steps in the heart of Rome, Pope Francis thanked Mary for watching over him and over the people of Rome, especially "the sick, the aged, all the poor, the many people who have immigrated here from lands of war and hunger."
He prayed that Mary would help people "develop antibodies against some of the viruses of our times: the indifference that says, 'It's not my problem'; civic rudeness which ignores the common good; the fear of what is different and of the foreigner."
"The hypocrisy of accusing others while doing the same things; being resigned to environmental and ethical degradation" and "the exploitation of men and women" were other ills the pope listed.
Pope Francis noted that 175 years ago when Mary appeared to Ratisbonne in the Rome church, "she showed him a mother full of grace and mercy."
He prayed that Christians, "especially in moments of trial and temptation," would, like Ratisbonne, see Mary's open hands pouring out Jesus' grace on the world and giving people the ability "to shed every trace of proud arrogance to see ourselves as we are: small and poor sinners, but always your children."
In his Angelus address earlier in the day, the pope said the feast of the Immaculate Conception can be summarized by the angle Gabriel's greeting to Mary as "full of grace."
The doctrine of the Immaculate Conception teaches that Mary was conceived and born without original sin. By calling her "full of grace," the angel meant that she "was full of the presence of God," leaving no room in her life for sin, the pope said.
"She is the only 'always green oasis' of humanity, the only uncontaminated one, created immaculate so that she could welcome fully, with her 'yes,' God who was coming into the world," Pope Francis said.
Mary, he said, came from a small town off the beaten track. "She was not famous. Even when the angel visited her, no one knew. There weren't any reporters there that day."
But she spent time reading the Scriptures and praying. "The word of God was her secret; it was close to her heart, and then it became flesh in her womb."
- - -
Follow Wooden on Twitter: @Cindy_Wooden.
“The man suspected of opening fire on Republican members of the congressional baseball team early Wednesday morning was distraught over the election of President Trump and traveled to Washington in recent weeks to protest, his brother said on Wednesday,” Nicholas Fandos reports for The New York Times. “The suspect, James Thomas Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Ill., died in a Washington hospital after a shootout with the police.”
Hodgkinson showered the field with bullets that struck five people, including Steve Scalise, the majority whip of the House of Representatives.
“‘I know he wasn't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,' his brother, Michael Hodgkinson, said in a telephone interview shortly after he received the news on Wednesday,” Fandos reports. “Social media accounts that appear to be affiliated with Mr. Hodgkinson show a man deeply connected to liberal politics and distrustful of Republican-controlled Washington. In posts, he rails against Republicans, lavishes praise upon Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, the one-time presidential candidate, and shows a deep engagement with churn of news coming out of Washington.”
“Mr. Hodgkinson's Facebook page was filled with references to Mr. Sanders, who lost the Democratic primary nomination to Hillary Clinton but has remained active in calling for Democrats to endorse more progressive policies,” Fandos reports. “In late March, the sheriff responded to a report of man firing dozens of shots near Mr. Hodgkinson's home. When authorities arrived, they found Mr. Hodgkinson and advised him not to shoot in the area. An incident report indicates that he presented a valid firearms owner identification card.”
Appel CEO Tim Cook responded to the shooting via Twitter:
Saddened by the terrifying events in Virginia. Our prayers are with all those affected. Such violence has no place in America – or anywhere. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 14, 2017
Read more in the full article here.
Alex Chilton's Man Called Destruction, Redux
With all the ongoing powerpop geek hyperventilation over Big Star, Alex Chilton's solo albums are too often overlooked. Granted, they're cut from a different cloth, but their shambolic charms and stubborn resistance to current trends made them stand out every bit as much as #1 Record or Third/Sister Lovers stood out against the prevailing winds of their own times.
Recorded in familiar surroundings at Ardent Studios in Memphis, and originally released via Ardent Records in 1995, A Man Called Destruction has long been a favorite of mine. A fun jumble of Chilton originals and far-flung curiosities from the likes of Fats Domino (“Sick and Tired”), Jimmy Reed (“You Don't Have to Go”), Jan & Dean (“New Girl in School,” written with Brian Wilson), Danny Pearson (the goofy “What's Your Sign Girl”) and, perhaps oddest of all, Italian entertainer Adriano Celentano (“Il Ribelle”), the album's clash of R&B, blues and garage rock has a reckless spirit comparable to a Replacements show circa '84, except Chilton & Co. can actually play the songs (solidly) start to finish.
The good people at Omnivore Recordings are re-releasing A Man Called Destruction on August 25th on double gatefold vinyl, CD and download, appended with seven previously unissued bonus tracks from the same sessions. Memphis-based music journalist Bob Mehr (author of, appropriately, Trouble Boys: The True Story of The Replacements) penned new liner notes for your reading enjoyment.
Photo by Paula Burch.
ST. MORITZ, Switzerland — France edged Slovakia by just eight-hundredths of a second to win the team event at the World Ski Championships on Tuesday.
The final finished level at 2-2 after Alexis Pinturault and Mathieu Faivre won their races for the French, and Veronika Velez Zuzulova and Petra Vlhova for the Slovaks. The tie breaking time went in favor of France, handing them a first medal of the championships.
“We didn't expect it but we were ready to fight really hard until the end,” said Tessa Worley, the only member of the France team who also won team gold at the Garmisch worlds in 2011. “It was a long shot, for sure. There are so many runs to do. It was really, really tight! We're really happy we've won gold and we'll celebrate it with the whole team.”
Sweden took bronze after posting a 3-1 victory over a Switzerland team featuring two individual gold medal winners in Wendy Holdener and Luca Aerni. Double defending champions Austria saw their hopes of a third successive gold go up in smoke with a 4-1 defeat by Sweden in the quarterfinals.
Marcel Hirscher, chasing a sixth consecutive overall World Cup title, had a shocker of an afternoon, losing both his races. First he was subject of a massive upset when edged by Dries van den Broecke in Austria's 3-1 opening win over Belgium, before losing to Sweden's Andre Myhrer.
First introduced into the world champs in 2005, the team event will next year be included on the program of the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
The telegenic event has caught the public's imagination, with skiers racing down a slalom slope side-by-side to offer a different take on the very individualistic sport of alpine skiing.
Lara Gut to undergo surgery in coming days
Switzerland's Lara Gut is to undergo surgery on her left knee in the coming days, the Swiss team announced Tuesday. Gut, who won bronze in the super-G and was considered a top Swiss medal hope at the World Ski Championships in St Moritz, was airlifted to hospital after rupturing the anterior cruciate ligament and tearing the meniscus of her left knee during the warm-up for the slalom run of Friday's alpine combined event.
The Swiss team said she will undergo an operation when the swollen state of her knee allows, with a decision on her return to the slopes dependent on her recovery. In Gut's absence, the Swiss team have rallied to top the medals table with six, including three golds for Luca Aerni (men's combined), Beat Feuz (downhill) and Wendy Holdener (women's combined).
The Boston Celtics are sniffing around human pterodactyl and former Texas Longhorns big man Mo Bamba.Danny Ainge's Celtics are interested in trading up in the2018 NBA Draft to pick Bamba, according to Sporting News' Sean Deveney.
But to get to Bamba, who is a likely top-six pick, the Celtics would have to part with some important pieces. They're currently slated to pick at No. 27 overall in the first round. They'd have to package that selection with a player — at the very least. From Deveney:
“It's almost certain that the Celtics would not move rookie forward Jayson Tatum, who just wrapped up the postseason as the team's leading scorer, at 18.5 points per game. Less certain, though, is what Boston might do with point guard Terry Rozier (16.5 points, 5.7 assists and 5.3 rebounds per game in the playoffs) or swingman Jaylen Brown (18.0 points per game in the playoffs).”
Moving Rozier with the Celtics' No. 27 overall pick to get Bamba is an absolute no-brainer, and thus is probably a deal no team in the top six selections would consider. Rozier will enter the final year of his contract in the 2018-19 season. The Celtics would probably have to also part with the Sacramento Kings' first-round pick (protected for the No. 1 overall pick and the Memphis Grizzlies' first-rounder (top-8 protected).
Brown, on the other hand, complicates the deal. He's the more desirable player not only because he's got more potential, but also because the two teams (the Mavericks and Grizzlies) that Deveny reports are interested in picking Bamba are set at point guard. Brown appears to be a budding All-Star with a high ceiling at both ends of the floor. As he bulks up and gets more comfortable attacking the rim, Brown could become one of the NBA's best at his position. The same could be said of Bamba, but of course as a draft prospect, he's not as far along in his development. The Celtics already drafted and developed Brown, who was pegged as a raw prospect in the 2016 NBA Draft.
Why part ways for another undeveloped and physically gifted prospect? Well, Bamba plays a more desirable position for the Celtics. Boston is loaded with talent on the wing. Gordon Hayward will return. Jayson Tatum emerged as a potential superstar. That adds up to fewer minutes for Brown, which also means a smaller impact and perhaps slower development.
The Celtics' roster is currently best-equipped to play small ball for much of 2018-19. With Bamba, perhaps they could play some basketball the old fashion way — with positions. They wouldn't be abandoning positionless basketball altogether. But Bamba would give them more options. He could develop into a high-impact player at the 5-spot, which would allow Al Horford to play 4 more often. Tatum, Hayward and Kyrie Irving would probably round out the rest of the starting lineup.
It's easy to see why Ainge and the Celtics are at least interested.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police divers looking for a missing teenager have pulled a body from a river in Slough.
Underwater crews made the discovery in the Jubliee River at around 12.55pm.
A Thames Valley Police spokesman said: "Following an extensive search of the Jubilee River in Slough, sadly, we have located the body of a young male at around 12.55pm today.
"The death is being treated as unexplained."
The youngster entered the water at around 3.45pm yesterday, according to local reports.
(Image: INS News Agency Ltd)
(Image: INS News Agency Ltd)
People in the area first began to search for him but failed to locate him.
A full scale police operation was launched a short time later.
They were joined by search and rescue teams and a helicopter.
This morning, Thames Valley Police launched a dive team to scan the river for the youngster.
They made the heartbreaking find a few hours later.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday claimed at an election rally that there was an attempt by Pakistan to interfere in the Gujarat polls. Photo: AFP
Islamabad: Pakistan on Monday said India's politicians should not drag the country into its domestic politics during campaigning for the Gujarat assembly polls.
“India should stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate and win victories on own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies, which are utterly baseless and irresponsible,” Pakistan's Foreign Office spokesman Mohammad Faisal said on Twitter.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday claimed at an election rally that there was an attempt by Pakistan to interfere in the Gujarat polls. Modi also raised questions about the alleged appeal by former director general (DG) of the Pakistan Army Sardar Arshad Rafiq for making senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel chief minister of Gujarat.
Modi alleged that Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar had held a meeting at his house which was attended by former prime minister Manmohan Singh, a former Indian vice president, Pakistan's high commissioner in India, and a former Pakistani foreign minister.
“On one hand, Pakistan Army's former DG is interfering in Gujarat's election, and on the other, Pakistani people are holding a meeting at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house. After that meeting, people of Gujarat, backward communities, poor people and Modi were insulted.
Don't you think such events raise doubts?” the prime minister had said while addressing a poll rally in Gujarat. PTI
What Flynn's Ouster Means For Netanyahu and Trump
President Trump meets Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who had considered the former national security adviser Michael Flynn to be an ally in the White House.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every minute, around 300 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube - and now the site has revealed just how much of that content has to be removed.
YouTube has released a new quarterly report detailing how it tackles violative content on the platform.
The report, titled the YouTube Community Guidelines Enforcement Report, reveals that from October-December 2017, the platform removed over eight million videos.
The majority of these eight million videos were mostly spam or people attempting to upload adult content.
(Image: YouTube)
Interestingly, 6.7 million videos were first flagged for review by machines rather than humans - and 76 per cent of those were removed before they received a single view.
In a blog on the report, a spokesperson for YouTube said: “For example, at the beginning of 2017, 8 percent of the videos flagged and removed for violent extremism were taken down with fewer than 10 views.
“We introduced machine learning flagging in June 2017. Now more than half of the videos we remove for violent extremism have fewer than 10 views.”
(Image: YouTube)
While you might think that deploying machine learning would reduce the number of people reviewing content, YouTube says it's actually the opposite.
The spokesperson added: “Our systems rely on human review to assess whether content violates our policies.”
In 2017, Google - which owns YouTube - committed to bringing the total number of people working to address violative content to 10,000 this year.
YouTube says it is on track to meet its contribution to that goal.
Doha: Qatar said Wednesday it has pulled all of its troops from the border of Djibouti and Eritrea, east African nations that have a long-running territorial dispute which Doha had helped mediate.
Qatar offered no explanation for the move, though it comes amid a diplomatic dispute with other Arab nations that have cut diplomatic ties and now are trying to isolate Qatar from the rest of the world. While the dispute hasn't escalated to a military confrontation, Qatar's military is dwarfed by neighbouring Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, two of its biggest opponents in the crisis.
The 450 Qatari troops controlled a mountainous border crossing between Eritrea and Djibouti, said Nasredin Ali, a spokesman for Eritrea's biggest armed group, known as the Red Sea Afar Democratic Organization. Eritrean forces moved in after the troops departed, Ali said.
Eritrea's top diplomat to the African Union, Araya Desta, told The Associated Press the move came after Eritrea cut diplomatic ties to Qatar. However, Desta said his country wanted no confrontation with Djibouti. “We don't want to take any of Djibouti's land,” Araya said. “The last time we had some skirmishes. It was unnecessary.”
Doha mediated the conflict between the two countries in 2010. Gulf nations have stationed troops in both African countries, using that as a jumping-off point for the ongoing Saudi-led war in Yemen.
Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain have accused Qatar of supporting terrorism and severed ties with Doha last week. Qatar denies the allegations, but its ties to Iran and embrace of various Islamist groups have put the country under intense scrutiny.
UN secretary general Antonio Guterres spoke to Kuwait's deputy prime minister Sheikh Sabah Al-Khalid Al-Sabah on Wednesday and expressed “full support for Kuwait's efforts to de-escalate tensions and to promote effective dialogue” to resolve the crisis, UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said.
In Geneva, the United Nations human rights chief said Wednesday he is “alarmed about the possible impact” of a diplomatic rift in the Persian Gulf on people's lives.
“It is becoming clear that the measures being adopted are overly broad in scope and implementation, and have the potential to seriously disrupt the lives of thousands of women, children and men,” said Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein.
After cutting ties with Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain also ordered Qatari residents out though on Sunday, officials said there would be exceptions for mixed-nationality families. Al-Hussein said these measures do not sufficiently address all cases and expressed alarm that the UAE and Bahrain have threatened to jail and fine people who express sympathy for Qatar online.
Bahrain's public prosecutor said Wednesday a citizen was detained for questioning over expressions of criticism at the country's stance toward Qatar.
Also Wednesday, Saudi Arabia blocked access to Qatar's state TV website in the latest move by the kingdom to isolate the tiny Gulf country. The kingdom said the website was blocked because it violates the rules of the Ministry of Culture and Information.
Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain have also barred new subscriptions and imports of satellite decoders for the Qatari-owned beIN Media Group, which includes sports and movie channels.
The three countries, along with Egypt, have already blocked access to Qatar's Al Jazeera Arabic news channel and its affiliate websites. Saudi Arabia has also revoked Al Jazeera's operating license.
Meanwhile, top donors trying to relieve the humanitarian crisis engulfing war-torn Syria met in Doha on Wednesday. Countries have pledged $6 billion to help Syria, but so far only 22% of that has been funded, said Marcy Vigoda of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
I'm “taking this opportunity to request this top donor group to use your leverage, to use your influence ... to ensure that pledges are turned into commitments,” Vigoda said.
Saif Ali Khan and Radhika Apte in a still from ‘Sacred Games', a Netflix original.
“Apna Cola”. That's what the label says on the bottle Ganesh Gaitonde sips from. Gaitonde, played by Nawazuddin Siddiqui, is a crime lord who rattles off his police record the way a fan would parrot the most impressive statistics of his favourite batsman, for he is his own favourite felon. He manufactured the cola himself, and while it might not have marked a successful entry into the soft beverage segment, many years later, on the eve of his death, he remains loyal to his drink. It is, after all, home-grown.
So is Sacred Games. Based on the voluminous novel by acclaimed writer Vikram Chandra and helmed by celebrated directors Anurag Kashyap and Vikramaditya Motwane, it is Netflix's first Indian original series. It comes at a time when there isn't a single Indian fiction series that can be heralded, which is why storytellers around the country are rooting for it to succeed. I have watched the first four episodes of eight, for review (the series will release on Netflix worldwide on 6 July), and, I am relieved to report, it looks solid.
I have only read the first five pages of Chandra's novel—the ones available online for free before one is compelled to buy the book—and the Sacred Games series starts, like the book, with a grotesque splat as a white Pomeranian plunges to its messy death from a Mumbai high-rise. We meet Sartaj Singh (a taciturn and stocky Saif Ali Khan), an unimportant policeman with his anxiety medication close at hand. Unimportant, that is, till he gets a phone call from a man who has the name of a god—and just about as many delusions.
Curiously, the directors shot the series in unison as opposed to episode by episode, with Motwane taking Singh's track and Kashyap focusing on Gaitonde, narratives overlapping as Singh investigates a doomsday scenario, while the backstory—revealed in Gaitonde's voice—gets us up to speed. He is part megalomaniac villain and part Forrest Gump, an unsolicited narrator who talks slowly and self-indulgently about things we may not have asked to know, but which, perhaps because of Siddiqui's magnetism, always appear vital.
Everything will explode in 25 days, he says. The show is thus a cat and mouse game, executed not merely with precision but with a cool head. Writers Varun Grover, Vasant Nath and Smita Singh keep most scenes short, the narrative stocked with cliffhangers, and take deft incursions into politics and religion: for instance, a horrific fable of two demons (narrated by the great Pankaj Tripathi) acts as a brutal metaphor for faith as a weapon.
Siddiqui, once again, plays a goodfella. Like Henry Hill, he is a young man obsessed with power, which lets him rise from toddy manufacturer to neighbourhood gangster till he realizes true wealth—and true power over other men—lies only in politics. As a scene shows, the man in charge is too powerful to shred his own dirty paperwork. In India, the man wearing white is the made man.
This is familiar territory for Siddiqui, who has traversed the rags-to-bloody-power journey for Kashyap in movies like Gangs Of Wasseypur and Raman Raghav 2.0, but the actor continues to hold our interest, seething with quieter, more lethal menace as he gets to play a better-rounded character. Trod upon and traumatized, his Gaitonde is a cipher.
In the other corner, Khan is super as an unlikely maverick, a man of honour who is both unassuming and determined. It is a complex, tightly wound character and Khan—wearing persecution and righteousness in his eyes—creates a leading man free of charisma, yet compelling enough to root for. We don't know what makes Sartaj Singh tick, and what his deep-rooted daddy issues are, but Khan makes us want to find out. When he breaks out of a box using the metal kada around his wrist like a crowbar, it is a moment to celebrate but not a moment of glory. Never glory. At least not yet.
It is a mighty cast, featuring heavyweights like Neeraj Kabi and Radhika Apte. Two performances I'd like to single out are Jitendra Joshi—who plays Singh's aide, Katekar, a policeman struggling not just with the mission but with work-life balance—and Kubbra Sait as Cuckoo, a cabaret singer clad in shiny Parveen Babi gold dresses who cockily refers to herself as paradise. These are sensational characters who spark the narrative, which can't be said of numerous subplots involving abused actresses and pimps. Plus there's Luke Kenny, walking around with two guns blazing, looking like he's doing Terminator role play. It remains to be seen where these threads lead.
Sacred Games is a slow series, and, despite the ticking 25-day clock, there is little sense of urgency. I wonder if audiences internationally, unfamiliar with the pedigree of the creators or the goodwill of our actors, will be as patient. It is not an immediately explosive concept, unfolding more like a thriller by numbers, helped along by strong performances and some nimble direction.
Yet I must watch the rest and you should make room on your watchlists, for we finally have an Indian series to binge and quote and argue over, and hasn't that been our streaming dream? Right now, we don't need to compare Sacred Gameswith Narcos and the unmissable exploits of Pablo Escobar, crown prince of coke. We have our cola.
Stream of Stories is a column on what to watch online. Raja Sen is a film critic and the author of The Best Baker In The World (2017), a children's adaptation of The Godfather. He tweets at @RajaSen
MACOMB, Ill. — Dalan Ancrum scored 25 points and grabbed seven rebounds as Western Illinois snapped a four-game losing streak by thumping Oral Roberts, 82-56 in a Summit League contest Saturday afternoon.
Ancrum's jumper put the Leathernecks in front for good, 10-9, four minutes into the game and drilled a 3 midway through the half for a 22-12 advantage.
Ancrum finished 8 of 14 from the field and 7-for-7 shooting from the line. Kobe Webster added 21 points. Western Illinois (11-11, 2-7) connected on 17 of 19 free-throw attempts (89.5 per cent), hitting better than 68 per cent from the line for just the second time in Summit League play and first since they shot 87.5 per cent in its first meeting with the Eagles.
Sam Kearns scored 12 points to lead Oral Roberts (9-17, 3-6), which trailed by 19 at halftime, 38-19.
WATCH: Toronto Officer Praised For Restraint In Standoff With Suspected Van Driver
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cole Burston/Getty Images Cole Burston/Getty Images
The man suspected of killing at least 10 people on Monday by plowing a rented white van down crowded Toronto sidewalks appeared in court Tuesday morning and has been charged with 10 counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
And the Toronto police officer who arrested Alek Minassian, who during a tense standoff repeatedly yelled that he wanted the officer to shoot him, is receiving wide praise for his restraint. The CBC says the officer has been identified as Constable Ken Lam.
In video shot by bystanders, the suspect stands next to the battered white van and draws what looks to be a weapon (police later said he had no weapon on him, according to the Toronto Star).
Toronto Star YouTube
The officer is pointing a gun at him. "Get down!" Lam is heard saying. "Kill me!" says the suspect, claiming that he has a gun in his pocket. "I don't care, get down!" the officer replies. "Get down or you'll be shot."
"Shoot me in the head," the suspect says. The officer continues to urge him to get down. Seconds later, the video shows the suspect on the ground as the officer puts him in handcuffs. Lam did not fire any shots.
Mike McCormack, president of the Toronto Police Association, said he believes the officer prevented further carnage, the Star reports.
"He's shaken up by the whole thing, and shaken up by the magnitude. He said, 'You know, I was just doing my job,' " McCormack said. "He's been confronted by someone who is making like he has a weapon, threatening the officer's life, trying to get the officer to shoot him, and he arrests that guy."
Ralph Goodale, Canada's minister of public safety and emergency preparedness, said on Twitter that he was "grateful for the brave and professional response of @TorontoPolice and other first responders to the horrific attack at Yonge and Finch," the streets where the attack took place.
Star columnist Rosie DiManno describes the officer as "remarkably composed."
"All the fingerprints of suicide by cop," she writes. "But the officer didn't shoot and the suspect dropped to his knees, flinging his arms in the air."
DiManno adds: "On a day of many heroes, that brave cop is at the top of the list, along with the many first responders, paramedics and hospital resources stretched to the limits."
The CBC reports that this incident "stands in contrast to footage of other police takedowns in Toronto that haven't ended peacefully." Here's more:
"The Toronto Police Service was widely criticized for its handling of the Sammy Yatim case in 2013 that led to Const. James Forcillo's conviction for attempted murder in the shooting death of the 18-year-old. Forcillo is appealing his sentence of six years in prison. ... "Members of the Toronto Police Services Board passed a motion in February to issue hundreds of more conducted energy weapons (CEWs), or Tasers, to certain on-duty constables. The move is billed as a way to help the police force achieve a goal of zero deaths when it comes to interactions between the public and police. "Part of the approved motion also requires the TPS to conduct a review of other use-of-force options and gather input from the public and affected groups."
The motive in Monday's van attack is unclear, although police told reporters yesterday that they believe the rampage was deliberate. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday that there is no evidence the incident "has a national security element," according to the CBC.
© Getty Images
Screws tighten
It has long been regarded as a poor country.But as it turns out North Korea is a lot richer than we thought, or at the very least has the potential to be.North Korea has mineral resources estimated to be worth at least $6 trillion, according to Quartz , and the secretive state is sitting on a vast array of mineral resources which remains largely untapped including iron, gold, magnesite, zinc, copper, limestone, molybdenum and graphite.Its bedrock also holds a large amount of metals needed to make smartphones and other technological products.But while the isolated nation might be rich in underground resources, taking advantage of the buried treasure this remains another issue.Exact estimates of North Korea's potential wealth are difficult to obtain.North Korea expert Leonid Petrov said estimates of $6 trillion were not unheard of or unrealistic but admitted an exact figure was hard to verify.Petrov, a visiting fellow at the Australian National University College of Asia and the Pacific, told News.com.au that North Korea has large stockpiles of natural resources.He also said a lack of suitable mining equipment and potential buyers for rarer minerals made it more difficult for North Korea to sell what it did manage to extract from the ground.Petrov said China was also keen to maintain trade with North Korea and was particularly keen on maintaining a monopoly in certain areas."China is interested in keeping North Korea as a closed market for precious metals," Petrov said."North Korea is very rich in natural resources and while they have some technology, it doesn't have strong foreign investment and investment capital."Petrov said tough international sanctions also meant dealing with North Korea on a financial level remained extremely difficult. He said trading using gold or suitcases of money was also highly unappealing for foreign investors.The mining sector remains crucial for North Korea's economy and many experts believe this is how it manages to support its military spending.Private mining remains illegal in North Korea and around 14 percent of its economy is made up of mining underground resources, Quartz reported.China handles around 90 percent of North Korea's external trade.Its banks and companies are also said to provide Pyongyang access to the US-dominated international financial system.North Korea has come under global condemnation over its nuclear weapons testing and its defiance to advance its program.Pyongyang has test-fired 12 missiles in nine launches so far this year, compared to 10 missile launches over the same period in 2016.In March, the UN unanimously passed a resolution expanding the sanctions imposed on the country in a bid to halt the program.In response, China banned imports of gold from North Korea as well as exports to the country of jet fuel and other oil products used to make rocket fuel, Reuters reported.A series of UN trade sanctions have blocked the entry of technology into North Korea for building ballistic missiles since 2006. A UN ban also prohibits sales of weapons and fuel for missiles.Just this week, Donald Trump urged all nations to join the US in imposing sanctions to starve North Korea of resources for its nuclear and missile programs.He demanded North Korea "choose a better path and do it quickly, and a different future for its long- suffering people." A United Nations report earlier this year revealed Pyongyang has managed to get around current sanctions by using foreign entities to disguise where some of its goods were coming from.It has also managed to export some banned minerals while having access to international banking.
Related Coverage Gov. Cuomo signs bill to allow medical marijuana for PTSD
(AP) — Former “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon is running for New York governor.
After flirting with a run for months, Nixon tweeted Monday that she will challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
It sets up a longshot bid pitting an openly gay liberal activist who has never held political office against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
Her campaign website said Nixon won't accept any corporate contributions and will limit contributions from any individual or organization to $65,100 for the election cycle.
“We want our government to work again. On health care, ending massive incarceration, fixing our broken subway,” Nixon said in a video announcing her candidacy . “We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us.”
Nixon has her work cut out for her. A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading her 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats, and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals. Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats but didn't have more than a quarter of either group.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The margin of error is plus or minus 4 percentage points.
Related Content: Gov. Cuomo signs bill to allow medical marijuana for PTSD
Nixon in recent months has given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run “bluer” in 2018 and carve out a strong, progressive liberal identity rather than being merely “the anti-Trump party.”
“It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense,” said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio.
Nixon, a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three, is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has frequently clashed with Cuomo on a range of issues. Her video shows her with her young son Max as she talks about being a proud public school parent.
Last month, at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign, which has endorsed Cuomo, she took a backhanded stab at the governor's record: “For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state, New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country.”
A Cuomo campaign spokesman said the governor “has delivered more real progressive wins than any other Democrat in the country,” including legalizing gay marriage, tightening gun restrictions, raising the minimum wage, expanding public education funding and banning fracking.
The 60-year-old Cuomo recently mocked the celebrity status the Grammy, Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race.
“Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor,” Cuomo said earlier this month. “If it was just about name recognition, then I'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel don't get into the race.”
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for her Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy “Sex and the City,” her star power among upstate voters is less certain.
Jefrey Pollock, pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats, said that celebrity isn't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth.
“Over and over in our research, Democratic primary voters say they're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington, D.C., and see what the outsider has meant to this country,” Pollock said.
The first task for Nixon, Muzzio said, is to launch a listening and talking tour.
“She can't be the celebrity glamour girl,” he said. “She's got to get out there and get exposure upstate.”
Nixon won't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot. Former “Law and Order: SVU” actress Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district.
There is no repeal or replace of Obamacare thus far in 2017. There are those people who will blame Donald Trump for this situation, but they would be wrong. The president is not the Congress and they need to send him something to sign.
The Affordable Care Act continues to self-destruct. Without anything being done by Congress to stop the erosion, people in some U.S. cities will see the cost of Obamacare health plans climb as much as 50 percent next year.
Naturally government subsidies will offset much of the increases, according to an analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation. But the Republicans came to power promising to fix the disastrous healthcare law and it hasn't been done.
Meanwhile, Kaiser tracks premium increases in 21 U.S. cities, providing a snapshot of how the health law is faring around the country. The figures are not good for the American consumer, or for that matter, lawmakers up for re-election next year.
The cost of mid-level health plans will climb by double-digit percentage rates in 15 of those cities and decline in two, according to an analysis of preliminary rates published last Thursday. That does not include Obamacare's subsidies, which tend to hold down rate increases for people with low and moderate incomes.
But with so much confusion surrounding the law's status in 2017, insurers are seeking greater premium increases. There is grave uncertainty about how the Trump administration will run the Affordable Care Act's markets, Kaiser found.
The reality is the Republicans control the presidency and both houses of Congress for the first time since Obamacare passed. They have been saying for seven years they would repeal the law if they had the power to do so. That has not happened, even with the help of many Republicans.
A frustrated Trump has threatened to undermine the law, because Democrats are refusing to help. He said late in July, “As I said from the beginning, let Obamacare implode, then deal. Watch!” That could be a slow process considering the midterm elections are only 16 months away and the Republicans have the onus on them as a party.
Trump has two choices at this time, for acting alone. He can ask his agencies not to enforce the individual mandate created under Obamacare. He can also stop the funds for the subsidies that help insurers offset health-care costs for low-income Americans.
Neither is an ideal move. Both options would further disrupt the ACA's individual markets and lead to higher premiums. This is something no Republican running for office next year would be happy to see.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bedminster Pharmacy has turned its premises orange today in a bid to raise awareness of Meningitis on World Meningitis Day.
The independent pharmacy team is hoping to inform patients of the signs and symptoms of meningitis, while supporting charity Meningitis Now.
Bedminster Pharmacist Ade Williams says he is keen to raise awareness of the disease among the public and other pharmacists.
He said: “World Meningitis Day is a great day to begin raising awareness of the disease; meningitis can affect people of all ages, not just babies and children.
“Providing information about the signs and symptoms of the disease in a community pharmacy will help to save lives.
“Our initiative also supports the NHS England campaign encouraging families to visit and use their community pharmacy more.''
Pharmacy staff will be donning orange t-shirts, blowing up balloons and handing out Meningitis Now signs and symptoms cards, and information leaflets.
Tom Nutt, chief executive of Meningitis Now, added: “We are really pleased that Ade has taken the initiative to promote awareness of meningitis amongst the public and his pharmacy colleagues.”
“Raising awareness of the signs and symptoms of meningitis is vitally important, and this support on World Meningitis Day is a great opportunity to reach the South Bristol community with disease information.
“We would encourage and welcome other community pharmacies to work with us, because together we can make a big difference.”
The symptoms of meningitis
Even though every bitcoin transaction is recorded and open to inspection, no-one knows the person behind the address who made the trade. Photo: AFP
Recently, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) prohibited, with immediate effect, all regulated entities from providing services to anyone who deals with or settles any virtual currencies, citing concerns about the risks that these virtual currencies pose in the context of consumer protection, market integrity and money laundering. The true reason behind it is not entirely clear.
Over the past year, the price of bitcoin has spiked in speculative frenzy. People have rushed to purchase coins in the hope of offloading them at a higher price—and then been disappointed as the prices tumbled from their previous highs. I can see how the government might think that imposing a ban will protect gullible investors from losing their shirts. But by this logic the government should, just as actively, be considering a prohibition on trading in rare stamps, antiques and hard-to-find Pokémon.
So this cannot be why the government has taken this drastic step. From the text of the RBI notification it appears that there is a concern around the anonymity inherent in the platform and the attendant challenges this poses for law enforcement. As a matter of fact, while every transaction on the bitcoin blockchain is, by design, public, the transactions reference electronic addresses that do not contain any information about the person making it. This means that even though every bitcoin transaction is recorded and open to inspection, no-one knows the person behind the address who made the trade.
This is why, at least superficially, bitcoin serves as an effective way to cover your financial tracks—making it the ideal means of exchange for criminal activities like money laundering and trading in illicit goods—as well as for lesser transgressions like tax evasion. This veil of anonymity is also a useful shield behind which purveyors of fraudulent products— goods and services—can hide, providing them greater cover as they swindle unsuspecting marks of their money.
But if you dig a little deeper into how the technology operates online, it rapidly becomes evident that there was no real need to take this step. As a matter of fact, the much vaunted anonymity of the bitcoin blockchain is by no means perfect. It is a lot like writing books under a pseudonym. As long as your nomme de plume remains hidden, no one will think to link you with the books you have written. The moment the connection between you and even one of your books is revealed, the whole subterfuge comes crashing down.
On the internet, it is relatively easy to make such links. Given how freely information leaks during most internet transactions, it is relatively straightforward to link individuals with the bitcoin transactions they make. Web trackers constantly send all sorts of information to the other large platform companies, allowing them to track page usage, purchase amounts, browsing habits, and a variety of other types of information.
In certain circumstances these cookies also leak personally identifiable information like the email address and names of the users. Even where it doesn't, it is possible for malicious trackers to use JavaScript to extract bitcoin addresses from web pages that do not leak them by default. Law-enforcement agencies should, relatively easily, be able to collect and analyse this information to link a user to his bitcoin address.
Sophisticated users of bitcoin will try and mask their purchases by using services like CoinJoin that get multiple users who are each spending the same value of bitcoin to transact at the same time so that it becomes virtually impossible to identify which transaction corresponds to which user. While this does make it harder to track one-off transactions, as soon as someone begins to regularly use CoinJoin to mask his trail, they actually make their transactions easier to identify as the same bitcoin address pops up across multiple joined transactions— allowing them to be identified with close to 98% accuracy.
There will always be intelligent criminal elements who will be able to cover their tracks online despite the most aggressive investigative efforts. The vast majority will not. That being the case, it might be far better for us to improve our forensic skills to the point where we can use the veneer of anonymity that bitcoin purports to provide to ferret out the criminals behind the transactions, instead of than simply banning, outright, all use of bitcoin technology.
Prohibiting a service rarely ever serves to completely halt its use. The only people who abide by the terms of a ban are those who always intended to use the service for legitimate purposes. Everyone else simply takes their already nefarious activities deeper underground. If the government's objective was to prosecute those who use cryptocurrency for illegal activities, they'd have been far better off allowing these transactions to continue in the open where there is a chance that they may be detected using the forensic mechanisms outlined above. Now that the technology has been banned and we have driven all who use it underground, bitcoins will be purchased through cash or other untraceable commodities. It will continue to be used but we will have less of an ability to link the transaction to the person.
As other countries consider meaningful regulation designed to specifically address the challenges of a distributed ledger, India with this ham-fisted approach runs the risk of becoming an outlier.
Rahul Matthan is a partner at Trilegal. Ex Machina is a column on technology, law and everything in between. His Twitter handle is @matthan.
Comments are welcome at views@livemint.com
CE-Oh no he didn't!
May 30, 2018 2 min read
This story originally appeared on Engadget
Snapchat has had a rough time lately, as it faces criticism about its redesign, its slowing user growth and the fact that Facebook has copied its product several times over by adding Stories to almost all of its products. But CEO Evan Spiegel doesn't seem to be deterred by the Facebook's copycat moves. In one particular jab against the social network still plagued by the Cambridge Analytica scandal, Spiegel said "We would really appreciate it if they copied our data protection practices also."
Plus, Spiegel said that he felt flattered that Facebook found its products great enough to copy. "If you design something that is so simple and so elegant, that the only thing other people can do is copy it exactly ... that as a designer is really is the most fantastic thing in the world," he said.
"Snapchat is not just a bunch of features," said Spiegel, explaining that the company's product is more than just Stories. "It has an underlying philosophy that really runs counter to traditional social media." Instead, Spiegel says Snapchat is more of a communication platform among friends.
"[People] realize that competing with their friends for Likes and attention is kind of unpleasant and really not that great," he said, adding that Facebook's DNA is more about competitiveness than togetherness. "The DNA of their company is all about having people compete with each other online for attention."
"Our values are hard to copy," Spiegel added.
That said, it's clear that Snapchat is struggling under the might of Facebook. Instagram's Stories is hugely popular, with over 300 million users as of last November, and WhatsApp's Status has around 450 million users as of a month ago.
As an addendum, Facebook's Chief Security Officer Alex Stamos took to Twitter to respond to Spiegel's claims that its data protection practices were better than Facebook's. He said: "Snapchat's implicit promise that photos really disappear combined with poor API security has lead to serious mass leaks of revenge porn. So no, I don't think copying Snapchat would be a smart move."
In the national motorcycle road racing world, Jordan Szoke's name and winning record is always first on everyone's lips.
And Szoke, the 12-time Canadian Superbike champ from Lynden, started the 2018 CSBK season with a win at Shannonville in Pro Superbike over the weekend.
But there's another local rider who claimed his first podium win Sunday on the 1.53-mile Shannonville circuit in Round 1 of his division.
Riding his Kawasaki ZX-6R Ninja, David MacKay, who lives in Stoney Creek, took third in the Liqui Moly Pro Sport Bike class behind Tomas Casas of Peterborough and Mitch Card of Ripley.
"We had a great weekend," the 20-year old who started in the CSBK in 2017 said. "Last year was a learning curve getting experience on all the new tracks. But, this year, I feel more confident and came to the track with more knowledge."
With about 120 horsepower in the 368-pound Ninja, MacKay estimates top speeds of about 230 k/mh. David's father Glenn, who continues to race on a sportsman level, provides crew chief support for his son at the national events. The younger MacKay also acknowledged engine guru Scott Miller for his involvement.
The team is known as MacK AttacK Racing and is a private operation looking for funding when competing against factory-sponsored teams.
Next up for MacKay, who just finished his third year at McMaster University where he is studying commerce, is Grand Bend June 8-10. He added he is very familiar with that course as he has competed many times there with SOAR (Southern Ontario Associates of Racing) since he started riding at 11 years of age.
"Grand Bend is my home track. I'm looking for good things there."
For the first time in more than three years, Oklahoma State coach Mike Gundy will have a new starting quarterback.
Mason Rudolph started 41 games for the Cowboys and left with many of the most significant school records.
Taylor Cornelius appears ready to step in. The 6-foot-6, 232-pound senior has taken control of the position during the spring.
"He's doing really well," Gundy said. "He's been around here forever and his strength is his knowledge of our offence. He throws the ball around pretty well and he has nice size. The only thing we don't know is how well he'll handle playing in games."
Though Cornelius has only passed for 220 yards and rushed for 108 in his career, the transition has been seamless. He knows much of his work will go beyond throwing the ball.
"I am trying to be a bigger role model and a leader for this group because I am the older guy," he said. "So those have been big things for me this spring."
Keondre Wudtee and John Kolar are the other quarterbacks in the mix. But Cornelius has been solid through the spring, which culminates with the April 28 spring game.
REPLACING WASHINGTON
Washington was the Biletnikoff Award winner last season, and Marcell Ateman gained more than 1,100 yards receiving. Though both are gone, the Cowboys are still loaded at that spot, with Jalen McCleskey, Dillon Stoner and Tyron Johnson still around. McCleskey has 152 career receptions and 15 touchdowns. Stoner caught 44 passes as a freshman last season. Johnson, a junior, was a five-star prospect coming out of high school who finally will have the stage.
"We're pretty good," Johnson said. "We're going to fly under the radar. A lot of people will think we're not that good because we lost some big targets to the draft, but that's how it goes. We reloaded and we have a lot of talented receivers that have to get on the same page as the quarterbacks and learn the plays."
KING COUNTY, Wash. – A Department of Natural Resources worker searching for a long-rumored “gingerbread treehouse” in Washington state's Snoqualmie National Forest found the house – and inside of it a cache of child pornography that led to a man's arrest.
Daniel M. Wood, 56, is facing child pornography charges in King County Superior Court after an FBI investigation tied him to the treehouse and dug up more child pornography in his Mill Creek home, according to court documents.
According to the Seattle Times, a summons was issued for Wood to appear in court March 26, and he's been ordered not to have contact with any minors.
According to court documents:
The DNR employee said he'd heard about the treehouse for years, and tried to find it five different times. Finally, in November 2016, he found what he described as “an elaborate treehouse that resembled a fairy or gingerbread house” about 8 feet off the ground. It was built illegally on federal land in the Snoqualmie National Forest.
Screwed to the walls inside the treehouse were framed pictures of young naked girls. There was also an envelope with more pictures of naked and scantily clad underage girls who appeared to be as young as 8.
He reported it to the King County Sheriff's Office and set off an investigation that would eventually involve the FBI.
A search and rescue volunteer who knew the area well told investigators that he had come across the cabin several times and that he'd seen a Toyota FJ Cruiser parked nearby. He had the license plate number for the Toyota, and investigators tracked that to Wood's house.
Investigators gathered DNA evidence from a motorcycle parked outside Wood's house and from a cup they saw him drinking from, and matched that to DNA found inside the treehouse.
Investigators searched Wood's home and found an SD card that “contained thousands of images of child erotica and child pornography,” according to court documents.
Among the images on the card were photos of two young nude girls inside the treehouse, investigators said.
It's not clear if Wood or someone else built the cabin, which was constructed illegally, according to the court documents.
OTTAWA — Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould has asked for an independent review of an extradition that resulted in Ottawa professor Hassan Diab spending three years in a French jail, only to be suddenly released.
The external review — which has not started — is in addition to an internal "lessons learned" examination already underway, a spokesman for Wilson-Raybould said Wednesday.
French authorities suspected Diab, 64, was involved in the 1980 bombing of a Paris synagogue that killed four people and injured dozens of others, an accusation he has always denied.
The sociology professor and his supporters have been urging the federal government to hold a full public inquiry into the case and to reform the Extradition Act to ensure individual rights are respected.
In a letter Tuesday to Amnesty International Canada and the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association, Wilson-Raybould said Diab was afforded "all of the procedural safeguards" under the Extradition Act and that his charter rights were considered during Canadian court proceedings.
"Nonetheless, due to the three-year-period that Dr. Diab spent in custody in France, I have been reflecting carefully on this case," said her letter, made available to the The Canadian Press by the two rights organizations.
"As you know, Department of Justice Canada officials have undertaken a 'lessons learned' review of the Diab extradition proceedings. I have also asked for an independent external review of this matter."
Josh Paterson, executive director of the B.C. association, said Wednesday he is seeking answers from the minister about the independent review, including whether the findings will be made public.
"Who will be or has been appointed? What is the scope of the review? Will they have the power to require the department to co-operate with them?"
No other information was immediately available from Wilson-Raybould's office.
How The Quarterbacks From The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Compare The two starting quarterbacks in Sunday's Super Bowl couldn't be more different. The New England Patriots have Tom Brady a five-time champion and global icon. The Philadelphia Eagles have Nick Foles, who doesn't have such a long list of accomplishments.
How The Quarterbacks From The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Compare Sports How The Quarterbacks From The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Compare How The Quarterbacks From The New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles Compare Audio will be available later today. The two starting quarterbacks in Sunday's Super Bowl couldn't be more different. The New England Patriots have Tom Brady a five-time champion and global icon. The Philadelphia Eagles have Nick Foles, who doesn't have such a long list of accomplishments. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
TORONTO — Canada's main stock index dropped 3.9 per cent this week, plummeting more than 200 points today in a broad-based decline.
The S&P/TSX composite index fell 254.89 points to 15,606.03 today.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average shed 665.75 points to 25,520.96. The S&P 500 index lost 59.85 points to 2,762.13 and the Nasdaq composite index slipped 144.91 points to 7,240.95.
In currency markets, the Canadian dollar closed at an average trading value of 80.78 cents US, down 0.60 of a U.S. cent.
The March crude contract fell 35 cents to US$65.45 per barrel and the March natural gas contract slipped by a penny to roughly US$2.85 per mmBTU.
The April gold contract dropped US$10.60 to US$1,337.30 an ounce and the March copper contract lost about 2.2 cents to roughly US$3.19 a pound.
By The Canadian Press
OTTAWA — The federal government isn't properly managing the risks that farmed salmon pose to their wild counterparts, nor is it doing enough to ensure Canada is meeting its international commitments on biodiversity and sustainable development, Canada's environmental watchdog says.
In a series of new audits released Tuesday, environment commissioner Julie Gelfand takes a closer look at Canada's management of the $1-billion salmon farming industry, which she warns is lacking when it comes to assessing the risk that diseases among farmed fish pose to wild salmon.
The department has no requirement to monitor the health of wild salmon or the status of the ocean floor beneath penned salmon farms, said Gelfand, and the department is also providing better funding for research related to fish farms than it is for research to help monitor their impact.
"The department is at risk of being seen to promote aquaculture over the protection of wild salmon," Gelfand said after the reports were tabled in Parliament.
The research gaps are extensive enough that there's no way to determine the impact of fish farms on wild fish, she said. Those gaps include a lack of knowledge about the risk of disease, as well as the impact of the drugs used to treat those diseases. Canada also lacks an impact threshold to determine when to shut down or limit fish farming, she added.
Canada also lacks standards for the nets used to contain farmed salmon in the ocean — a particular problem in the Atlantic, where heavy storms often batter salmon farms and destroy nets.
In 2015, 40,000 salmon escaped from farms in Newfoundland and Labrador, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia. Better standards are in place in British Columbia, where fewer escapes have occurred, the report says.
Gelfand's spring reports also look at Canada's commitment to the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the UN Convention on Biological Diversity, both of which, she warns, could become the latest international environment agreements Canada signs but does little to actually implement.
She cited a lack of government leadership to address the targets in those agreements, saying there is no way to properly assess how effectively government policies can contribute to meeting those goals.
The agenda for sustainable development is an international agreement for countries to work towards sustainable environmental, economic and social development, including gender equality, eliminating poverty, climate action and industrial innovation.
Amazingly talented portrait artist Maher Minyanish talked with Ryan. Born in Iraq, Minyanish is now making Chicago his home. He used his talents to create a very personal drawing for Ryan and made something special for WCL.Instagram: @minyanish Facebook: @fb.me/charcoalart79 Personal Facebook: @fb.me/maher.k.anoya
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid star Toni Kroos has revealed who he thinks is the best English midfielder in recent times.
The 27-year-old, who scored at the weekend in Los Blancos' 5-0 win over Sevilla, was asked by a follower on Twitter who was the better out of Steven Gerrard, Frank Lampard and Paul Scholes.
Kroos is arguably the current best midfielder in the world himself, having been named in Fifa's Best Team of the Year earlier this year, and he didn't hesitate with his answer.
(Image: Manchester United)
"Being a top midfielder, who's the best out of Gerrard, Lampard and Scholes?" Jurgen asked.
Kroos simply responded with: "Paul Scholes."
(Image: fotopress/Getty Images Europe)
The German was heavily linked with a move to Manchester United prior to his Real Madrid transfer.
However, Louis van Gaal pulled the plug on Kroos and the midfielder decided to move to the Santiago Bernabeu instead.
On Pakistan's 70th Independence Day, PM Shahid Khaqan Abbasi said the country ‘desires positive and constructive' relations with all countries. Photo: Reuters
Islamabad: Pakistan's new Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi on Monday blamed India for the impasse in bilateral ties, saying New Delhi's “expansionist designs” was the “main hurdle” in constructive relations between the two neighbour.
Addressing the nation on its 70th Independence Day, Abbasi said Pakistan “desires positive and constructive” relations with all countries based on sovereign equality.
“Our government has invariably made efforts to initiate the process of meaningful dialogue and adoption of peaceful means to resolve the issues, but unfortunately the expansionist designs of India have remained the main hurdle in this regard,” he said, as Chinese vice premier Wang Yang attended the celebrations as a “special guest” of the country.
Yang arrived in Pakistan on Sunday, for the event. He said that China and Pakistan have “always stood by each other in difficult times and their friendship will stand the test of time and grow with coming generations.”
Abbasi called on the international community to “play its role” in resolving regional conflicts, “particularly the Kashmir dispute” between India and Pakistan in conformity with the UN resolutions to ensure durable peace in the region.
Abbasi, 58, was sworn-in as Pakistan's 18th prime minister on 1 August after the Supreme Court disqualified the incumbent Nawaz Sharif for dishonesty following the Panama papers scandal.
“The people of South Asia have suffered enormously in the last fifty years, due to the festering conflicts. Until and unless those conflicts are resolved amicably the people of the region cannot achieve prosperity and progress,” he said.
President Mamnoon Hussain, in his address, called for unity among the people for a developed Pakistan. He said it is time to forget “personal grievances” and stand by the Constitution, apparently referring to Sharif's ouster as prime minister and his charge that his removal was “pre-planned”.
The day began with a 31-gun salute in the federal capital Islamabad, along with a 21-gun salute in provincial capitals to mark the official Independence Day celebrations. Major public and private buildings, roads and avenues have been decorated with national flags, portraits of the national leaders, banners and buntings to give a festive look.
Pakistan Army chief Gen Qamar Javed Bajwa hoisted a huge national flag at the Attari-Wagah border with India soon after midnight last night, kicking off the day-long celebration. The flag flew at 400 feet, the highest in South Asia. The 120x80 feet flag is also the largest in the history of the country, Pakistani media reported. PTI
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The latest episode of Gassing out Loud has arrived as Michelle Owen and Jack Vittles look back at Deadline Day and the January transfer window as a whole for Bristol Rovers.
The pair chat about what happened to the Billy Bodin money and how it will be reinvested into the club after a relatively quiet window for the Gas with three signings coming into strengthen Darrell Clarke's side.
Rovers reporter Jack discusses the arrivals of Tony Craig from Millwall and Kyle Bennett from Portsmouth with the Gas doing their final transfer business after the window had shut.
Jack has the latest inside track on how the deals went down while he also reveals some of the missed targets for Darrell Clarke's side.
They are look ahead to the Shrewsbury Town clash as Rovers look to make it seven matches without a defeated against the surprise League One promotion contenders
You can listen to the podcast in full below.
You can also subscribe to Gassing Out Loud via itunes here or simply type 'Gassing Out Loud' into wherever you get your podcasts.
All racing cars including stock, rally or Formula 1 cars are specially built to push the limits of achievable speed. F1 cars can accelerate to 90 km/h in less than two seconds and touch top speeds of over 320 km/h. Stock cars also typically achieve over 300 km/h. So what makes these cars go so fast? A powerful engine is combined with several other components that are relentlessly optimized to contribute to the vehicle's speed. All these components can be grouped under four crucial elements:
Aerodynamics
The fastest cars are the most aerodynamic. A sleek, streamlined design is a head-turner, but its primary function is to limit wind resistance against the vehicle. If a car is built to cut through the wind rather than push against it, it will travel faster and also use less fuel in the process. To further improve the aerodynamic quality of the car, everything from the wheel arcs and lights to the door handles and side mirrors are integrated into the overall structure to reduce the drag - the friction and resistance of the wind. For some varieties of race cars, automobile designers also reduce the shape and size of the car rear by designing the back of the car so that it tapers. This design innovation is called a lift-back or Kammback. Since aerodynamics is crucial to the speed of cars, many sports cars are even tested in wind tunnels
Power
All race car engines are designed to provide more horsepower to the car and propel it further, faster. The engines are designed with carburetors to allow more air and fuel to flow into them. Many sports and racing cars also have a dual-shift gear system that allows drivers to change gears faster. The shift time—or the brief time interval between gear changes when power delivery is momentarily interrupted—can be as little as 8 milliseconds with this gear system. Faster gear shifts enable the car to travel at their fastest possible speeds in shorter times.
Control
The ability to turn corners at higher speeds is crucial while racing and racing cars are often designed so that their floors are flat to maximize the downforce. Downforce is a downwards thrust that is created in a vehicle when it is in motion. This force exerts more pressure on the tyres increasing their grip on the road, and thereby enabling the car to travel faster through corners. The downforce can be so strong that at around 175 km/h, even if the road surface were turned upside down, the car would stick to the surface. Many racing cars like the Volkswagen Polo R WRC are even equipped with a large rear wing that helps generate extra downforce.
Weight
The total weight of the car and its distribution is a critical part of race car design. All race cars are made of durable but extremely light material that reduces the weight of the vehicle. Every part of the vehicle is evaluated and components that are not strictly required in the race car—such as trunks or back seats—are eliminated. The weight distribution in these cars is carefully calibrated since at high speeds it proves crucial to car control. As a result, almost all racing cars have an RMR configuration or a Rear Mid-engine, Rear-wheel-drive layout where the engine is situated at around the middle of the car (but closer to the rear than the front), just behind the passenger compartment. This layout where the car is a little heavier towards the rear than the front allows for better control of the car at high speeds.
Only the most cutting edge technology is used to develop modern race cars and as a result, they are normally far more expensive to buy and more difficult to maintain than regular ones. But your dream of owning a race car does not need to remain a dream. The Volkswagen GTI, part of the award-winning VW GTI family, is now coming to India. Since 1979, these sporty and powerful cars have been dominating roads and rally race tracks.
With a sleek aerodynamic build, a great power-to-weight ratio and 7-speed dual-shift gears, the Volkswagen GTI is the most accessible race car experience available in India. Packed with 189 bhp/ 192 PS, the car is capable of doing 0-100 km/h in just 7.2 seconds and boasts a top speed of 233 km/h. And though the car is built to be quick and powerful, it is also strong on fuel economy with an outstanding mileage of 16.34 km/l. To experience what it is like to drive a race car, book a test drive now.
This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of Volkswagen and not by the Scroll editorial team.
Adam Chicksen has backed Charlton manager Karl Robinson's view that the South Londoners have to be more ruthless.
The Addicks succumbed to a 1-0 defeat at Oldham on Tuesday night and missed a handful of chances as their winless run in League One stretched to three games.
It leaves Charlton nine points shy of the play-off places.
“We all knew what we had to do,” explained the versatile left-footer.
“If you take that chance then it does change the momentum in the game. Saying that, we need to be ruthless at both ends of the pitch; attacking and defending. We want to come to places like this and turn them over 3-0 or 4-0 – but we didn't do that and all the lads in the changing room know that we needed to do better.
“We do need to be more cute as a team. It's what we do in the final third but also what we do in our defensive third. There was one great finish from them but we as defenders need to stop that and take our chances.”
Chicksen, signed on a free transfer after being released by Brighton in the summer, insisted that there is plenty of the spirit required to progress within the dressing room.
“We have got hungry players in that changing room – you can see it in everyone's eye,” he added.
“There's not one player in the dressing room that doesn't want to go higher and play higher. The hunger is there. We have to show that in everything that we do every day. It starts again now, recovery-wise. Good teams turn things around. We can't just let the end of this season slip and slide away from us.
“I'm enjoying wherever I play for the team. I want to win – that is when you are most happy. For me, I'm going to keep my head down, keep working hard and work hard to try and stay in the team.”
The Addicks have just begun an intensive spell, with two matches a week the norm for the next month. Chicksen said that this can be an advantage.
“That's the good thing about having games so close together – if you have a loss then you can try and put it right three days later. We have to go again and stick together as a whole team, as a staff and as a club. If we stick together then it will always turn back around in our favour.”
< >
North Branch's Night to Unite celebration was held in the city's
Central Park Aug. 1. The event, which was just one of many
nationwide, is a way to get neighbors meeting one another to
encourage and strengthen relationships. Night to Unite is sponsored by the Minnesota Crime Prevention Association,
AA of Minnesota/Iowa and local law enforcement communities. Photos by Amy Doeun
Trump's Presidency Takes Toll On His Daughter's Brand
Trump-branded products may continue to see lower sales as growing consumer boycotts prompt U.S. retailers to back away from the items. The Wall Street Journal reports sales of Ivanka Trump's fashion line tumbled at Nordstrom, according to internal documents. Now Nordstrom has dropped the products. Ethics experts worry that plunging U.S. retail sales may feed Trump's need to expand overseas, creating new conflicts of interest.
Trump, Macron To Hold Joint Press Conference During State Visit
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
President Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron will field questions from reporters on Tuesday, in between talks on the Iran nuclear deal and a lavish state dinner.
Macron is the first of two European leaders Trump is hosting this week. German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be in Washington, D.C., on Friday. Both France and Germany joined the U.S. in a six-nation pact with Iran to halt its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Trump has threatened to pull the U.S. out of that deal. Macron and Merkel want him to stay in.
Trump's former advisers struggled to make the case for the nuclear deal, and the newest members of Trump's national security team are as skeptical of the agreement as he is. Nevertheless, Macron will argue the nuclear agreement is worth preserving.
"He's certainly expected — not only in France but in other countries of Europe — to try and convince President Trump over Iran," France's former ambassador to the U.S. Francois Bujon de l'Estang told NPR's Morning Edition on Monday.
Macron has skillfully courted Trump, inviting the U.S. president to be his guest last year at an elaborate military parade marking Bastille Day in Paris. Trump was so impressed, he ordered his own military parade this November, marking the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I.
The two presidents and their wives celebrated the wartime alliance between the U.S. and France on Monday by planting an oak tree on the South Lawn of the White House. The sapling comes from Belleau Wood, where more than 9,000 Marines died in the final months of the first world war, according to a White House statement.
Later, the two couples took a sightseeing helicopter tour of Washington, then held a private dinner at George Washington's historic Mt. Vernon estate.
Despite their evident personal chemistry, Trump and Macron have significant policy differences to discuss. In addition to the Iran nuclear deal, Macron wants a permanent exemption from the president's new steel and aluminum tariffs. And he'd like to see a more lasting commitment from the U.S. to stabilization efforts in Syria. Military forces from France and the U.K. joined the U.S. in launching air strikes on Syria earlier this month in retaliation for a suspected chemical weapons attack. But Trump is impatient to withdraw U.S. troops from that country as quickly as possible.
"What you do have are two leaders who have a great deal of respect for one another, who have a great friendship," said White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. She added that friendship allows the two men to have "very open and candid conversations."
Sanders said she expects "a very productive and very positive state visit for both countries."
The visit will be marked by the first state dinner of the Trump administration. The White House has been decorated for the event with cherry blossoms, sweet peas and white lilacs. The menu is American with French influences: spring lamb and jambalaya.
On Wednesday, Macron is set to address a joint session of Congress.
At the age of 24, Keke Palmer has already appeared in nearly 20 movies and a dozen more TV shows, starred as the first African-American Cinderella on Broadway, written an inspirational guidebook, launched her own web comedy series, and produced a film (Pimp, in which she costars with rapper DMX) that's currently under review for Tribeca Film Festival. In other words, she's a bonafide boss.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But though she's made power moves in film and television, Palmer feels she hasn't done the same in music. "In music, a lot of times, I feel like I kind of took that back seat, and definitely was in the system when it comes to terms of labels," she says in our interview. After working with a number of recording companies, the star now works independently. "So now, I'm not allowing them to dictate how I want to be and who I want to be."
Palmer released her first studio album, So Uncool, in 2007, a year before starring in her own Nickelodeon show, True Jackson, VP. She's released mixtapes and EPs since then, but her formal sophomore album officially arrives in 2018, 11 years after her debut.
The upcoming project is all about her taking the reins (her recent single, "Bossy," is a dead giveaway). "I'm really excited to not just be empowering myself, but hopefully to be empowering other artists," she says. "I want to be in that position where I can help to build their confidence and nurture their gifts and allow them to feel like they're in charge of their musical careers, while at the same time, reaping the benefits of the resources that they maybe wouldn't be able to get on their own."
That's what makes Keke's definition of "boss" so unique—she uses her influence to both pursue her aspirations and give back to others, whether it's through inspiring hopeful creatives or aiding disadvantaged girls through the Saving Our Daughters charity.
Here, Palmer opens up to BAZAAR.com about her new music, her role models, and how she keeps it real for her fans.
Her new single, “Bossy,” which was first featured in an episode of Star, lives up to its name.
“The name speaks for the record. It's all about me being a boss and definitely in this time in my career and specifically music, I'm definitely taking that boss position. I'm independent, I'm not with the label anymore. So I'm really just the main one with my team, figuring out how I wanted to present myself in the music industry this time around. I'm getting ready for my second album. I did my first album when I was 13. So there are just a lot of things that are going off and ‘Bossy' definitely kicks off what everything is about to be about coming 2018 for me.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The message is timely, as women speak out for more respect and equal pay in entertainment.
"I'm not one of those people where it's like, I feel bad for myself. I think even though things have been hard for women, at the same time, I'm happy to be a woman and I feel like we have the opportunity always to kick down doors because that's what we've always done, so I don't feel victimized in that sense. I feel encouraged and empowered. And I feel like that's the opportunity for me to make more history as a woman."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
She has advice for women struggling to channel their inner boss.
"Don't be afraid to write your own blueprint. Sometimes it gets scary for me because there is nobody that's necessarily doing what I want to do because it's my story. There are people that I can look at and get inspiration from, but at the end of the day, there's nobody that's going to have a one-two step for what it is I want to do because it's me that's creating it.
"So don't look at that and get discouraged. Look at that and get inspired and realizing that you could really do it any way you want to, just the best way that you can think of getting it done. And be excited about the fact that you have the opportunity to create history. Don't get discouraged at the fact that no one has done it before. Don't get discouraged at the fact that women were told they couldn't do it. Get excited about the fact that you can be the first woman that does do it. The first black girl, Asian girl, Mexican girl, whatever it is—any other things that you feel tie you down or make you feel less than, use them to actually make you feel like you can be more of that 'first.' Make the historical moment come true."
Palmer is inspired by Queen Latifah's multi-hyphenate career.
“I would say Queen Latifah's definitely been somebody that's like that in my career. Everything I'm speaking of from her, not just being a rapper, actress, and singer, but also discovering groups like Outkast, being a manager, having a production team, and encouraging people like myself. I've done over two projects with Queen Latifah and just did the last one, Scream, with her for MTV. So her reach is out of this world and that inspires me because she's in every zone of the industry that you could imagine anyone would want to be in.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Keke Palmer and Queen Latifah and the 2016 VH1 Hip Hop Honors Getty Images
The rapper-turned-mogul also taught Palmer to give back to the community.
"Queen Latifah's the type of person that's called me on the phone and said, 'I've got a whole library in my house. If you ever want to come over and just read some books, you're welcome.' She wants to offer me knowledge. Money can't buy that, someone wanting to give you time and wanting to pour into you that stuff. I feel like that's what builds careers. It's important to give back and to offer other people that ability to create that community."
And Oprah Winfrey's success makes her feel like she can accomplish anything as a black woman.
“I just saw the other day that Oprah had frozen foods. She's a corporation. To really see somebody go from being a journalist to being a talk show host, to being an actress, producing films, directing, having your own network, and then having producing her own food products? That just makes me feel like I can be that, I can do that. Especially as a black girl in America. Having ownership over things is something that I'm really becoming more knowledgeable about.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“If you're growing up in inner city communities or poverty, sometimes you're not being told that ownership is important. Sometimes you're being told just being a part of something and just working for someone is good enough. Or just trying to climb someone else's ladder is good enough, when you realize that you can actually have the opportunity to create something of your own and make that what you want it to be. It's empowering, you know, it makes me feel like a boss."
"Sometimes you're told just being a part of something is good enough."
Palmer's album, which follows her 2016 EP Lauren, is “pretty much finished” and slated to release this year.
"With 'Lauren,' it was very much about stripping back and allowing people the opportunity to really see who I am as a person. Tonally, R&B was, of course, always something that I love. I'm from Chicago. Jazz or R Kelly, this kind of influences are what I grew up on. So for me, that's always going to be what you can expect sonically, but what you can expect theme-wise is much of what you're going to be getting from 'Bossy.'
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"At the end of the day, it's all about me standing in that power position and owning myself"
“Now, of course you're going to have different subject matter like love, business and independence. But at the end of the day, it's all about me standing in that power position and owning myself, whether it is I'm sad or whether it is I'm happy, having the ownership and the confidence to accept that place that I'm in, and just being a woman about it. Not being a man about it, but being a woman about it, and then also having fun with it. You know, I'm a very fun person. I'm the type of person who can talk about anything crazy and dramatic, but I'll still make it fun and make it light. Because I feel like that's really what life is about, so you're gonna always get that balance.”
Expect a lot of upbeat jams from the project.
“Even if it's a slow song it's going to be something you can bop to. I really want to be able to have an album where people can ride and girls can really just vibe with it and really have fun and just be in the car like, 'Yes girl!' So it's still gonna be something fun, even if I am talking about something deep. You're going to get more up-tempos than you're going to get slow records."
Palmer isn't afraid to show both her glam side (“I'm always about giving looks.”) and unfiltered side on social media to let her fans know they're just like her.
"I definitely love to show my audience who I am because I'm the type of person that feels like I'm doing you a disservice if I don't give you a peek behind the curtain. Of course, the entertainment business is about entertaining. That means glamour. That means fashion. That means looks. That means photos. That means all the perfection you can get, right? But at the same time, Keke Palmer is a little bit different. I want you to know that what I'm doing is something that's possible for you to do, because aside from me being the talent, I'm also the empire. I'm the woman that wants to allow you the opportunity to know that you can do that too. And so when I do show my fans, me without makeup, all that type of stuff, it's to empower them and let them known to remind them, I'm just like you. I'm not doing this to put myself on a pedestal higher than you.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Starting out as a child actor taught Palmer about balancing fame with her private life.
"I went through so many phases. I think when I first entered the industry, I had no idea what fame was. It was just about acting and doing whatever type of performing I could do. I didn't really know all the side effects—because fame is honestly a side effect in my opinion—that came with that kind of career. There reached a point where [I went] from just doing this, to experiencing the fame and understanding what being a celebrity played in my career and how to use it to my benefit without allowing it to crush me. I'm in front of the spotlight in front of the camera and that's needed for certain moments in my life, but also I want to have privacy too. I want be able to have that balance. What it means to have my career be my lifestyle and what it means to have a lifestyle separate from my career."
Palmer in 2007, accepting the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Motion Picture for Akeelah and the Bee. Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
She has no regrets about her early start.
"I'm a strong believer of everything happens when it's meant to, meaning you arrive at whatever belief you are at, at the time that you arrived at it. So I don't say that I regret. I just think that I'm happy to know what I know now and I'm happy to have gone through what I've gone through because if I didn't ever go through into that stuff, then I probably wouldn't know what I know now. I feel the way that I feel now. It's all a learning experience and I have a very interesting career. It's brought me a lot of happiness and joy just as much as it's brought me confusion and turmoil."
China, isolated North Korea's main trading partner, has been reluctant to push leader Kim Jong-un's regime too hard for fear it might collapse. Photo: KCNA/via Reuters
Beijing: China announced on Monday that it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and other goods in three weeks under UN sanctions imposed over the North's nuclear and missile programmes.
China, the isolated North's main trading partner, has been reluctant to push leader Kim Jong-un's regime too hard for fear it might collapse. But Beijing is increasingly frustrated with Pyongyang and supported a UN Security Council ban on 5 August on coal and other key goods.
The Chinese customs agency said it will stop processing imports of North Korean coal, iron and lead ores and fish at midnight on 5 September.
“After that, entry of these goods will be prohibited,” said an agency statement.
The announcement follows an escalating exchange of angry words between Trump and Kim's government. Trump declared the US military “locked and loaded” while Pyongyang threatened to fire four missiles into waters near the US territory of Guam.
The latest UN sanctions are intended to block North Korean exports worth $1 billion—a significant share of total exports valued at $3 billion last year.
China stopped importing North Korean coal in February but total trade has risen, which prompted US President Donald Trump to accuse Beijing in July of failing to use its economic leverage to stop Pyongyang's pursuit of nuclear weapons.
Beijing had long been Pyongyang's only diplomatic defender but agreed in March 2016 to sanctions against the North following its test of a long-range missile.
Still, Chinese leaders oppose blocking all trade with impoverished North Korea, which they argue might cause widespread hunger.
The Chinese import cut will come during the week of Foundation Day on 9 September, the North Korean holiday commemorating the founding of the country's government in 1948.
North Korean imports of Chinese oil, consumer goods and other products rose 36.7% from a year earlier in the first half of this year to 1.1 billion yuan ($165 million), according to Chinese customs data. Chinese imports from North Korea fell 7.6% in the same period to 611 million yuan ($91 million), squeezing the North's revenue.
What Happens Now That The Controversial GOP Memo Has Been Released President Trump said the contents of the GOP intelligence memo were "disgraceful." Trump moved to let Congress make the memo public despite objections from the FBI and the Justice Department.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Little Ellis lights up the room with an incredible smile - just hours after life-changing heart surgery.
It's a remarkable turnaround for mum Stephanie who said nothing could have prepared her for the difficulties of the past few months.
She knew she was expecting a little boy to add to her family of three, and all her baby scans and post-natal checks were normal.
However, little Ellis arrived six weeks early, and there were signs that he was beginning to struggle after a few days.
X-rays found fluid on Ellis' lungs and an Echo revealed a large ventricular septal defect (VSD) in the wall separating the two lower chambers of his heart.
A specialist cardiac consultant explained to Ellis' parents that he would need to undergo surgery.
(Image: www.bhf.org.uk)
Speaking about Ellis' diagnosis, Stephanie said: “Having kids is amazing, life changing, and rarely what you're prepared for, but nothing could prepare us for these last few months.”
Having been born premature, Ellis was too small for the operation, so he went home and returned to hospital three months later for his life changing surgery.
He spent six days in Southampton General Hospital and has since made a good recovery following the operation.
He still needs regular check-ups, but is now enjoying life as he should be.
Proud mum, Stephanie, said: “He is a happy healthy heart warrior and we will be eternally thankful to everyone at the BHF for their research, and to the hospital team for their outstanding care - thank you for making our baby boy's heart whole."
Each year, around 4,000 children in the UK are diagnosed with congenital heart disease.
Sadly 400 of these children will die before reaching school age.
The BHF currently funds over £28million of research into congenital heart disease and its causes which could help children like Ellis have a brighter future. www.bhf.org.uk
ALBERTVILLE, France — Richard Gasquet levelled the score for defending champion France by defeating Robin Haase of the Netherlands 6-4, 7-6 (3), 3-6, 7-5 in the first round of the Davis Cup World Group on Friday.
Earlier, Adrian Mannarino was upset by a player more than 300 places below him in the rankings. Thiemo de Bakker, ranked 369th, beat Mannarino 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3.
"It's also tough to play when you're 1-0 down. It was a fast surface and he serves well," Gasquet said. "He was playing better than me in the fourth set and I had to hold on."
Gasquet had beaten Haase in six of their previous seven matches. He broke the 42nd-ranked Dutchman in the ninth game for 5-4 and clinched the first set on serve.
Haase started to find his range in the third set, and the fourth was evenly poised until Gasquet got a crucial break in the 11th game for 6-5.
Haase had two chances to break Gasquet's serve at 40-15 in the following game, but the Frenchman saved them both and eventually sealed the victory with his 15th ace of the match.
"We were expecting a difficult contest," France captain Yannick Noah said. "Richard was solid (but) it could have gone either way."
Mannarino was a late replacement for Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, who withdrew with a knee injury shortly before the draw on Thursday.
Lucas Pouille was due to play the opening rubber but he pulled out on Friday morning with a neck problem.
Mannarino had a 4-2 lead in the tiebreaker but De Bakker took the next five points and the opening set.
Indian foreign minister Sushma Swaraj shakes hand with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi before their delegation level meeting in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: AP
Beijing: Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi has said India and China's strategic interests outweigh “partial frictions” and handling of the Dokalam standoff through diplomatic means reflects the importance of bilateral ties.
Ahead of his visit to India to attend the Russia-India- China (RIC) foreign ministers' meeting to be held in New Delhi on Monday during which he would also hold talks with top Indian officials, Wang said China always values good neighbourliness and friendship between the two countries as “we are each other's big neighbours and ancient civilisations”. He said India-China strategic interests outweigh differences and “partial friction”. “We have handled the issue of cross-border incursions by the Indian border troops into China's Donglang (Dokalam) area through diplomatic measures,” Wang told a symposium last week, maintaining Beijing's stand.
“Through diplomatic means, the Indian side withdrew its equipment and personnel which reflected the value and importance of China-India relations and demonstrated sincerity and responsibility of maintaining regional peace and stability,” he said in his speech in Chinese posted on the website of the foreign ministry.
“China and India have far greater shared strategic interests than differences, and far greater needs for cooperation than partial friction,” he said.
As long as China and India continue to engage in in-depth strategic communication and promptly dispel strategic misgivings, the strategic value of bilateral cooperation will be presented more clearly to the people, there will be a “prospect of the dragon and the elephant dancing together with 1 + 1 = 11 outlooks,” Wang said.
The references to India by Wang were part of a lengthy speech about China's diplomatic achievements in 2017 and its relations this year with various countries including the US, Russia, Japan and countries in the disputed South China Sea region.
Wang's visit to New Delhi is the first by a top Chinese official to India after the 73-day Dokalam standoff and after the commencement of the second five-year term of President Xi Jinping. The over two-month Dokalam standoff ended on 28 August after Chinese troops stopped building a key road close to India's ‘Chicken Neck' corridor. India had objected to the construction highlighting its security concerns. The road was being built by China in an area also claimed by Bhutan.
Wang's visit to Delhi is expected to be followed by top Chinese diplomat Yang Jiechi's trip later this month to attend the 20th round of China-India boundary talks. Yang along National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval are the designated special representatives for the border talks later this month. Both officials are also mandated to discuss the state of entire gamut of bilateral ties. In his address, at the symposium themed on international developments and China's diplomacy in 2017, Wang spoke about China's foreign policy outlook enunciated by the once-in- five-years Congress of the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) held in October.
The 19th CPC National Congress had charted the course for China's external relations. Wang said China needs to create a more favourable external environment and stronger external impetus to create a moderately prosperous society in all respects. “For China's diplomacy in the new era, we will take a longer and broader perspective and be even more open-minded and resourceful,” he said. He reiterated that “war is by no means acceptable” in dealing with the nuclear issue related to North Korea, stressing that the possibility of negotiations remains.
On ties with the US, he said “China is willing, on the basis of mutual respect, to live peacefully with the American superpower. The US needs to understand and accept a China that is following its own path of socialism with Chinese characteristics, one suited to its own conditions,” official media quoted him as saying. He said the China-Russia relationship has become a major cornerstone for world peace and stability, fairness and justice, and win-win cooperation.
On the China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) he said it has become “the most popular international public goods programme”. Chinese businesses have invested over $50 billion and created nearly 200,000 local jobs in countries that are participating, he said. India has objected to the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) as it traverses through Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK).
CPEC is a part of the BRI. On Wang's visit to Delhi, Chinese think tanks said RIC foreign ministers' meeting offers Beijing and New Delhi an opportunity for face-to-face communication, which will effectively help both sides step out of the shadow of the Dokalam standoff. “Admittedly, the past months have witnessed a downbeat narrative between the neighbours rather than a positive one, but with the meeting, China and India will send a message to the world that they will return to a stable and peaceful track,” said
Qian Feng, an analyst at the Chinese Association for South Asian Studies told state-run Global Times. China and India have disagreements on counter-terrorism especially when it involves Pakistan, and China is unlikely to give up its stance on this issue during this meeting, Wang Dehua, head of the Institute for South and Central Asian Studies, told the daily.
China has opposed India's moves to get Jaish-e-Muhammad leader Masood Azhar listed as a terrorist by the UN. Wang Dehua also said persistent and honest talks between the two sides may help sort out differences on BRI. China also continues to oppose India's bid to enter the NSG primarily on the grounds that New Delhi is not a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). PTI
Technology is bridging the gap between new parents and their premature babies.
Premature infants often spend extra time at the hospital. At the Bronson Methodist Hospiptal's Neonative Intensive Care Unit in Kalamazoo, that extended stay can last more than 300 days.
Now, parents can watch their children day and night - even when they can't be together.
The hospital has become the first in the state to install web cameras called NicView above the bassinets in the NICU. The little cameras allow parents and their families to view a livestream of their child from anywhere around the world.
One mother called it a huge relief.
""It is no substitute for being able to be here physically but at the same time it's been really nice to be able to peek in on her," Kayla Hurse said.
The camera system was made possible through donations from community members and businesses to the Bronson Health Foundation.
Each camera unit costs about $3,000 to install and the cameras are turned off when a baby is being tended to or undergoing treatment.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation) / CBS News. All rights reserved.
NEW ORLEANS — The New Orleans Pelicans say they've voided around 2,500 playoff tickets that were purchased improperly during a pre-sale event for the second round of the NBA playoffs.
The club says the event was designed exclusively for season-tickets holders, but that codes provided for online purchases were shared with people who were not eligible for the promotion.
The Pelicans say they have not previously had a problem with the improper sharing of promotional codes for ticket sales, but that an "unprecedented demand for playoff tickets resulted in tickets being purchased by non-season ticket or partial season ticket holders."
The club says it conducted a review of the presale and voided all purchases from unqualified buyers.
When Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif walked into a roomful of reporters in New York on Saturday, he remarked on how his U.S. visit was going.
"Good," he said. "Not as good as the guy who spent $250 million on the trip."
It was a reference to Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who just this month wrapped up a three-week tour of the United States. The Saudi prince traveled from Boston to Silicon Valley in California, and although a final price tag is not known, the trip was reported to be lavish and included meetings to encourage millionaires and billionaires to invest in his kingdom.
Iranian diplomats, by contrast, are preparing for the possibility that the United States might restrict trade even more with Tehran, by withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal and reimposing sanctions. If the U.S. decides to pull out, Zarif says, Iran most likely will, too.
Officially, Zarif was in New York for meetings at the United Nations, but the standoff with the United States is an overriding concern.
In an NPR interview with Zarif on Monday evening, it was apparent how the rivalry with Saudi Arabia is a factor in many Iranian decisions — including the uncertain future of its nuclear agreement with the United States and other world powers.
Rival powers
Iran is the most populous nation in the Persian Gulf region and Saudi Arabia is the richest. Before Iran's 1979 revolution, both were considered vital allies of the United States. Afterward, Iran turned against the United States. The Saudi-U.S. relationship, while deeply complex, remained close.
"I think Saudi Arabia has been obsessed with Iran for the past 40 years," Zarif said in our conversation. "They have tried to exclude us from this region."
If that was the Saudi goal, it has failed. Iran is deeply influential in Lebanon, Syria and Iraq, and it is believed to be linked with rebels who hold the capital of Yemen.
Zarif denied his country is equally obsessed with the Saudis, but his comments and those of many Iranians suggest otherwise. People in each country have a tendency to run down the poor human rights record and lack of freedom in the other.
"We believe that Saudi Arabia is an important player in the region [which] needs to be more responsible in its approach. But it is an important player in the region that cannot be excluded," he said. "I believe if Saudi Arabia came to the same recognition, we would be much better off."
An ugly war in Yemen
Iranians and Saudis are on opposite sides in several conflicts, most directly in Saudi Arabia's southern neighbor, Yemen. After rebels known as Houthis seized Yemen's capital in 2014, a Saudi-led military coalition directly intervened. Saudi airstrikes are blamed for many deaths; the war has led to economic collapse and widespread disease.
"Saudi Arabia can decide today and stop this bloodshed," Iran's Zarif said.
But the Saudis say they intervened against the Houthi rebels because Iran supported the Houthis. Saudi and U.S. officials insist the missiles that the Houthis occasionally lob into Saudi territory were made in Iran.
Foreign Minister Zarif denies allegations that Iran has supplied the missiles — yet he adds that old Iranian missiles could have fallen into Houthi hands.
He also speaks up for their right to a share of power in Yemen.
"I've talked to them and they're ready for peace negotiations," he said. "But what we need to do in Yemen is to have an inclusive government in Yemen. That includes everybody, including the Houthis. And we are prepared to use whatever influence. We — nobody controls anybody in Yemen, but we have some influence and we are prepared to use that influence."
A nuclear confrontation
Ultimately, the specter of Saudi Arabia hangs over the decisions Iran may face over the nuclear deal. The agreement says Iran must curtail its nuclear energy program, which world powers say could lead to nuclear weapons development, in exchange for billions of dollars in sanctions relief.
President Trump is eager to demand changes to the agreement if the U.S. is to remain in the deal at all. A May 12 deadline is approaching by which the President must either extend Iran's sanctions relief, or else allow the accord to begin falling apart.
Zarif is not interested in renegotiation. "Opening this package would be tantamount to opening a Pandora's box, and we'll never be able to close it," he said. Iran has rejected limits on Iranian ballistic missiles. Zarif sees no point in extending the deal or adding more safeguards.
Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia continues to make major military trade deals with the United States.
Iranians have been reluctant to accept any arms limitation that does not also apply to the Saudis. The Saudis, not surprisingly, have been similarly reluctant — and should Iran ever seek a nuclear weapon, the Crown Prince Mohammed said last month, then his country would too.
President Donald Trump speaks before signing a National Manufacturing Day Proclamation in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. Carolyn Kaster AP Photo
PITTSBURGH — Phil Kessel scored twice and picked up assist, Evgeni Malkin added two goals and two assists, and the surging Pittsburgh Penguins rolled past the Washington Capitals 7-4 on Friday night.
Bryan Rust, Carl Hagelin and Patric Hornqvist also scored for the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, who won their fourth straight to pull within four points of first-place Washington in the crowded Metropolitan Division. Sidney Crosby had two assists to push his scoring streak to 11 games, the longest active streak in the NHL.
Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for Pittsburgh, which won its seventh consecutive home game by jumping on the Capitals early then pulling away late.
Alex Ovechkin scored twice to push his season total to an NHL-best 32 and Dmitry Orlov and Evgeny Kuznetzov also scored for the Capitals, but Washington couldn't keep pace with the Penguins. Braden Holtby finished with 27 saves but gave up three goals in the opening 8 minutes of the third period before being pulled in favour of Phillpp Grubauer as Pittsburgh broke open a tight game.
The Penguins came in rolling, ripping off an NHL-high nine wins in January to climb from 10th in the Eastern Conference to within striking distance of the division-leading Capitals with still two months to go before the post-season.
The prospect of another potential playoff showdown looms for the longtime rivals, even if the rivalry tends to be one-sided when they meet in the spring, when the series usually ends with the Penguins skating on to the next round and Washington left to wonder how it let it get away once again.
Pittsburgh never trailed and never wavered after the Capitals erased 2-0, 3-2 and 4-3 deficits. Kuznetzov tied it at 3 when he flipped a bouncing puck in the slot by Murray 11:57 into the second to give Washington a shot at picking up its seventh victory this season in a game in which it trailed by at least two goals.
Not this time. Malkin put in his own rebound 1:01 into the third to put the Penguins back in front. Ovechkin evened it just 49 seconds later after a slick cross-ice feed from Kuznetzov, but Pittsburgh simply kept on coming.
Rust picked up his third goal in his last two games to put the Penguins ahead to stay, Kessel followed with his second of the night and 23rd of the season to chase Holtby. Malkin finished the outburst with his team-leading 28th of the season, 14 of which have come since Jan. 1.
NOTES: Pittsburgh F Carter Rowney played 9:05 in his return after missing a month with an upper-body injury. ... The Penguins scratched D Chad Ruhwedel, D Matt Hunwick and injured F Conor Sheary (lower-body). ... Washington scratched D Taylor Chorney and F Jakub Vrana. ... Pittsburgh went 3 for 4 on the power play. The Capitals were 0 for 3 with the man advantage.
We are already fully onboard with Netflix's upcoming comedy Friends from College.
The series focuses on a group of friends 20 years after they graduated from Harvard together, and it has one hell of a cast. Friends from College stars Keegan-Michael Key, Cobie Smulders, Fred Savage, Nat Faxon, Annie Parisse and Jae Suh Park. Billy Eichner, Kate McKinnon and Ike Barinholtz also appear.
Based on the first official trailer, the relationships between these friends are going to get messy fast! There are affairs, party busses with stripper poles, fights over deciding whether or not to have a child and also some slo-mo walking for good measure because, why not?
Friends from College comes from Nick Stoller (Forgetting Sarah Marshall) and Francesca Delbanco, with Stoller directing all eight episodes.
Friends from College premieres Friday, July 14 on Netflix.
HOUSTON (AP) — In his first trip to the playoffs since 2013, Mike D'Antoni knows the rub on him is that he's never won a championship.
The 65-year-old first-year coach of the Houston Rockets doesn't spend much time worrying about that criticism.
“That's cool,” he said. “I know a lot of golfers that didn't win a major and they said: ‘Oh he can't win the big one.' And then he wins five. It's hard to win a championship.”
It's been one playoff disappointments after another for the innovative coach.
Advertisement
D'Antoni shook up the game by introducing his fast-paced offense to the Phoenix Suns in the early 2000s. His Phoenix team in 2004-05 that was led by Steve Nash won 62 games before losing in the Western Conference finals. A year later the Suns won 54 games but were sent home in the conference finals again. In 2006-07 the Suns won 61 games, but were ousted in the conference semifinals.
In 2005 and 2007 they were eliminated by the San Antonio Spurs, who went on to win the title.
The 2007 season is the last one in which D'Antoni advanced past the first round. In his last three trips to the postseason, 2008 with Phoenix, 2011 with the Knicks and 2013 in Los Angeles, he's managed just one win combined .
He isn't daunted by his postseason misfortune, and is looking forward to changing things this year.
“We'd like to put that to rest,” D'Antoni said. “I would personally, but everybody would, too. So that's what we're going to work for.”
The Rockets are off to a good start.
Houston rolled to a 1-0 lead in their first-round series against Oklahoma City with a 118-87 win on Sunday night .
The series-opener was a reflection of D'Antoni's success this year.
He has revived his coaching career and put the Rockets back in contention in his first head coaching stint since resigning from the Lakers after going 27-55 in 2013-14. Under his tutelage, Houston shook off last year's disappointing season where it finished eighth in the West and was eliminated in the first round. This year they have the third best record in the NBA.
Perhaps most important to Houston's success was D'Antoni moving James Harden to point guard. The change elevated the five-time All-Star from an elite player in the league to one of its best.
Harden had 22 triple-doubles and finished with 29.1 points, 11.2 assists and 8.1 rebounds — all career-highs — to help Houston to 55 wins a year after the team won just 41 games.
“It's a dream come true,” Harden said of playing in D'Antoni's system.
He went on to explain why he believes D'Antoni has been so successful this season.
“He's confident in what he has,” Harden said. “He's been doing it for so long he knows that what he does and what he brings to the table works. And his personnel — we just go out there and compete for him and try to win as many games for him.”
Though relying heavily on 3-pointers has long been a hallmark of D'Antoni's offense, he's taken it to another level in Houston. The Rockets set an NBA record this season by making 1,181 3-pointers.
Houston finished the regular season with three of the top 10 3-point shooters in the league. Harden was third with 262, Eric Gordon ranked fourth with 246 and Ryan Anderson made 204 for ninth place.
His work in not only improving the Rockets overall, but getting the most out of his roster has made him a leading candidate for coach of the year.
“What he's so good at is really giving his players confidence and belief in what they're doing, and they're obviously believing,” Warriors coach Steve Kerr said. “They're having an amazing year, and my guess is that Mike will get the trophy. He's earned it.”
His players certainly feel the same way. They not appreciate his work with them on the court, but the vibe he created in the building from the moment he took over after the players struggled through a season where Kevin McHale was fired after just 11 games last year.
“He doesn't look at you as a number, he looks at you as a player,” Patrick Beverley said. “He talks to you, you have conversations. You get a coach like that who not only cares about the basketball part but you as a person and as a man you're willing to run through walls for him and as you can tell that's what we've been trying to do this season.”
D'Antoni is excited to see just how far this team can go. He isn't surprised by its success, but there are occasions where he steps back to think about just how thankful he is for this opportunity.
“You just appreciate them every day,” D'Antoni said, “and it keeps growing.”
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
2:29 Dylann Roof's confession tape
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Grocery prices may have risen at their fastest rate in four years, but more than half of Bristol households continue to spend money on food they don't use.
Some 12 per cent of households in the city waste between £11 and £20 worth of food each month, while a further nine per cent throw away £21 to £60 of groceries, according to research from furniture fittings specialist Häfele.
Shockingly, 58 per cent of Bristol households regularly throw away up to £10 worth of food every month – higher than all the other UK cities surveyed, and higher than the UK average (48 per cent).
Chloë Thacker, marketing director of Häfele UK, said: “At a time when UK households are feeling the pinch, spending every penny wisely is more important than ever.
(Image: Getty)
“Often, the key to cutting unnecessary waste lies in effective kitchen organisation, particularly when it comes to storage.
”Packed pantries and crammed cupboards can lead to items being forgotten as they get pushed to the back of the shelf but this needsn't be the case."
Chloe says there are easy ways to optimise kitchen storage space such as pull-out or swing-out shelving, which enables the full contents of the cupboard to be seen.
She suggests using drawer storage, in the form of bread or vegetable baskets, to keep things organised, and help use up produce while it is still fresh.
She added: “Of course, eliminating waste completely is unrealistic for any household but by following supermarkets' example, we too can take steps to minimise it and recycle as much as possible.
"The key to effective recycling lies in separating rubbish properly and there are so many solutions including discreet, compartmentalised bins, which make the process simple."
Chloë concludes: “Getting into good habits at the beginning of a new year can lead to less waste throughout the year – and more money in your pocket.”
© Flickr/Creative Commons/Blandine Le Cain
On the eve of it, the leader of the National Front Marine Le Pen has posted the video on her Twitter accountin case of her election. The French presidential candidate also published the text version on her website This statement made a big fuss in the Western mass media. It revived talks about the possibility of Frexit. Also, this ambitious point of her program distinguishes the leader of FN from all candidates and, especially, from the former investment banker of the Rothschild bank, ex-Economy Minister, Emmanuel Macron, who is satisfied with his current subordinate position in France.Citizens of category S (Sûreté de l'Etat - State Security) in France are not identified as criminals, but are mentioned as someone who might have any connections with terrorist organizations. This category is not formal, people cannot be arrested because of it, but, nevertheless, they are under surveillance.Marine le Pen also proposes to take action and deprive suspicious individuals of French citizenship. Moreover, the candidate suggests preventing individuals, who have dual citizenship and whose connection with jihad is proved, to enter the State.These laws make lawbreaker's life easier. In 2008, there were active discussions of the law that could put the portion of criminals under house arrest because of lack of places in prisons. In reality, the criminals with electronic bracelets walk freely in the permitted areas of the city instead of sitting in jail.Cristiane Taubira is famous as a fighter for the rights of criminals and black people and for legalisation of gay marriage. and Rachida Dati stands up consistently for a secular and liberal state.Marine le Pen has always mentioned that these laws show our weakness to the criminals and demonstrate our disrespect towards their victims.This point involves the proportional government, referendum on people's legislative initiative, national priority, and protection of people's identity, culture and historical heritage. Also, it suggests reducing the number of deputies and senators.The income tax is suggested to be decreased by 10 % in the first three tranches and the additional fiscal burden should be reduced by half for widows and widowers.Restoration of retirement at age 60 with 40 contribution annuities. It is noteworthy to say that despite the protests of the citizens the retirement age has been increased recently from 60 to 62,5.Marine le Pen suggests transferring 50 milliard of euro, which are now being spent on CICE (tax benefit for competiveness and providing work places) to small and medium enterprises.The law proposed by the government of Hollande, Valls, ElKhomri suggests increasing working hours (up to 60 hours a week) and decreasing the extra payment for overtime. Moreover, the conditions of dismissal can be noted in a labor agreement in advance. The labor reform seems to be extremely unpopular among French people and it can be seen that the social guideline of Marine Le Pen's program will give her additional advantage in the presidential race.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wigan Athletic manager Paul Cook said he is expecting a tough test for his newly promoted side at Bristol Rovers tonight.
Wigan secured promotion back to the Championship with a 4-0 win over Fleetwood Town on Saturday, and victory at the Memorial Stadium will give his side a chance to secure the League One title at home on Saturday.
Talking about taking on Rovers to Wish FM at the Wigan Athletic Training Centre on Monday morning, the Latics boss said: "Bristol Rovers is always a tough place to go to and Darrell is a bright young manager who has had an outstanding time with his club so far.
"Darrell always puts an attacking team out because he's a very positive manager. He likes to have his two lads up front and Bristol Rovers always get after teams.
"We're under no illusions how tough it will be on the night, but if we can get the win then it gives us a great chance to win the league at home on Saturday.
"If we don't win then we get on with it, you know me, that's how I always approach things, but what a good day it would be at the DW Stadium on Saturday if we do win on Tuesday night.
"It would be such a good day to get a big crowd in on Saturday and celebrate in front of our own fans with everyone and their families. It would be great, but if not, we carry on."
"There will be one or two changes from Saturday. We can't keep going with the same team Saturday-Tuesday-Saturday-Tuesday as this time of year.
"Michael Jacobs was rested on Saturday with the intention of bringing him on at 60 minutes. It was good because we spoke to Michael and said we're okay in the game so you can have a full rest. Michael Jacobs comes back into the team against Bristol Rovers, that's the luxury that we have in our squad.
"On Saturday Gavin Massey, Gary Roberts and Max Power were excellent. Gary especially was superb.
"The reception David (Perkins) got when he came on was unbelievable and he got stuck in straight away. Perks is a massive member of this squad, he's a really popular guy in the dressing room and right through the club and supporters, and I'm sure we can get him onto the pitch in the last three games. Whether we can get him to that 100 appearances milestone is yet to be seen.
"Jamie Walker came on and looked lively and that shows how many options we have because we're a good club and have a good squad."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're someone who spends time outdoors you probably have a positive body image and high self-esteem. Surprising? You'd better believe it.
Fresh air isn't just good for your health, it can also help you feel confident about how you look.
A UK study of 199 women and 200 men aged between 19 and 76 from the US – led by Cambridge Professor Viren Swami – has reported that being in natural surroundings can help boost the feeling of being an important part of a wider ecosystem and make people feel more respect for their bodies.
Consequently they take more care of themselves and stay in better health .
It can also help people feel further removed from the pressures of society and lessen the need to conform to stereotypes, such as being thin or muscular.
For the study, participants were asked to visit different locations like the countryside, the seaside, the beach and open spaces in cities like parks.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Then they were asked to describe how their visits and overall experience had affected them.
The researchers found trips to nature were linked to great feelings of relaxation and refreshment.
This was especially true of visits to country or coastal locations, and to protected sites, which were also linked to stronger emotional connections to the natural world.
The strongest connections with nature were found in visits that lasted longer than 30 minutes and so had greater psychological benefits.
Another study from researchers at the universities of Surrey, Exeter, Plymouth, and from Natural England, surveyed 4,500 people as they spent time in nature.
For the first time, they investigated how different environmental settings can affect psychological wellbeing.
Lead author of the paper Dr Kayleigh Wyles, from Surrey University, said: “We've demonstrated for some time that nature can be beneficial to us, but we're still exploring how and why.
“Here we have found our mental wellbeing and our emotional bond with nature may differ depending on the type and quality of an environment we visit.
“These findings are important as they not only help unpick the mechanisms behind these psychological benefits, but they can also help to prioritise the protection of these environments and emphasise why accessibility to nature is so important.”
So what's the take-home message? I think the findings draw attention to our basic human need to feel an integral part of nature as a whole – and we're less than happy when we don't.
We can all fulfil this need with time-outs for communing with nature.
London: Manchester United on Wednesday completed the signing of Swedish international centre-back Victor Lindelof from Benfica for a fee believed to be £31 million (35m euros, $39.6m), the English Premier League side announced.
"I am thrilled to be joining Manchester United," said the 22-year-old after penning a four-year deal.
"I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there. But I`m looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho."
Lindelof joined Benfica from home-town club Vasteras SK in 2012 and won three Portuguese league titles and two Portuguese Cups during his time in Lisbon.
Lindelof is the second centre-back signed by United manager Mourinho following last year`s capture of the Ivory Coast international Eric Bailly from Villarreal.
Mourinho also has England pair Chris Smalling and Phil Jones at his disposal, along with Argentina international Marcos Rojo, while Dutch utility man Daley Blind has slotted into central defence on occasion.
"Victor is a very talented young player, who has a great future ahead of him at United," said Mourinho on Wednesday.
"Our season last year showed us that we need options and quality to add depth to the squad and Victor is the first to join us this summer. I know that our fantastic group of players will welcome him as one of us."
Lindelof is United`s first new signing of the summer as they build up towards a Champions League campaign next season.
He told MUTV that he was ready to fight for his place in the team.
"Of course there are some great players here in my position," said the Swede.
"I`m here to do my best to try to help the team as much as I can and it`s always good to have other good players around you. When you have that, you get better as well.
"I think every move means you have to adapt to a new environment but I feel comfortable in myself. I trust myself and it`s going to be tough but I`m looking forward to it.
"I always had a dream of coming here to play in the Premier League so, for me, it`s a dream come true."
United are also in the market for a striker, having included Zlatan Ibrahimovic, currently sidelined by a serious knee injury, on their list of players to be released.
Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata is one name linked with a move to Old Trafford.
His agent said earlier this week that United had lodged a "very important offer" with the Spanish giants to try to bring him to Manchester.
× Greitens says no public funding for sports stadiums
DELLWOOD, MO (KPLR) – Missouri's governor-elect reaffirmed his pledge to keep the public coffers closed when it comes to building stadiums for sports teams.
Speaking to reporters in Dellwood on Monday, Governor-elect Eric Greitens said the state has more pressing needs than a soccer stadium for a potential Major League Soccer franchise. Greitens previously referred to providing tax credits or state aid for stadiums as “welfare for millionaires.”
St. Louis is one of 10 cities in the running for an MLS team. SC STL, the ownership group trying to establish an expansion team in town, proposed using $40 million in state tax credits for development and construction of a stadium, with an additional $80 million in support from local taxpayers. That $80 million would be subject to a public vote on April 4, if the St. Louis Board of Aldermen approves putting the issue on the ballot.
For its part, the ownership group would cover the $150 million MLS expansion fee and contribute $80 million toward the construction of the stadium, as well as future maintenance and cost overruns. The proposed stadium would be built on 24 acres of land just west of Union Station. The Interstate 64/Highway 40 exit ramps at that location would need to be moved. The city bought the property from MoDOT in September 2016.
The league is aiming to award two new franchises in the third quarter of 2017. Those teams will begin play in 2020. Two more clubs will be awarded and begin play at dates still to be determined.
© REUTERS/ Yuri Gripa
Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, made clear on Monday that Washington is ready"to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the US homeland," according to US military spokesman Capt. Darryn James, as cited by AP.Dunford previously stressed to reporters, however, that the US is"seeking a peaceful resolution to the crisis," local media reported.Dunford, who is also visiting Japan and China during his trip, earlier told reporters traveling with him that he is aiming to "sense what the temperature is in the region."He said that he will discuss military options if the "diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign" fails."We're all looking to get out of this situation without a war," Dunford said.Dunford's visit to Asia comes just one week after US President Donald Trump said that the US military was "locked and loaded," and that North Korea would be faced with "fire and fury" if it continued to threaten the United States."There must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula," he said, according to his office.However, Pyongyang maintained its tough rhetoric against the South and the US on Monday, accusing Washington of mobilizing a large number of troops and weapons for annual military drills set to take place with South Korea later this month."What matters is that if a second conflict (on the peninsula) erupts, that cannot help but lead to a nuclear war," the North's official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) said in a commentary. "We are closely monitoring every move by the United States."The Rodong Sinmun, North Korea's Workers' Party newspaper, previously stated that around 3.5 million students and workers had volunteered to join or rejoin the army in preparation for a possible confrontation with the US.Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova also warned on Sunday that both sides were inching dangerously close to a confrontation."How close have we come to this situation? Yes, we've come very close to a possible armed conflict," she said in an interview with the TV channel Russia-1.she said, adding that the US isn't considering the full extent of the repercussions that could result if the conflict was escalated.Both Russia and China have previously denounced North Korea's missile launches, but have also called on the US to halt military drills in the region.Meanwhile, Adam Garrie, managing editor at The Duran, said the US could possibly launch the first strike."There's always that possibility that America could launch the first strike. If we're looking at the sheer numbers, leaving both personalities on both sides, then America is a country with a proven track record of being a first striker, being an aggressor..." he told RT on Saturday.
Clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR) are prokaryotic DNA segments which play a vital role in bacterial defense systems. CRISPR mechanism requires a set of CRISPR-associated (cas) genes which are usually found adjacent with CRISPR sequence, and they code for proteins which are required in immune response. CRISPR and cas (CRISPR-associated system) genes together form the basis of gene editing technology, an innovative targeted genome-editing technique that permits modification of gene sequence within the organism. The CRISPR-Cas system acts by targeting DNA or RNA to protect against viruses and other biological entities.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=26417
CRISPR and cas genes is a lucrative market due to its potential to be used in large number of applications as a tool to treat a wide range of diseases such as cancer, cardio diseases, and hepatitis B. Extensive ongoing research in gene editing with an aim to use this technology to treat diseases in humans contributes to the growth of the CRISPR and cas genes market. CRISPR-Cas9 is a unique technology enabling researchers to edit the genome by adding, removing, and altering the sequence of a gene. It is one of the simplest, versatile, and precise methods of genome editing. Emerging applications of CRISPR-Cas gene in the field of plant biotechnology further boosts the growth of the market. The technology is used in crop improvement and creation of new plant varieties for production of novel secondary metabolites and biomaterials. Technological advancement, new emerging applications of CRIPR technology in development of novel therapeutics and in other field of biology, and significant ongoing research on CRISPR-Cas technology are the factors attributed to strong growth the of CRISPR and cas genes market.
Policy barriers in genetic engineering is the major factor restraining the CRISPR-Cas gene market. Policy regulation for the CRIPSR/Cas technology varies across the world. The major hindrance comes in gene editing of germ line cells since the changes made in germ line cells are transferred to next generations and thus has ethical implications. Gene editing in germ line cells is illegal in the U.K. and most other countries. Regulatory policies and ethical implications are the major restraints of the CRIPSR and cas genes market.
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=26417
The global CRISPR and cas genes market can be segmented into product, application, end-user, and region. In terms of product, the market can be segmented into vector-based cas and DNA-free cas. Based on application, the market can be segmented into genome engineering, knock down/activation, disease models, biomedicine, and others. The genome engineering segment is anticipated to dominate the market owing to factors such as increasing adoption of gene editing technology in the development of novel therapeutics and modification of germ line. Emerging applications of plant genome editing is also contributing to the growth of the genome engineering segment. In terms of end-user, the market can be segmented into biotechnology and pharmaceuticals companies, academic and government research institutes, and contract research organizations. The biotechnology and pharmaceuticals companies segment is likely to dominate the market during the forecast period due to wide applications of CRISPR and cas genes in the development of novel drug therapeutics especially in the treatment of cancer.
Geographically, the CRISPR and cas genes market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America is projected to hold a significant share of the global CRISPR and Cas Genes market due to early adoption of technology in development of novel therapeutics and support from government in conduction of extensive research in the field of CRISPR technology.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=26417
Major players operating in the CRISPR and cas genes market are Addgene, Crispr Therapeutics AG, Caribou Biosciences, Inc., Dharmacon, Inc., Editas Medicine, Horizon Discovery Group plc, Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., GE Healthcare, Merck KGaA, Mirus Bio LLC, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., and Takara Bio USA.
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. — Mike Watkins scored 19 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for his 11th double-double of the season and Penn State beat Iowa 82-58 on Saturday.
Lamar Stevens added 17 points and Tony Carr 16 for the Nittany Lions (16-9, 6-6 Big Ten Conference), who've won three of their last four.
Tyler Cook led Iowa (12-13, 3-9) with 19 points and Luka Garza had 13 for the Hawkeyes, who have dropped seven of their last 10.
Penn State seized control early when a dunk from Watkins with 12:39 left in the first half turned a 14-all tie into a 33-14 run. Carr fueled it with 12 points while Watkins had eight during the stretch to give Penn State a 47-28 halftime lead.
Shep Garner hit his third 3-pointer to open the second half and Iowa trailed by as many as 25 and got no closer than 14 the rest of the way.
BIG PICTURE
Iowa: The Hawkeyes' continue to struggle on the road where they're 1-7 overall. That includes a 1-5 mark in enemy Big Ten arenas where the Hawkeyes have fallen by double figures each time. They'll play three of their final six on the road.
Penn State: The Nittany Lions had been in a similar position numerous times this season where seemingly comfortable second-half leads slipped away and turned into losses. It's happened at home and on the road, recently when the Nittany Lions led No. 5 Michigan State by 12 with 15:23 left. If Penn State can continue to finish teams like they did Iowa, the program's best Big Ten finish in coach Patrick Chambers' seven years should be easily attainable with six games left.
UP NEXT
Iowa hosts No. 5 Michigan State on Tuesday.
With 2017 going by quick, and November fast approaching it's almost time for Zack Snyder's Justice League. The highly-anticipated superhero ensemble movie is DC's first outing since the heavily lauded Wonder Woman. And with some really promising trailers and awesome movie posters, Justice League could be a sign that DC is finally hitting its stride.
Filled with A-list celebrities, Justice League brings the star power to a team that totally deserve it. One of its big hitters, #Oscar-winning J.K. Simmons, plays the role of Commissioner Gordon. And in a recent interview, Simmons gave us some awesome insight to Justice League, The Batman and working with Ben Affleck.
J.K. Simmons On 'Justice League'
In the interview with Red Carpet News TV, Simmons spoke of numerous things regarding the future of the #DCEU, including what he can bring to his role. But from what he's saying, fans may have to pay close attention to catch him on screen:
"Commissioner Gordon, my incarnation of Commissioner Gordon, in the first Justice League movie — of what we hope will be a handful — is a kind of don't blink or you'll miss it introduction of the character."
From the sounds of this it may mean we don't see many more scenes with Simmons than what we've already seen in the Justice League trailer. Simmons even went on to explain that, even with its release in a month, the film still isn't finished, and that he added little touches to the film only a week ago:
"As a matter of fact, I was doing ADR last week, additional dialogue recording last week, so they're still putting the finishing touches on it. But I'm, really, really excited to see it and to be a part of the DC Universe which is a little grittier."
Simmons also spoke about film's change in director, after Joss Whedon took on the remainder of the film following Snyder stepping down to deal with a family tragedy. Although Simmons wasn't involved in the Whedon reshoots, he noted that Whedon was very much intent on finishing the story being told by Snyder, rather than drastically changing the project:
"I wasn't involved with Joss at all, it was just some of the reshoots, and I wasn't involved in that, but I think he's really dedicated to finishing the story that Zack was telling"
A More 'Weathered' Batman And Commissioner Gordon In 'The Batman'
'Batman v Superman' [Credit: Warner Bros.]
However Simmons didn't just give insight into Justice League, he also revealed some awesome news about working on Matt Reeve's upcoming film The Batman. The film will see him reunite with Ben Affleck after the pair last worked together on 2016's The Accountant. And, when speaking about his co-star, Simmons was all praise:
"He's obviously a talented filmmaker in addition to being the movie star that he is and the good actor that he is, which I think will continue to develop as we see Batman and Commissioner Gordon not be spring chickens and we get into some interesting stories about these weathered kinds of guys."
Does this mean we're getting some awesome Commissioner Gordon and #Batman stories in The Batman? Well if Simmons is anything to go by, then is sure sounds like it! We can't wait.
Justice League opens on November 17, and the release date for The Batman is TBA.
Let me know what DC films you're excited to see come out!
This week in the Russia investigations: The much-talked-about memo finally made its public debut.
After a week of hyperpartisan madness that critics warn could shatter key D.C. institutions forever, the inescapable, once-secret spying memo wound up falling like a drop of rain into the Pacific Ocean.
There was no Friday Night Massacre in which the leaders of the FBI and Justice Department were pushed out the window or jumped on their own. The memo didn't even break much news — comments by members of Congress and reports in the press ended up setting the stage for it nicely.
But, that doesn't mean it didn't have some points of interest, including these five takeaways.
1. The Steele dossier did not launch the DOJ Russia investigation. George Papadopoulos did.
NPR and other news organizations have not detailed the infamous, unverified dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele because its allegations about President Trump and Russia are unproven. That's why allies of Trump in Congress have sought to make the case that it's the germ of the whole Russia matter.
By drawing attention to its salaciousness and the prospect that it could be the product of Russian intelligence disinformation, they have sought to argue: If it's the sum total of the case for alleged collusion with the Russians or an alleged conspiracy between the Trump 2016 campaign and agents of the Kremlin, there is no case here.
But, it's not the sum total of the alleged conspiracy/collusion case.
And in fact, the memo prepared by Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, says that what "triggered" the FBI's investigation was evidence about onetime Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos. He has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russians.
According to court documents, Papadopoulos was offered dirt on Hillary Clinton and high-level meetings with Russians early in the campaign. When that story — after a drunken night out at the pub — got back to Washington, D.C., the FBI opened its investigation. So it was already underway by the time the Steele dossier materialized.
2. Two consecutive administrations believed Carter Page worthy of foreign-intelligence monitoring
Carter Page, like George Papadopoulos, was a junior foreign policy adviser to the Trump 2016 campaign. He visited Russia at least twice in 2016 and acknowledged in an earlier interview with the House Intelligence Committee that he'd met with government officials and others there. The core of the memo is that the FBI and the Justice Department used unverified material in the Steele dossier to ask the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to authorize surveillance of Page.
Republicans say that's the real problem here — in their telling, biased investigators didn't tell the court the dossier material was unproven political opposition research that had been funded by Democrats. But the memo doesn't say whether there might have been other evidence beyond the dossier — foreign intelligence intercepts or reporting from human sources — that also supported the warrant request. (And Friday night the Washington Post reported that the FISA court "was aware that some of the information underpinning the warrant request was paid for by a political entity, although the application did not specifically name the Democratic National Committee or the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign," according to two U.S. officials.)
The Nunes memo also doesn't say that the FISA court requires that a warrant produce intelligence in order to reauthorize it. So, however the FBI got its initial warrant for Page, the Nunes memo suggests that once surveillance of Page started, it continued producing foreign intelligence.
Officials from FBI Director James Comey in 2016 to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein — who was appointed by Trump and serves today in the Trump administration — have signed successive applications for warrants, the memo says.
3. Christopher Steele is a never-Trumper
The former British intelligence officer and dossier author Christopher Steele has remained a silent cipher in the middle of the Russia imbroglio. He hasn't been heard from publicly since his document exploded onto the scene.
The Nunes memo released on Friday, however, makes clear that Steele was not a politically neutral actor.
Steele was commissioned by a Washington private intelligence company, Fusion GPS. It was hired first by conservative underwriters, then Democrats, to conduct opposition research about Trump in 2016. All the same, Fusion GPS' founder, Glenn Simpson, has told Congress that he did not instruct Steele to go dig up dirt on Trump.
Rather, in his account, Simpson gave Steele an open-ended assignment to find out what he could from sources in Russia he'd cultivated over his career. Steele, according to Simpson, was shocked by what he learned and volunteered on his own to report it all to the FBI.
Friday's memo complicates that picture. According to the Nunes memo, Steele told a contact at the Justice Department that he was "desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president."
That, for Republicans, is more evidence that anti-Trump bias is at the bottom of the DOJ's Russia investigation. And the memo charges that although the FBI "recorded" Steele's feelings, it was "not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications."
Unlike the Nunes memo, however, those underlying documents, remain secret.
4. Some chains of events still aren't clear
Simpson told Congress that one reason Steele broke with the FBI, which the Nunes memo also describes, was he felt the bureau wasn't taking him seriously enough. And Steele was mystified, in Simpson's telling, by a story in The New York Times in which FBI officials said they had no clear link between the Trump campaign and Russia.
But that story appeared on Oct. 31, 2016 — 10 days after the FBI and DOJ applied for their warrant on Page, according to the memo declassified and released Friday. The evidence now shows the FBI certainly thought there was a connection, and it has since become clear the bureau had been running a counterintelligence investigation since July 2016.
Was the Times' story a sin of omission by the FBI or one of commission? Did the people who talked with Times reporters Eric Lightblau and Steven Lee Myers not know about the investigative work that was then underway — or did they mislead the reporters because they wanted to protect their work and not spook potential targets of the investigation in Trump world?
Further confusing the matter is a Washington Post story from April of 2017. It describes a FISA warrant targeting Page "last summer," based in part on his trip to Moscow and what it calls prior contacts with Russian intelligence operatives.
Does that mean the Oct. 21, 2016, warrant application referenced in the declassified memo was actually a reauthorization of an earlier one? There is no independent accounting of events at this time to clear up these questions.
5. Republicans want to redefine the Russia imbroglio
For the House Intelligence Committee's GOP majority, it's not a story about Americans potentially conspiring with a foreign attack on the democratic process. Instead, it's a story about abuse of power, and a hapless martyr in Carter Page.
The memo saga sucked up all the oxygen in Washington, D.C., this week, but it remains to be seen whether it proves a tactical victory or a strategic one. Republicans' memo targeted the weakest aspect of the collusion storyline within the Russia imbroglio — a dossier virtually no one defends — and singled out what they called politically biased FBI and Justice Department officials.
The collusion case has always been broader than the dossier. Several people in the Trump campaign had contacts with Russians, including Papadopoulos, Page, onetime Trump national security adviser Mike Flynn, now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Donald Trump Jr., then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort, Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner and others. Trump Jr., Kushner and Manafort hosted a delegation of Russians at Trump Tower in June 2016 following what was described to Trump Jr. as the Russian government's desire to support Trump's campaign by providing information about Hillary Clinton.
Trump's allies have pushed in all their chips on a strategy of tearing down federal law enforcement, within guardrails established by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., to preserve the agencies' current leaders in their jobs. Trump has already fired one FBI director, James Comey, and reportedly wanted to fire the Justice Department's special counsel, Robert Mueller.
So although whatever Mueller's office yields will have been prefigured by months of attacks, including the Nunes memo, nothing in the document directly implicates Mueller or his current team. The question now is how much credibility Mueller, the FBI and DOJ will retain by the next time they act in their investigation.
© Alain Jocard / AFP
Footage of Monday's incident shows a young female protester running towards the presidential hopeful with a bunch of flowers held above her head, seemingly waving them in the direction of the presidential candidate during a rally at Paris' Zenith arena.It seems as if the protester is about to remove her top before she is rushed by Le Pen's security detail, who drag her along the ground by the arms and out of sight of the cameras.Le Pen described the protest by "left-wing extremists" as a "total reversal" of their values to "disrupt a meeting of the only woman who defends women."A short time later, a second protester was also removed from the event after she started shouting during Le Pen's speech. "She should have stayed a bit, she would have learned something," Le Pen said, according to BFM Earlier on Monday, protests erupted in the capital ahead of the rally. Smoke grenades were reportedly thrown at riot police, with tear gas being fired in return. RT correspondent, Charlotte Dubenskij, was caught in the middle of the scuffles while covering the standoff."We have been caught in tear gas, we have had bricks thrown at us, one member of the press had his camera taken off of him and thrown on the floor," she said , adding that fires also erupted.
Both IndiGo and GoAir have cancelled several flights during the last one week due to a number of their aircraft being grounded.
Mumbai: Budget airline IndiGo on Monday said that it has grounded an Airbus A320neo plane after it developed technical snags, the ninth such aircraft to be grounded in the past week.
The latest development comes barely a week after the country's aviation regulator grounded 11 Airbus A320neo planes, including eight belonging to IndiGo.
The latest aircraft to be grounded by IndiGo did not face the “knife-edge seal” issue that forced the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) to ground 14 Airbus A320neo aircraft, powered by faulty Pratt & Whitney (P&W) engines in the past two months, one person aware of the matter said, requesting anonymity.
In a statement on Monday, IndiGo said that the airline detected five technical snags from over 2,000 flights during the past 48 hours and out of these, only one aircraft has been grounded. The airline didn't say when the grounded aircraft will resume flights.
IndiGo had on 18 March said that it had withdrawn two A320neo aircraft, the first operating on Bengaluru-Delhi route after metal chips were observed on one of the engines, and the second operating on Delhi-Srinagar due to hydraulic leakage.
On Monday, the airline said in a statement that another A320neo aircraft operating on the Mumbai-Jammu route was detected with leakage from engine and subsequently withdrawn. It also added that two other Airbus aircraft, operating on Cochin-Mumbai and Mumbai-Goa sectors, respectively, were withdrawn due to technical snags during departure. The airline did not specify the model of these aircraft. “Both these aircraft were immediately withdrawn for rectification. The issues were rectified and the aircraft are back in operation,” the statement said.
Among the 11 Airbus A320neo planes grounded by DGCA, eight belong to InterGlobe Aviation-operated IndiGo and three to the Wadia Group-run GoAir.
IndiGo had in February grounded three Airbus A320neo aircraft with P&W engine due to glitches in both engines.
Both IndiGo and GoAir cancelled several flights during the last one week due to a number of aircraft being grounded.
Operations at both airlines are expected to be significantly disrupted ahead of the peak travelling season that starts in March-end/early April when schools and colleges in India shut for summer break, and people head out for holidays.
Indigo currently has 32 A320neo aircraft in its fleet, 12 of which are currently grounded.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amazon orders could one day be landing on your lawn after the e-commerce giant was granted a patent that would allow its delivery drones to drop packages by parachutes.
The patent, granted in the US , describes a method that would see orders dropped from the sky onto the customer's property, negating the need for the drone to land. This would save battery power, as well as avoiding the prospect of the UAV hitting a person, pet, or property on its descent.
WATCH: Jeremy Clarkson explains first Amazon UK customer drone delivery in Cambridge
Of course, the obvious problem is that the parcel might drift off course and land in the wrong garden, but the patent states that the drone would monitor the package from above, and radio it a message to deploy a parachute, compressed air canister or landing flap if necessary. Sounds very clever.
Amazon has been developing drones for its Prime Air service at its lab in Cambridge and testing them at a secret site near Babraham. In December, a Cambridgeshire resident known as "Richard B" became the first person to receive a drone delivery as part of testing. The unmanned aircraft can deliver packages weighing up to 5lbs to customers in 30 minutes or less.
Other patents filed by Amazon relating to drone delivery include one for a "flying warehouse" to house the aircraft, as well as "mega-drone" convoys that can deliver larger items .
British Cybersecurity Expert Pleads Not Guilty To Federal Malware Charges
Enlarge this image toggle caption Frank Augstein/AP Frank Augstein/AP
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for his role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described him as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where he had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted him and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
She added that other members of his community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to his reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But his release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but he cannot leave the country. He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing him access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of his bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
How the US Dollar Could Bankrupt the World
The mighty US dollar…
It's the epicentre of the global financial system…
The safe-haven asset for global markets and investors…
And yet…
The greenback — the currency global markets rely on to remain resilient — may actually cause the next financial crisis .
‘Wait,' I hear you say, ‘There's no way US policymakers would let that happen. They bailed out Wall Street in 1997 and the financial market in 2008. Won't they just do it again?'
After months of research, I'm convinced there's no chance the US can bail out the world this time.
Here's why…
Get Ready for Australia's Great 2018 ‘Resources Resurgence' Including three ways to position your wealth for the commodities comeback right now Download your free guide to the Great Commodities Comeback of 2018. Plus, get a free subscription to the daily financial email The Daily Reckoning Australia. Simply enter your email address in the box below and click ‘Send Me My FREE Report'. Register with Facebook Privacy Statement: We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time.
In March, I sat down with Daily Reckoning Australia strategist Jim Rickards for an exclusive interview.
Over the past couple of weeks, I've noticed the mainstream press is only just beginning to explore this same issue we talked about all those months ago.
Emerging markets (EMs) are loaded with debt…more than they can handle. They're drowning in US dollar-denominated loans.
So far I've uncovered about US$10 trillion worth of debt. Granted, that's only about 5% of the world's total US$200 trillion non-bank, non-government debt.
But if my research is correct, there's a good chance this debt may never be repaid.
If that's the case, the entire house of cards will blow over, leading to an aggressive new financial crisis.
George Soros, the famous hedge fund manager who broke the Bank of England in 1992, commented on the possibility of it this week.
He told attendees at a Paris conference on Monday that a rising US dollar would encourage capital flight from emerging markets, leading to a major financial crisis.
As you know, investor capital flows to markets where it can see higher returns with limited risk.
If the Federal Reserve Bank is raising rates, capital parked in the US is going to attract higher returns. And that's before accounting for the perceived safety of the US dollar and the US economy, which boosts investor confidence.
Contrast that to India, for example. India has a cash rate of 6%, yet foreign investors don't consider funds stored in India as safe as they would be in the US. Even though the Fed funds rate is 1.75%, investors trade in the higher return for the assurance that their funds are safe.
Of course, that's the theory.
But markets have a way of surprising people…
Government debt isn't the problem
Over the past month, funds have fled emerging markets.
That's caused the value of the US dollar to rise, with EM currencies falling.
Some analysts are downplaying this as nothing more than speculators looking to make a quick buck in currency markets.
But they haven't dug as deep into this as Jim and I have.
It's all eerily similar to the Asian Financial Crisis in 1997…money rushing from one place to another…leaving a trail of debts that won't be repaid.
Except this time, the market is bigger, and global markets are more connected than ever before.
As a result, what you're seeing isn't just a handful of traders fishing for the biggest profit.
Emerging market currencies are weakening, and the extent of the loans is being revealed.
Source: Theo Trade
Take Brazil for example. As you can see in the chart above, Brazil is now sitting on US$300 billion in US dollar-denominated loans. Same goes for Russia.
China is in a league of its own, however, with more than $1 trillion of US dollar-denominated loans outstanding.
This is largely non-bank, non-government debt. It belongs to corporations — companies looking to fund their expanding business activities.
To fund activities, these companies take out loans with international banks. Sometimes, they'll offer up debt securities — such as corporate bonds — as a source of funding.
Between China, Russia and Brazil, they're sitting on about US$1.7 trillion in combined US dollar-denominated debt. Again, this excludes government and bank debt. Meaning it's still not even close to the full amount these nations owe.
Of course, it's preferable to have US dollar-denominated debt because of the perceived safety of the greenback. Few people don't want rubles, renminbi or reals. Especially not when it comes to risky, emerging markets.
So these corporations offer up loans or bonds in US dollars to make them more attractive to the international market.
None of this debt is a problem when markets are stable. It just gets rolled over.
But the market is in a precarious position today.
The Federal Reserve Bank is raising rates. In fact, US rates could rise to 2.5% in two years.
All these US dollar-denominated loans need to be paid back in US dollars.
But as more investors rush out of emerging market currencies — like the renminbi, real and ruble — it weakens the local currencies.
As a currency weakens, more of it is needed to pay off US dollar-denominated debt.
Suddenly, emerging markets are scrambling to find more money to pay back debt…but the cost of that debt is going up. Meaning even more cash must be found to pay back the debt.
All told, global markets are sleepwalking into a crisis the likes of which we have never seen before.
This time, the US dollar isn't going to be the white knight to save the world economy.
Kind regards,
Shae Russell,
Editor, The Daily Reckoning Australia
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Incredible footage has been released by NASA which shows the red planet could in fact be blue.
Video captured by the Curiosity spans miles across Mars and in parts the clip appears to show the planet with a blueish tinge.
And a panoramic view from the surface has also been created from images taken by the rover since it landed on Mars in 2012.
The Mars Curiosity landed in Gale Crater and one of its on-board cameras captured 16 separate images at points along its journey at the top of the Vera Rubin Ridge.
(Image: NASA/Youtube)
(Image: NASA/Youtube)
(Image: NASA/Youtube)
These were then put together to form the breathtaking picture.
And thanks to some clever visual effects - the usually red planet gets a blue hue - making the scene more familiar to us humans.
NASA adjusted the colour balance in the images so that the rocks appear as they would during daylight on Earth.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: NASA)
The photos taken in October last year looks over the crater which is between 3.5 and 3.8 billion years old.
It also spans an area of 30 miles.
The photos were taken just before northern Mars' winter solstice which means there were clear skies to capture the stunning views.
And because of the thin atmosphere on the planet it means mountains that are more than 50 miles away can be seen in the shots.
(Image: NASA/Youtube)
(Image: NASA/Youtube)
In a written statement, curiosity project scientist Ashwin Vasavada said: "Even though Curiosity has been steadily climbing for five years, this is the first time we could look back and see the whole mission laid out below us.
"From our perch on Vera Rubin Ridge, the vast plains of the crater floor stretch out to the spectacular mountain range that forms the northern rim of Gale Crater."
The space agency also released an annotated version of the panorama photo to point out places from the mission such as "Yellowknife Bay" - an ancient freshwater-lake environment.
They are now preparing to use the robot's drill to analyse powdered rock samples.
Before The Rumble In The Jungle, Music Rang Out At Zaire 74
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Stewart Levine Courtesy of Stewart Levine
In the fall of 1974, George Foreman and Muhammad Ali met in the country of Zaire, now called the Democratic Republic of Congo, for the legendary boxing match known as "The Rumble in the Jungle." Although the Rumble had to be postponed until later that autumn, a related promotional event went on as scheduled and turned out to be similarly momentous: Zaire 74, a music festival where some of America's greatest black artists played alongside Africa's leading talent to an audience of tens of thousands.
Documentaries and albums chronicling that festival have concentrated on the American performers, such as James Brown and B.B. King. The African artists have not received the same shine — and disputes over money and control, which kept a tight lid on concert footage, have not helped. Except for the South African legend Miriam Makeba, these musicians were all Congolese, including rumba maestros Franco and Tabu Ley Rochereau.
But now their performances can be heard, many of them in full, on a new live album titled Zaire 74: The African Artists. It was produced by South African trumpeter Hugh Masekela and American record producer Stewart Levine — the same men who organized that festival in Kinshasa more than 40 years ago with the aim of making the world more conscious of African music.
Read on for highlights from Ari Shapiro's interview with Masekela and Levine, and listen at the audio link to hear the full conversation and snippets of music from Zaire 74: The African Artists.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Stewart Levine Courtesy of Stewart Levine
Interview Highlights
On what organizing the festival was like
Hugh Masekela: From the time we started to organize the festival, until after the festival, it was very hard work. I think we both lost about 20 pounds each. ... It was the first thing of its kind and it was very exciting, the artists were excited. The Congolese audience had never been to anything like it. And actually nobody had ever been to anything like it.
Stewart Levine: You must remember one thing: The African artists had never played in front of such a large audience. So they were incredibly inspired. And the audience knew them better than they did James Brown, and they were out to cut James Brown. [Laughter.]
On rediscovering the recordings that would become Zaire 74: The African Artists
Levine: I refer to it as musical archaeology because we in fact had never heard these performances. They were recorded while, like Hugh says, we were running around trying to help get this thing organized and put up onstage. So when we opened these tapes up about a year and a half ago, we were stunned. We were mesmerized. Because with all due respect to the American artists, who were great, these guys were out to do it in front of their own people. You have to realize this was a big moment for this country, and a big moment for these performers. So you really do have this music being played at its highest level. We were lucky to have had these tapes. When we opened them, we just decided maybe after 42 years, we should remember the plot, which was to introduce this music to the world. So it's never too late, I guess.
On the poignancy of these performances seeing the light of day only after the musicians' deaths
Masekela: Louis Armstrong has been dead for a long time, but people still listen to his music. One thing that is great about the music is that you can be dead and [it can] become popular. You can get known whether you are alive or not. Music lasts forever.
Levine: If we didn't think that these things were relevant and vibrant, then we wouldn't have released it, period. If they sounded like field recordings from the '20s, we wouldn't go near it. But they're hot! They're energized. We caught it. It was the golden age of multi-track recording, it was 16-track recording. They hold up, and besides just being a piece of history, it's a great piece of recording. I don't mean technically, I mean the recording is great when it captures the moment, and there you have it. These artists become alive when you put the needle down. Here they are!
Web intern Karen Gwee contributed to this story.
The meetings followed a pomp-filled welcome ceremony on the South Lawn. Trump said before an audience of U.S. soldiers and members of his Cabinet that the relationship he forged with Macron at the start of his presidency was a testament to the "enduring friendship that binds our two nations." He thanked the French leader for his "steadfast partnership" in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron said, "History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times. France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history."
The social highlight of Macron's visit, the first state visit of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera. On Monday night, the leaders took a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and had dinner at the Potomac River home of George Washington in Mount Vernon, Virginia.
Tuesday's meetings follow the collaboration by the U.S., France and Britain in missile strikes in Syria earlier this month to respond to the alleged chemical weapons attack. The U.S. has 2,000 troops in Syria assisting local Arab and Kurdish fighters against IS, though Trump has resisted a deeper U.S. involvement and is eager to withdraw completely from Syria.
Macron's three-day visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a "Trump whisperer" at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honour Macron with the first state visit of his administration as he woos the French president.
For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says he is not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but he has argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a "Plan B."
Trump ended his first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. He was Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the centre of Paris. Macron and his wife also took Trump and first lady Melania Trump on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Macron was welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. He was also attending a State Department lunch hosted by Vice-President Mike Pence.
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller and Jonathan Lemire contributed.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
By Darlene Superville And Ken Thomas, The Associated Press
Owner Jerry Jones offered epitaph on the emerging drama surrounding receiver Dez Bryant's controversial departure and what it means for the Dallas Cowboys heading into the 2018 NFL Draft, set for Thursday through Saturday at AT&T Stadium in Arlington.
Jones said he has no regrets on the late time of the release. He said there is no chance of the Cowboys re-signing Bryant.
And more important, he said the Cowboys are a better team heading into the draft than they were at the end of the season. That's because of the clarity in decision-making they gained with the departures of Bryant and linebacker Anthony Hitchens, who bolted the Kansas City Chiefs in free agency.
Considering that Hitchens is a rising player who was expected to leave for financial reasons all long, Jones was mainly referring to Bryant.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
SHARE COPY LINK A question about Garrett's salty language in a television documentary prompted a snappy response from Cowboys owner Jerry Jones Rodger Mallisonrmallison@star-telegram.com
“Yes, I think we are if for no other reason than for we've got clarity with our personnel,” Jones said during a Tuesday pre-draft news conference at the team's headquarters at the Star in Frisco. “We will have clarity, even more clarity after this draft. But we've got clarity. We have to recognize that we're not going to have a Dez. Whether we address it in this draft, or whether we address it from within, we've got more clarity as to how to play against Carolina and opening up against them and win the game.
"So for no other reason, one of the biggest things in our decision-making in my mind is misreading what you've got to work with and not planning your attack based on what you've got to work with. So I think we've got more clarity as to what our team needs to look like with the personnel that we've got. I think that gives you a chance to have a better team.”
The team added receivers Allen Hurns and Deonte Thompson in free agency and have been focused on adding a receiver early in the draft even before they released Bryant two weeks ago.
Alabama's Calvin Ridley, Maryland's D.J. Moore, Florida's Antonio Callaway, SMU's Courtland Sutton and Oklahoma State's James Washington and Marcell Ateman were brought in for pre-draft visits. The Cowboys also spent time with Courtland and Texas A&M's Christian Kirk at their respective pro days.
“I think we recognize that we've got a hole to fill with Dez,” Jones said. “We actually, in general, know right now and have known that we probably won't have what we call a pure, X receiver to take the place of Dez. We know we won't have that because even if we draft one that is an X receiver he's not going to be, as a rookie, he's not going to come in here and give us that type of performance. You've got to assume that.
"And so, we certainly know that we've got a chance to pick a player, but not necessarily in the first round or even the second round, that will have the opportunity to be in the mix that gives that player a better chance to be playing next year and use a chance to have somebody who has some special skills, speed that can help us out. I think it's noticeable.”
Jones also made a point to clear up a few things regarding the timing of Bryant's departure, while also shutting the door in any possible return for the team's all-time leader in touchdown receptions who still remains unemployed.
“I have no thoughts about the timing about when we decided to move on,” Jones said. ‘For everyone concerned, that was as a good a time as any … I don't want to in any way diminish what how we feel about Dez as a person, how proud we are of him as a person and what he has contributed in the past.
"And because he has really been so notable relative to our team, I think a nice crisp time to call it a day is a way to do this. I thought it was the case when we discussed his future with the Cowboys. I think that would pertain to your question about if the door is still open. I think we need to keep this real crisp and the lines real bright. We need to move on knowing we don't have Dez.”
Bryant blamed team captains and “Garrett guys” for playing a role in his departure. Jones also made it clear that no players had an impact on the decision.
“It was not the case,” Jones said. “Dez is a loved player on this team. Everybody had the right perspective in their respect for him. So that's as I know it and the sentiment that that might imply was not a factor in my decision — at all."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAND PRAIRIE - Grand Grairie police are searching for suspects who are stealing purses at a retail center specifically targeting Asian women.
There have been at least two purse snatchings in the span of a week in the parking lot of Asia Times Square.
the men have also used the victim`s credit card in fort worth. .
the suspects are believed to have committed multiple thefts in arlington and irving.
They are driving a dark Chrysler 300.
Anyone with information can anonymously contact Crime Stoppers by calling (972) 988-8477.
With the EFL and Premier League seasons now underway TV companies are cutting the price of their sports coverage to entice new viewers.
Last month Sky did away with the old Sky Sports 1,2, and 3 channels – instead launching 10 new dedicated sports channels, with the idea being that customers need only pay for the sports they were interested in.
This meant a cheaper dedicated football channel, with prices starting from £18 per month for the new season, and rivals BT Sport and Talk Talk have responded with offers of their own.
So far Bristol City have only one match selected for broadcast on Sky, but if the Robins' strong start to the season continues they could be one of the big draws for broadcasters later in the season.
So far, City's clash against Aston Villa at Ashton Gate on Friday, August 25 is set to be their first and only televised match of the season.
And any City fans wanting to watch the game who can't get down to the Gate may want to consider Talk Talk's latest deal, which allows customers to add Sky Sports for just £8.50 a month for 18 months – the cheapest price you can get for the broadcaster's Championship coverage.
The deal does not include Sky Sports News or Sky Sports Mix and is for non-HD channels only, and fans need to move fast as the offer ends August 17.
If you're not a Talk Talk customer but already get Sky, you could consider adding Sky Sports Football for just the months that City will be on, which could cost as little as £18 extra (or £10 extra if you have Sky Cinema).
Meanwhile BT Sport is hoping to tempt fans of European football by offering BT Sport channels free for 12 months for existing customers.
(Image: Joe Meredith/JMP)
The offer includes BT's 4K ‘ultra-high-definition' channels and covers Premier League and FA Cup games, as well as the Ashes series later in the year – which could be useful if the Robins embark on a cup run this year.
Why is there a price war?
With the start of the new football season broadcasters are increasingly under pressure to secure subscriptions.
Sky Sports and BT Sport have the rights to Premier League games but streaming services such as Kodi means many have moved away from traditional methods of watching.
New streaming services from the likes of Amazon and iFollow, which has a deal with the Football League to show matches abroad, are also putting the traditional broadcasters under pressure.
Pay-per-game services such as NowTV that allow access to Sky Sports for £6.99 per game have also increased the options available to fans.
Last month Sky launched ten new channels to offer fans a better choice. Football will get two channels, there will be individual channels for both cricket and golf while a further new channel called Sky Sports Arena will show other sports such as rugby and tennis.
Previously, new subscribers had to pay £49.50 for the cheapest sports package whereas the cheapest new package will be £18 - although the entire Sky Sports bundle will be considerably more expensive.
Equifax published a letter apologizing to the millions of people whose personal information was put at risk and promised access to a new free credit locking service, or "freeze", for life — but only to U.S. consumers. Equifax Canada said in an email that these services do not apply to Canadian consumers.
While 49 out of 50 U.S. states have a law stipulating that consumers must be able to put a credit "freeze" on their file, the action is not available in Canada, according to John Lawford, executive director of the Public Interest Advocacy Centre.
North of the border, the two credit data agencies — Equifax and TransUnion — are regulated by individual provinces and territories. Ontario became the first to put forward legislation to ensure consumers have the option to place an alert on their personal credit file in 2006. Manitoba followed suit in 2010 with a similar law.
Currently, Canadian consumers have the option to put a fraud alert on their files with both Equifax and TransUnion. When creditors see this warning on a consumer's file, they contact them before extending new credit, such as a loan or new credit card.
At Equifax Canada, there is no cost for a fraud alert and it will stay on the file for six years, according to its customer service line. The cost of a fraud alert at TransUnion is usually $5 plus tax, a spokesperson says, but it is currently available for free online. It too will remain on the file for six years.
Scott Hannah, the president and chief executive of Credit Counselling Canada, a nonprofit service for consumers, says a fraud alert, as well as requesting a copy of a personal credit file once a year and taking steps to protect your data should be sufficient. However, having instant access to their credit score and immediate alerts of suspicious activity may offer more peace of mind, he said.
"Maybe it takes away that worry, but does it provide an additional level of security for the individual? I don't know that it does. I think that you can do things on your own."
The Canadian Press
There are a lot of stores selling high fashion across the country today. But if you really want to immerse yourself in the world that India's premier designers like Tarun Tahiliani, Rohit Bal, Rajesh Pratap Singh, Rohit + Rahul, and their ilk come from, go to Ensemble.
Back in 1987, Tarun, Tina and Sal Tahiliani started a fashion movement when they opened the doors to Ensemble at Lions Gate in Bombay. The area was known for ships more than sherwanis and Indian fashion was nascent. That's when the Tahilianis dared to set up a multi-label luxury boutique to promote local designers and give them a platform to showcase their work – a more open time but so much more challenging.
Today, as it celebrates 30 years, Ensemble has emerged as more than just a store. It's a unique institution and one of the cornerstones of the Indian fashion industry. We look back at some of its defining menswear moments.
1 /6
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
6 best online shopping stores for men
6 menswear designers that have our attention
The only style event everyone is talking about
> More on Style & Fashion
LEXINGTON, Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft, while teammates Wenyen Gabriel and Jarred Vanderbilt have decided to turn pro.
Washington, who participated in the NBA combine, posted a video on his social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words "I'M BACK." The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds as a freshman.
Vanderbilt and Gabriel later announced they would stay in the draft after receiving positive feedback.
Injuries limited the 6-9 Vanderbilt to just 14 games, but he averaged a team-high 7.9 rebounds with 5.9 points per game as a freshman. He did not attend the combine but says in a release the input he received during the draft process confirmed "that my time is now."
© Maksim Blinov / Sputnik
Upon getting just 1.5 percent of votes in Sunday's presidential election, Ksenia Sobchak told RT that she did not intend to win, but rather "educate" Russian citizens, and went on to present a plan to unite all liberal opposition."Of course, this is not the result one can dream of, but I had entered the race not for the result's sake. I wanted to tell the people the truth on pro-Putin nationwide TV channels," Sobchak said in an interview with RT's Ilya Petrenko, soon after the end of the election."This was my goal - to do something so that the largest possible number of people learned the truth about the real situation in Russia. This goal has no relation whatsoever to the result of the vote," she said.However, when the interviewer pointed out that, Sobchak again said that the main objective was in educating the masses, in particular about the alleged connection between the "patriotic initiatives" of the current Russian government and living standards, which she described as declining.At the same time, she vowed not to give up trying to lure Navalny into a liberal coalition as this is, in her words, "vitally important."Sobchak declined to comment on the fairness of the election, saying that she and her allies needed more time to look into all the complaints, but she also said that any realist would acknowledge that the majority of Russians really want Vladimir Putin as their president.
By The Associated Press
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korean prosecutors said Monday the daughter of the confidante of disgraced President Park Geun-hye has been arrested in Denmark and authorities are working to get her returned home in connection with a huge corruption scandal.
Park was impeached last month by lawmakers amid public fury over prosecutors' allegations that the president conspired to allow her longtime friend, Choi Soon-sil, to extort companies and control the government.
Denmark police arrested Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra, on the weekend on charges of staying their illegally.
South Korea had asked Interpol to search for Chung because she didn't return home to answer questions about the scandal.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that Chung, a former member of the national equestrian team, allegedly took advantage of her mother's relationship with Park to get unwarranted favors from Seoul's Ewha Womans University.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, he says. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
Interest Rate Rise Unsettles Stock Investors; Dow Falls 425 Points
Enlarge this image toggle caption Richard Drew/AP Richard Drew/AP
Interest rates reached a milestone Tuesday and the stock market frowned.
Tuesday morning, for the first time in four years, the rate on the 10-year U.S. government note topped 3 percent. The bond market move contributed to a sharp sell-off in stocks, as investors wondered whether the long-running bull market might be at a pivot point.
The Dow Jones industrial average swung more than 750 points in the trading day. The key stock index closed down 425 points, or about 1.7 percent. The S&P 500 index lost 1.3 percent for the day.
The rate on the benchmark Treasury note is a key metric in determining many consumer and business interest rates. For instance, the recent rise in the 10-year government yields has coincided with an uptick in 30-year-mortgage rates.
Loading...
The 3 percent rate level sends a number of crosscurrents through the financial markets, both positive and negative.
The rate increase is partly a response to swelling government debt and to rising commodity prices, including oil, which puts upward pressure on inflation, says Brad McMillan, the chief investment officer at Commonwealth Financial Network.
The rate move also gives stock investors worries that the higher yields make bonds a more attractive investment, undermining stock prices, he says. "So investors who might have gone into stocks to try and get their target return now have the choice of going into bonds," McMillan says.
But he says the increase in interest rates back toward more normal levels also suggests investors have more confidence the economy is likely to continue to grow for some time.
"In many respects the fact that interest rates are now moving back into a normal range is not a sign of trouble. It's a sign of success," McMillan says. "I mean, this is exactly where we've wanted to get to since the [financial] crisis — back to a more normal environment."
Even with the 10-year note's move to the 3 percent level, interest rates remain historically low for this point in an economic expansion.
The Federal Reserve has been trying to move rates higher. But the effort has been slowed by stubbornly quiescent inflation, which has remained below the central bank's target level. The higher 10-year yield suggests inflation may be finally headed toward the Fed's target.
This growth in branded apparel for women is coming from “increasing artificial obsolescence” as consumers demand newer designs, colours and trends in the clothes that they buy, Avendus said in its repor. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint.
Mumbai: Women's branded apparel market is set to overtake men's apparel segment in size by 2025, growing at 11% compounded annual growth rate (CAGR).
India is among the few large economies whose apparel market is dominated by menswear as of now.
A report by financial services firm Avendus Capital, titled “Women's Apparel: Landscape in India”, said that women's apparel is set to be the fastest growing segment of India's apparel market, growing from Rs99,300 crore in 2015 to Rs 2.77 trillion in 2025, making nearly 40% of the market. Branded clothing, which was only 26% of the total women's apparel market in 2015, will comprise nearly 40% by 2025, the report said.
This growth in branded apparel for women is coming from “increasing artificial obsolescence” as consumers demand newer designs, colours and trends in the clothes that they buy, Avendus said in its report.
This has rapidly changed how women identify brands and maintain loyalty with them, the report said. “Brand association is more with design language today (and) style and design are the top considerations,” the report said, citing data from RedSeer Market research and consulting firm AT Kearney, which showed that most consumers counted style and design as their top or second consideration while shopping for clothes.
This has led brands to focus on “higher design proliferation” by offering more colours and designs in their portfolio than before, and sharply positioning their brand. For instance, Fabindia Overseas Pvt. Ltd, India's largest single brand apparel retailer, offers over 600 designs and more than 30 colours, while global fast fashion giant Zara offers 322 designs and 15 colours, the report found.
“If you want to create a brand, you need to have a clear positioning,” said Abha Agarwal, director at Avendus Capital. “There are brands that have a design team but who are there to buy (designs) rather than to design. But if you want to grow beyond Rs40-50 crore in size, you will need to focus on your design,” said Agarwal.
Avendus's report estimates that as brands focus on more complex designs to cater to a demand for rapidly changing trends, 70-80% of garment costs will come from the design choices a brand makes. This will also mean more inventory piled up as trends change—nearly 20% unsold every season—and more discount sales to get rid of it.
“Brands will have to carefully calibrate their throughput and their inventories to control costs,” Agarwal said. “Manufacturing (apparel) is all about good execution and that can be outsourced with the right kind of supervision,” she said. This can help new growing brands control costs and focus more on their designs and brand positioning.
However, distribution will become another major cost for such brands as it becomes imperative for them to reach out to all major channels, Agarwal said. “Online (e-commerce) has become easier channel for smaller brands to grow, but anyone who wants to grow beyond a Rs40-50 crore size will have to focus on EBO (exclusive brand outlet),” she said. EBOs are a network of physical stores that exclusively sell one brand. These are relatively more expensive than multi-brand outlets where more than one brand is sold and concepts such as shop-in-shops (space dedicated to one brand) can help reduce rental cost.
Despite mounting costs, Agarwal said it is better for brands to focus on strong design and setting up EBOs if they are looking for long-term growth. All major private equity deals in the apparel space in India in 2015 and 2016 involved companies with high design complexity in their products, the report said. These include L Capital's stake sale in Fabindia to Premji Invest for $110 million in November last year and TA Associates' acquisition of stake in TCNS Clothing Co. Ltd (that owns women's brands W and Aurelia) for $140 million in August last year.
“A major portion of deals involving private investments or exits have been associated with companies having high fashion content as compared to core or regular clothing,” the report said.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Kevin Durant scored 13 of his 33 points in the second quarter and matched his season-high with six 3-pointers, and the Golden State Warriors held on to beat the Sacramento Kings 119-104 on Friday night.
Three nights after getting blown out in Utah while suffering their worst loss of the season, the defending NBA champs looked a little sluggish early before pulling away to even the season series with Sacramento and give coach Steve Kerr his 248th career victory.
Golden State also improved to 11-0 in games following losses while spoiling Sacramento coach Dave Joeger's return to the bench.
It wasn't easy keeping that streak going.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ginuwine and Ashley James got caught in the same hotel room last night when the Pony star let slip they were together during a radio show phone-inn.
The evicted Celebrity Big Brother housemates, who insist they are just friends, teased viewers during their time in the house with their flirtatious exchanges and bedroom behaviour.
And Ginuwine gave the game away when he rang in to FUBAR Radio last night only to reveal Ashley was with him.
Speaking to show hosts Lizzie Cundy and Stephen Leng, the US singer was quizzed about his intentions with the ex-Made In Chelsea star.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"Um… I don't know!" he protested when asked whether he'd invited Ashley to the States yet.
"We've just been talking and we're just trying to make sure it's something we can talk about. We're going to be friends first," he said.
"Any relationship that you have you should be friends first."
He then slipped up by telling the presenters he had a surprise for them - and promptly passed the phone to Ashley.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
The reality babe tried to brush off the significance of being in her new beau's hotel room, telling Lizzie and Stephen: "We're just trying to spend time together."
When asked whether they were enjoying a private pyjama party, she insisted there was nothing untoward going on.
"No, we were in the Big Brother house last night," she replied.
(Image: Channel 5)
"We're just hanging out. It's nice because he's my friend anyway, you know? We had such a good time in the house. He was just like a rock."
The Celebrity Big Brother finale starts tonight at 9pm on Channel 5 and will see fans' favourite Ann Widdecombe battle it out with Shane Jenek , Shane Lynch, Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep to be crowned the winner.
Nine victims are hospitalized with serious injuries after a 30-year-old man went on a stabbing spree through a Boise apartment complex off State Street.
Scroll for more content...
Boise Police Chief Bill Bones says the call came in at 8:46 p.m. and officers arrived in the area of W. State Street and Wylie Lane within four minutes.
Officers quickly located the suspect who was taken into custody. His identity has not yet been released.
Chief Bones says multiple victims are refugees who live in the apartment complex. The age range of victims varies greatly.
The scene is secure. Residents are to stay out of the area.
Police have not yet made public any connection between the attacker and the victims. Details are also limited on the type of knife used in the attack.
Boise Police are expected to release the suspect's identity Sunday.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Buffalo Bills director of training operations Bud Carpenter is retiring after 33 seasons with the team.
Carpenter was among the team's longest serving active employees. He spent 21 seasons as the Bills' head athletic trainer before being promoted to the director's role in 2016.
Under Carpenter, the Bills were named as the NFL's 2014 athletic training staff of the year by the Pro Football Athletic Trainers Society and the Ed Block Courage Award Foundation.
Carpenter and his staff were also credited for acting swiftly in their treatment of tight end Kevin Everett after the player sustained a serious spinal cord injury while covering a kickoff during Buffalo's 2007 season opener against Denver.
New Delhi: An oil tanker with 22 Indians onboard is presumably missing off the coast of Benin in the Gulf of Guinea. Indian authorities based in Nigeria have sought the country's help in locating the missing oil tanker.
"A merchant vessel Marine Express (oil tanker), owned by Mumbai-based Anglo-Eastern shipping company with 22 Indian nationals onboard, is presumably missing off the coast of Benin in the Gulf of Guinea," Ministry of External Affairs tweeted.
"Our mission in Abuja (Nigeria) is in touch with the authorities in Benin and Nigeria for their help in locating the ship and is constantly monitoring the situation. A 24-hour helpline number set up by the Embassy for information on those missing is +234-9070343860," the MEA said another tweet.
A merchant vessel Marine Express (oil tanker), owned by Mumbai-based Anglo Eastern shipping company with 22 Indian nationals onboard, is presumably missing off the coast of Benin in the Gulf of Guinea. — Raveesh Kumar (@MEAIndia) February 3, 2018
Our Mission in Abuja (Nigeria) is in touch with the authorities in Benin and Nigeria for their help in locating the ship and is constantly monitoring the situation. A 24-hour helpline number set up by the Embassy for information on those missing is +234-9070343860 — Raveesh Kumar (@MEAIndia) February 3, 2018
The owners of the tanker, which was loaded with gas oil, have urged the Directorate General of Shipping in Mumbai to get in touch with their counterparts in Nigeria and Benin to carry out search operations for the merchant ship.
We regret that contact has been lost with the AE-managed MT Marine Express while at Cotonou, Benin. Last contact was at 03:30 UTC, Feb 1. Authorities have been alerted and are responding. Our top priority is the safety of the crew, whose families have been contacted. Updates TBA. — Anglo-Eastern (@angloeasterngrp) February 2, 2018
According to reports, MT Marine Express carrying 13,500 tonnes of gasoline vanished from West Africa and a possibility of hijack is high.
Meanwhile, Nigerian authorities have alerted all boats to look out for the missing tanker ship and if sighted to report to the International Maritime Bureau (IMB) Anti-Piracy Reporting Centre immediately in London.
(With ANI inputs)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jo Whiley has urged listeners to let her “bed in” after her new Radio 2 drivetime show with Simon Mayo was branded a disaster.
Some 20,000 fans signed petitions for the BBC to revert to the old format with just Mayo.
But Jo, 52, said: “A new show needs to bed in. You have to give a showtime. You can't cast judgment on the first listen. It's been six weeks. The show is going all right. I'm enjoying it.
“Obviously it's nerve-racking when you begin something. We haven't done a show before so you have to work out who speaks when, how the other reacts.”
(Image: WENN.com)
Speaking at the RHS Royal Hampton Court Palace Flower Show, which she is co-presenting this week with Joe Swift on BBC2, Jo also shrugged off claims that she and Mayo, 59, have no chemistry.
Jo said: “I've known Simon for ever, we both worked on Radio 1 and our kids are the same ages so we used to hang out and go on holiday.”
Mayo had hosted the drivetime slot since 2010 and had more than six million listeners. The BBC admitted some listeners are “unhappy with the changes”.
Whiley is the first woman to present a primetime weekday show on Radio 2 for 20 years. As part of the shake-up at the BBC, Sara Cox and Cerys Matthews have also been handed new Radio 2 shows
Sen. Dan Sullivan Outlines The Current State Of The Iran Nuclear Deal NPR's Robert Siegel talks to Republican Sen. Dan Sullivan from Alaska about what Congress will do if President Trump decides to decertify the Iran Deal.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang could miss his Arsenal debut because of illness.
Arsenal's new £56million record signing has had a fever this week and Arsene Wenger admitted he may not be fit enough to start against Everton.
That will give Alexandre Lacazette a reprieve up front as he looks set to lead the line but Wenger refused to give the France striker any assurances after Aubameyang's arrival.
Lacazette was Arsenal's record signing last summer for £52m but now finds his place under threat following Aubameyang's move from Borussia Dortmund.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
Gunners boss Wenger, who confirmed Henrikh Mkhitaryan will start against Everton, said: “Aubameyang was sick as well so we have to assess him today.
“Certainly Mkhitaryan will start. That's a possibility, yes. Aubameyang, I have to assess how he is physically today and how well he feels.
“He had sickness, a fever. He couldn't train a lot, he started yesterday. He was still not completely well so I have to assess and see with the medical department how well and how fit he can be.
“I don't reassure people because I think we are in a competitive world. We have all chosen a job that is about competition and you have to fight for your place.
(Image: AMA/Getty)
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
“You have to show them respect, and that you rate the players but as well they have to accept that we live in a competitive world.
“We can play two up [top], or one [up]. On the other hand you forget that we lose three strikers: Walcott, Sanchez and Giroud. So you should be in a position where you can understand why I brought at least one in.
“It suggests you need at least two top strikers in the Premier League, because if one is injured then you have a problem.”
(Image: Stu Forster)
Wenger also claimed Mesut Ozil signing a new deal - his £350,000-a-week three year contract - is a massive boost for the club and their prospects this season.
“It is, because many predicted that he will not commit and not sign for us,” said Wenger. “Overall it's good news for us.
“When you look at the transfer market today, the fact that you can keep a player of that calibre is of course good news. The fact that he committed for a longer period shows as well that he will have to do that as well on the pitch and lead the team.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Wenger admitted they did try to get a defender across the line late in the window with West Brom's Jonny Evans their No1 target.
But Arsenal never got close to doing a deal on deadline day and Wenger admits they will have to solve their defensive problems themselves.
(Image: PA)
Wenger added: “I already talked about that and I believe we have to find an internal solution to our defensive problems, and that means everyone putting more effort in. But overall I am happy with the way things went in the transfer market.
“It is not a lack of effort, it is a lack of focus in vital moments of the game. Sometimes we do it well, and sometimes not.
“For example, at Swansea we had 75 per cent possession and you always think to attack, attack and you forget to defend when you lose the ball because you are so obsessed with wanting to win the game.
“It is always difficult to find the balance when you have so much of the ball. The league is divided in two now, 25-30 per cent possession and 70 per cent possession, there are two kinds of leagues - it is a 70:30 league now. The 70 per cent [teams] do not always win, they lose many games against the 30 [teams].”
Wenger has a doubt over Jack Wilshere because if illness but is hopeful he will be fit to face Everton.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rail fares have risen twice as much as wages since 2010 a report has uncovered - and they're set to hike a further 3.9% in January.
An analysis by the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) found that the cost of train tickets have risen by around 32% in eight years, while average weekly earnings have only grown by 16%.
The rises mean that a new nurse or police officer commuting from Chelmsford to London, where an annual season ticket would cost £4,000, would pay 20% of their salary on just travel, the union said.
The report comes as the Government is expected to announce another hike in the New Year following a 1.9% jump back in January.
The annual increase is linked to July's Retail Price Index (RPI) - a measure of inflation - which will be announced by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) on Tuesday - it's expected to be around 3.9%, which would mean the highest increase in fares since 2012.
Regulated fares make up almost half of all tickets and include season tickets and standard returns.
RMT general secretary Mick Cash said: "Government policy of suppressing workers' wages while at the same time presiding over corporate welfare on our privatised railway has resulted in a toxic combination of fare rises easily outstripping wages.
"The private operators and government say the rises are necessary to fund investment but the reality is that they are pocketing the profits while passengers are paying more for less, with rail engineering work being delayed or cancelled, skilled railway jobs being lost and staff cut on trains, stations and at ticket offices."
"Overcrowded and understaffed trains"
Fewer than half of passengers are satisfied with the value for money of train tickets, according to passenger watchdog Transport Focus.
A TUC report also showed that UK commuters spend up to six times as much of their salary on rail fares as other European passengers - yet described the service as "overcrowded and understaffed".
"This is grim news for commuters, who are facing another year of fare hikes," TUC general secretary Frances O'Grady said.
"Meanwhile it's pay day for private rail companies, whose owners gifted themselves nearly a quarter billion in dividends last year.
"Enough is enough. It's time for rail services to be publicly owned, saving money for passengers and taxpayers alike."
Shadow transport secretary Andy McDonald said the Government "simply can't justify allowing passengers to be ripped-off under privatised rail".
"It is outrageous that UK commuters pay over the odds in order to subsidise travel in France, Germany, Holland and Italy and generate huge profits for private train companies," he said.
A Department for Transport spokesman said: "The Government carefully monitors how rail fares and average earnings change, and keeps under review the way fare levels are calculated.
"We are investing in the biggest rail modernisation programme for over a century to improve services for passengers - providing faster and better trains with more seats."
What you can do about it
(Image: Mirrorpix)
1. Swap your station
How many stations can you commute from? Because there might be one a little further away that could be cheaper to travel from.
In fact, you might be able to make big savings cycling or getting a bus to a station that's further from home but closer to your destination or on a different line.
Exactly the same is true in reverse, is there a different station you can travel to near work? Adding a 10 minute walk to the end of your commute might – again – produce big savings.
What about methods of travel? Can you get the train for longer, and the underground or tram for less distance? Would going backwards a stop or two put you on a different line for the rest of the journey?
2. Ditch the train
Do you have to get the train to work every day? If you live within a few miles of the office, catching the bus, tram, cycling or even running might be an option for you.
It might be slower, and more subject to traffic, than the train or tube, but a bus season ticket can save you a lot.
Bus and tram journeys in London – for example – cost £1.50 each and no more than £21.20 a week if you're paying with Oyster or contactless. Compare that to £32.40 for the cheapest weekly travelcard including Zone 1.
An annual bus pass will save you at least £448 on the price of an annual travel card that includes Zone 1 and possibly as much as £3,164.
Cycling, by contrast, can prove quicker than trains and the tube – as it lets you go direct door-to-office eliminating any walking time to and from stations.
A decent bike costs less than £400 new , or can be picked up second hand for less than £100 . You might also be able to get it with a big discount, and spread the cost interest-free, by using a Cycle-to-work scheme from your employer.
3. Split your journey
(Image: EyeEm)
One of the best ways to save on fares is to split up your ticket.
Because of the incredibly complex way fares are calculated, it can be cheaper to buy two or three tickets covering parts of the same trip as one for the whole journey.
For example, it can be cheaper to book a ticket from Liverpool to Crewe, then Crewe to London, than to simply buy a ticket from Liverpool to London.
It's perfectly legal as long as the train you're on stops at the stations you've bought tickets from. You can use a split ticket calculator to see if you can make savings.
Confused? We've got a complete guide on TrainSplit here , or you can see a breakdown on Raileasy.co.uk .
4. Sign up for 25% off your next journey
Register with the main ticket retailers for exclusive discounts, sales news and vouchers straight to your inbox.
London Midland often sends members 25% off vouchers. Virgin Trains also offers a free cup of tea as well as a few quid off your next journey. It's also worth getting on TheTrainline.com's mailing list too.
5. Virgin Trains: Tickets from £7.50
(Image: Getty)
If you know the date and time you'll be travelling well ahead, book in advance using Virgin Trains' 'Ticket Offers' tool and you can get peak single fares to Manchester, Birmingham and more from £7.50.
You can book up to 24-hours in advance, but tickets sell out fast, especially peak ones. The best advice is to book around 12-weeks-6-months early. Ticket times vary from 6am - midnight.
6. Register with a cashback site
Join a cashback website like TopCashback or Quidco and you can earn money every time you book a ticket online.
Both sites also regularly offer free bonus travel incentives, like this £10 to spend at thetrainline.com deal . You can keep an eye on all of these deals on our offers page.
7. Avoid automated ticket machines
Most in-station ticket machines do not advertise discounted or group tickets , and can therefore work out a lot more expensive, compared to buying in advance, over the counter or online the night before. Avoid this at all costs. If you've left it last minute, buy over-the-counter.
8. Book at the right time
Ticket retailers release a handful of cheap seats for each journey around 12-weeks before the date of travel, and these can save you as much as 80% – that's around £100 off the price of a London to Edinburgh ticket.
If you can't book 12-weeks in advance, you can still make big savings by booking even just a week early, so if you have any trips pencilled in your diary, check now .
9. Do you own a Nectar Card?
Nectar Cards work on Virgin Trains and First Great Western – meaning you can get a bit extra back at no cost.
If you book train tickets often, you can rack up money back in the form of points.
10. Are you eligible for a railcard discount?
Before you book, check to see if you're eligible for any discount railcards.
These are available for anyone under 26, over 60, disabled or with a family (discounts only if you travel with at least one child), and cost around £30 for a year. A Two-Together railcard will also save you and a friend/partner a 1/3 of your journey.
Railcards apply to all UK Standard and First Class Anytime, Off-Peak and Advanced fares (although only after 9:30 in the morning on weekdays).
11. Consider a season ticket
If you're a commuter, it may be worth investing in a season (monthly or annual) ticket, rather than paying daily, or weekly.
For example, if you're travelling from London to Birmingham and back every day, a monthly ticket may be cheaper than a weekly one:
-File Photo
ISLAMABAD: Anti-Terrorism Court (ATC) has rejected the petition filed by PTI Chairman Imran Khan to remove terrorism charges against him in Parliament and PTV attack case.
During the course of proceedings on Monday, the court summoned Imran Khan to appear on the next hearing on 19th of this month.
The court extended his bail till that period.
MESA, Ariz. (AP) — Jake Arrieta is hopeful of receiving a contract extension with the Chicago Cubs before he hits free agency after this season, yet he also realizes this could be his final year with the club if talks don't materialize.
The ace right-hander and 2015 NL Cy Young Award winner landed a one-year deal for $15,637,500 last month. As the reigning World Series champions geared up for the first pitchers and catchers workout, Arrieta insisted Wednesday that his future isn't going to be something he allows being a distraction at the start of spring training.
Arrieta says, “I don't want to see that time come to an end, my time as a Cub.”
He came to the Cubs in a trade from Baltimore in 2013 and helped them end a 108-year championship drought.
You could almost hear the collective sigh from Southington Republicans when the hearing officer released her recommendations to the Freedom of Information Commission in Hartford on Jan. 19. The local GOP, in the midst of a mass exodus, probably needed a bit of good news.
The FOI complaint centered around a meeting of Town Councilors that took place before the last election. A well-known local Democrat charged that a GOP election campaign caucus turned into an “illegal meeting” when a Democrat councilor was telephoned about the Columbus statue controversy. It didn't help that all the people involved were also at the center of a highly-charged, politically controversial promotion/appointment of a high-level town official.
Click here for copy of the report: FOI Report – FIC 2017-0469
The hearing officer found, after looking at the evidence, that the “illegal” meeting allegations were unproven. She determined that the Democrat was not physically at the caucus and discounted charges about the phone call to the Democrat. The proof of the call was an article in a local newspaper (not The Observer) that claimed she was called in about the “the Christopher Columbus statue over which there was some dispute in the minds of some people in the town.”
The “meeting” was determined to be a “caucus” based on the facts and proof presented, and that recommendation was forwarded to the FOI Commission. This was a big win for town Republicans, who really needed a big win.
There is definitely some truth in Mike Riccio's assessment of the situation. Riccio, one of the Republicans named in the complaint, said the charges were politically-motivated before a town election. He called it “dirty politics” and pointed at local Democrats because the last ethics and FOI complaints were lodged during election cycles. On the other hand, ethics complaints are always politically motivated because nobody likes to point fingers at their own party until things devolve into a crisis, impasse, or mass exodus.
We think that, lost in this whole discussion, is a bigger issue about ethics, openness, and expectations that residents should expect from town officials. It's between the lines in the FOI complaint. Why was it believable that Republicans called a Democrat at the caucus meeting when talk turned to the Columbus statue? Because the Democrat (along with a Republican at the caucus) were the ones spearheading the Columbus statue controversy even though they were members of the group that was proposing the project.
So much of the rumor, innuendo, and complaints could have been avoided if these councilors distanced themselves from any discussions about the Columbus controversy rather than leading the talks. It's an important lesson for everyone.
Southington's code of ethics says that any town official that has a “private financial or personal interest” in an issue must disclose the true nature and extent of such interest on the written record. Then they must refrain from any comment or vote on the matter and physically remove themselves from the panel until the matter has been dispensed. It would be great if ethics were considered before, not after, a discussion or vote.
We are in an era when town officials will have to make a lot of tough decisions. The town's already discussing budget cuts and opening hard discussions that could lead to cutting teachers or municipal jobs. Because of the nature of these discussions, they will polarize people on both sides. It becomes even more important that officials think carefully before they vote—or even enter conversations—about staffing or anything else if they have skin in the game.
As long as they disclose, abstain, and leave the discussions, there will be no fuel for finger pointers after the fact.
To read Southington's Code of Ethics, visit: www.ecode360.com/27540774
To comment on this story or to contact Southington Observer editor John Goralski, email him at JGoralski@SouthingtonObserver.com.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Several people who hung a banner from the Statue of Liberty's pedestal calling for abolishing the federal government's chief immigration enforcement agency were arrested on July Fourth shortly before a person scaled the statue's base, forcing its evacuation.
About 100 feet (30 meters) aboveground, the climber alternately sat and lay by the bottom edge of the statue's robes for more than two hours on Wednesday, news helicopter video showed. Police, standing on a ladder and a ledge nearby, tried to talk the climber into descending.
The climber made about a 25-foot (8-meter) ascent from the monument's observation point, National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis said. Visitors were forced to leave Liberty Island hours before its normal 6:15 p.m. closing time, he said.
Earlier and farther below, at least six people were taken into custody after unfurling a banner that read "Abolish I.C.E.," Willis said. The message referred to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a part of the Department of Homeland Security. ICE officers arrest and deport immigrants who are in the United States illegally, among other duties.
Willis said federal regulations prohibit hanging banners from the monument.
The activist group behind the banner, Rise and Resist, tweeted that the climber wasn't connected to its demonstration and expressed concern for the climber's safety.
The New York-based group opposes President Donald Trump's administration and advocates ending deportations and family separations at the U.S.-Mexico border.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the president's immigration policy is a step forward for public safety.
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday's Breaking News alerts in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Under Trump's zero-tolerance policy, the government has begun requiring border agents to arrest and prosecute anyone caught entering the country illegally. That resulted in more than 2,000 children being separated from their parents within six weeks this spring.
Under public pressure, Trump later halted his policy of taking children from their detained parents. A federal judge in California ordered the Trump administration late last month to reunite the more than 2,000 children with their parents in 30 days, or 14 days in the case of those under age 5.
"Abolish ICE" has become a rallying cry at some protests around the country and for some prominent Democratic officials seeking to boost their progressive credentials.
Trump said on Twitter last week that abolishing ICE will "never happen!"
Protests and evacuations at the Statue of Liberty are rare but not unheard of.
Last February, someone hung a banner reading "Refugees Welcome" from the observation deck. The sign was taken down about an hour after being discovered.
A year earlier, a West Virginia man with psychological problems was sentenced to time served after calling in a bomb threat. His call forced the evacuation of Liberty Island, sending 3,200 people on boats back to lower Manhattan and New Jersey.
The statue, a gift from France, was dedicated in 1886. It became a welcoming symbol for immigrants and refugees coming to the U.S.
Legacy Fighting Alliance returns to Southern California for LFA 30 on January 12th, 2018 in Costa Mesa, CA.
LFA 30 – Millender vs. Barnes is set to be headlined by a welterweight clash between Southern California based fighters and Bellator veterans as Curtis Millender is scheduled to face Nick Barnes.
Fighting out of Anaheim, Curtis Millender (MMA Record: 13-3) will go into this fight on a fight fight winning streak. During the streak, Millender won championships in local MMA promotions California Xtreme Fighting and Fight Club OC. Millender's upcoming bout at LFA 30 will also mark the third straight LFA main event fight for Millender after defeating Kevin Holland at LFA 13 in February, and Matthew Frincu at LFA 24 in October.
His opponent, Wyoming born and San Diego based Nick Barnes (MMA Record: 12-2) will also be in his third straight headlining bout. In his previous bout, Barnes defeated Chad Curry at LFA 20 in August. Barnes will be going into this bout having won three of his last four fights.
LFA 30 – Millender vs. Barnes takes place at the OC Fair & Event Center in Costa Mesa, CA on January 12th, 2018. LFA 30 will air live on AXS TV at 6 PM PST. Tickets will be available at CageTix.com.
Stay tuned to SoCalUncensored.com for news and updates.
New Delhi: Virat Kohli might be one of the most inspirational names, not just in cricket but in sports overall, but the Indian Test captain admits being seeking inspiration from none other than on of the best footballers of all time, Cristiano Ronaldo.
With 1215 runs in Tests and over 2500 plus runs across all formats in 2016, Virat has been experiencing best of his form and he feels he understands his game a lot better than he used to.
"It can be put down to understanding my game a lot better than I used to. Being happy with the ability I have, the sort of drawbacks that I have. I understand my flaws and strengths nicely," Kohli told ecb.Co.Uk during an interaction.
"It's also about finding the right balance. People talk about not having flaws and it's wrong. Everyone has flaws and consistency is nothing but overcoming those flaws and finding the ability to score runs in Test format, especially which I wanted to find within my game. I feel in happy space knowing exactly where my game is going," said the dashing batsman.
Kohli held special praise for Ronaldo's work ethic, which is something that the Indian batsman wants to emulate.
"I take a lot of inspiration from Cristiano Ronaldo. The way he has stayed on top for so many years, it's nothing but down to hard work. I have heard he is the most hardworking footballer in the world and that's why he is where he is. Messi is a freak (genius) but this guy (Ronaldo) is giving him run for his money because of his hard work," Kohli opined.
Kohli said that pressure of performance is something that he has embraced as one can't run away from it.
"It's about how you perceive that situation. It's very similar when you go out to bat. Either you see four slips standing at the back or you see the boundaries only.
"The external pressure, I have started enjoying it rather than running away from it because if I run away from it, it may come back to hound me and catch me and put me down to a level that I can't imagine. So I have to take it along with me and find a way to deal with it."
(With PTI inputs)
In a few months, AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape. It was 20 years ago that "AIM" went online. It quickly exploded in popularity, peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors.
For many of us, AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems, the sound of a "handshake" and the phrase "You've Got Mail."
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," says Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year.
On Twitter, a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM's demise, people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised.
"You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists," Albers says. "In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us."
In fact, by 2001, AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide, but as Techcrunch.com writes:
"It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat and Facebook took over, while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $19 billion."
"We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997," AOL writes on the AIM help page. "Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
If you still have an AIM account, you can keep using it until December 15. After that, you will no longer be able to sign on.
The problem is that without strong evidence the drug works, there is no chance of the province funding it.
"There are times where people will try something even with a very slim hope or (doctors) might recommend something with a low likelihood of benefit," said Dr. Peter Ellis, division head of medical oncology at Juravinski Hospital and Cancer Centre. "But the problem is … you can't provide treatment that doesn't have clearly established value because there is a limit on what the system can afford. Those decisions have to be based around therapies that have established value."
Even when drugs are funded, there can be limits. Avastin, also known as bevacizumab, is covered for a maximum of 17 cycles when it is prescribed as a front line treatment. There is no way to get funding for more treatments no matter how the patient is faring.
"The decision on the maximum allowable treatment cycles is based on available clinical evidence and recommendations made by a review committee of oncology experts — called the pan-Canadian Oncology Drug Review or pCODR," says the Ministry of Health in a statement.
The reasoning is cold comfort to Heys, who was told in the same appointment in October that it was critical she keeps taking Avastin but that provincial funding had run out.
"The doctor told me how good I was doing and then the other one came in and said that the government wouldn't pay for it anymore," said Heyes. "He said there's nothing he can do about it. He just blindsided me with that."
To save money, she asked about taking the drug less often or switching to an OHIP-funded medication but she was told there were no other options.
"The doctor said, 'If you don't take it your cancer will be back within two months because you have an aggressive form,'" said her husband. After her last CT scan, the doctor "was all smiles. He said, 'This is working perfectly so we'll keep it up.'"
Heys was a customer service representative and her husband is a retired distribution manager. But both of their private insurers refused to pay for the drug citing a lack of evidence of the benefits of its long-term use.
The drugmaker, Roche Canada, gave the mother of three and grandmother of four a compassionate 20 per cent discount, but it still leaves the couple with a daunting bill of nearly $50,000 a year, which is more than their pensions.
So far, they have been charging the treatments to a line of credit.
"It just blows your mind," said her husband. "We've being going through life so well, we've saved and we've worked hard."
Now they're preparing for the possibility of selling their house.
"This is only a house," he says. "Her health comes first."
The entire Lamont family is also willing to sell their homes if that is what it takes to pay for the last-hope medication for the mom of two children, aged four and seven.
"She's an amazing mother and my backbone," said her husband of 13 years Victor Di Pelino, who worked as a meat cutter before Lamont was diagnosed in July 2016. "She's a happy-go-lucky person who loves life and her family."
Lamont had exhausted all treatments and been admitted to a palliative care ward when a doctor at Juravinski Hospital and Cancer Centre suggested OPDIVO, which is approved and provincially funded for melanoma, lung cancer and kidney cancer.
The drug, also known as nivolumab, is an immunotherapy which means it tries to use the immune system to fight the disease. It is not approved for ovarian cancer so it is not funded by the province and not covered by Lamont's private insurance from her job as a senior insurance underwriter.
The pharmaceutical company Bristol-Myers Squibb Canada is providing a compassionate 20 per cent discount. But the cost is still nearly $100,000 a year.
"They all say there is nothing they can do," said her brother Adam.
The family can't understand why there is absolutely nowhere to turn for help to pay for a drug that a leading oncologist says Lamont needs.
"When you say, 'No,' you are leaving a life in the balance," Di Pelino said. "It's, 'Go fend for yourself.'"
The scramble to pay for the drugs comes at a time when the families say they can least afford it.
"I don't have that real fight in me," said Heys. "I'm trying to put all my energy into being healthy."
jfrketich@thespec.com
905-526-3349 | @Jfrketich
A good birth story is an enduring piece of family lore that can be trotted out time and time again for birthdays, embarrassing wedding speeches and any given lull at holiday dinners.
Few are as good, though, as this: “Remember when we had twins born in separate YEARS?”
Obviously the possibility comes around every New Year, but this year at least three separate sets of twins came into this world with the honor.
Mazel tov to these families and their new little ones, whose birth dates will undoubtedly frustrate and confuse teachers and friends for years to come.
San Diego: Twin girls were born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women and Newborns in Kearny Mesa. The first made her appearance at 11:56 p.m. on December 31 and the second brought the highest drama by being born at exactly midnight on January 1st.
Atlanta: These twins were born at Northside Hospital Cherokee in Canton, Georgia. The first, a girl, was born at 11:20 p.m, the hospital told CNN. Her brother was born an hour later at 12:20 a.m. on New Year's Day.
Glendale, Arizona: Everett and Sawyer Shay were born at Banner Thunderbird Medical Center. Sawyer made a prompt entry at 11:50 p.m. on New Year's Eve, while Everett arrived at 12:01 a.m., making him the hospital's first baby born in 2017.
This birthday situation is pretty uncommon — last year, only one set of twins made the news for their unique 2015/2016 births, and that was also in San Diego.
However, we are seeing a rise in twin births in general, so New Year's is bound to be an interesting date for many moms and dads in the future.
Chrissy Teigen has joked that her unborn son is a "monster" who is sucking the life out of her.
The 32-year-old beauty already has 21-month-old daughter Luna with her spouse John Legend and, when speaking about her second pregnancy, quipped that the baby wants her dead.
She joked on Twitter: "This baby is sucking the life from me. Drinking my water, making me dry. Eating my food, making me hungry. Taking my health, making me sick. Why do we create these monsters they want us dead? (sic)."
However, she recently insisted that she actually loves being pregnant.
Chrissy said: "It's sick. People have all different types of pregnancies and I really prefer it. I think John prefers it. I'm happier. If anything, I'm just, like, a little bossier."
And she cannot wait to have a "mama's boy".
She said: "They say that boys just love their mamas, Luna is such a daddy's girl."
Meanwhile, the beauty admitted she's been craving many of the things pregnant women are told to avoid, including cold meats and alcohol.
She said: "I want a cold, Subway deli sandwich at all times. I would love a good margarita, like, a cold margarita."
To curb her cravings, Chrissy has turned to breakfast cereal with cold vanilla coconut milk, and though she's normally behind the home cooking in their household, she's letting her 39-year-old husband "take over", even though he isn't the quickest chef.
ADVERTISEMENT
When President Trump's administration decided to lob missiles at an airstrip controlled by Bashar al-Assad's government in Syria, the debate it generated in America was almost entirely ideological. Did the president have legal authority to do this? Was this a shift from his campaign's promise of an America First foreign policy? Would the president win the support of centrists who have lobbied for a more vigorous U.S. role in the Syrian civil war?
Even though the Syrian conflict puts the U.S. in the position of beating up a client of Russia, a rival nuclear superpower, little of the commentary seemed to take up the idea that the United States was sliding toward danger.
But now that the eyes of foreign policy experts are shifting toward the Korean peninsula, ideology is no longer top of mind. Safety is. Western mandarins fear that a miscalculation could mean catastrophe for U.S. allies like South Korea and Japan, or even the U.S. itself.
President Trump has said that if China will not do the work of leashing North Korea from testing more weapons and making more threats on its neighbors, than he will do it. Former Ambassador Chris Hill, who worked on North Korean issues in the 1990s, said that Trump was "trying to out-North Korean the North Koreans." U.S. ships sped toward the Korean peninsula, and Vice President Mike Pence warned, "North Korea would do well not to test his resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region." Pence added ominously that the "era of strategic patience is over." On the other side, leaders in Pyongyang are warning their people that nuclear war could break out "any moment." The whole tone is of jittery panic and brinksmanship.
Obviously, Donald Trump — or any president — is perfectly capable of doing something irresponsible. But there are strong reasons to believe the Korean situation will not spiral out of control, and that America's president will act wisely and responsibly.
The primary reason isn't about Trump himself, but the incredible restraint and caution of South Korea, which is unlikely to change. U.S. allies in Seoul have accepted incredible provocation from the North Korean government but have avoided war. In the 1960s, when North Korea concluded that it could not foment enough domestic dissent in the South to destroy the rival government, it attempted an assassination of South Korea's president. In 1987, a North Korean spy blew up a South Korean airplane in an attempt to destabilize the South Korean government ahead of the Seoul Olympics. Seoul has long shown remarkable resolve in avoiding a wider conflict with its neighbor.
This strategy of keeping peace even at a high cost has some long-term risks, but South Koreans have benefited from it for decades. Even if a U.S. president is feeling emboldened against North Korea's regime, he is unlikely to get approval and support from South Korea for doing so. And no one will advise the president to do something in the Korean peninsula against the wishes of an ally that otherwise shares some of the costs and burdens of U.S. policy.
In fact, no player in the region wants to see a major change from the status quo, even if it means putting up with obnoxious and provocative weapons tests, and hysterical rhetoric from the regime in Pyongyang. After all, the internal collapse of the North Korean government is the biggest danger to the region. Refugees from North Korea could quickly overwhelm South Korean society's ability to assimilate them. And the amount of disorder could quickly cause China to take a larger leading role in creating and maintaining a transitional government in Pyongyang. No one wants this.
The North Korean government's one real card is that it could potentially inflict massive damage on South Korea or Japan, even if the United States launched a quick and decisive attack meant to decapitate its government. But the explosive failure of its recent weapons test is a good reminder that North Korea's military capabilities are very difficult to judge and easy to exaggerate.
Trump may talk tough in the coming weeks, but the likeliest near-term result is not catastrophic war, or even a miscalculation that leads to crisis. At least not on the part of America and its regional allies. Japan, South Korea, China, and Trump's closest advisers will inform America's president of the limited upsides and substantial risks of a military engagement with Pyongyang. And the likeliest result of the rising tensions is the opening of new regional talks.
The world has been living with a brutal, hysterical regime in North Korea for decades. And it is resolving itself to continue living even if that regime has nuclear weapons.
GOING STRONG: Cancer survivor David Locke is looking forward to new challenges and a new career in the care sector after rebuilding his strength and health following treatment.
GOING STRONG: Cancer survivor David Locke is looking forward to new challenges and a new career in the care sector after rebuilding his strength and health following treatment. Nicole Zurcas
WITHOUT his cancer diagnosis, David Locke wouldn't have found the strength to follow a new passion.
One year ago he was given the shocking news he had breast cancer.
In a fierce battle for survival, he underwent surgery, 18 weeks of chemotherapy and 25 doses of radiation.
He had to resign from his 30-year position as parks and gardens worker with the council, but Mr Locke said this opened a new pathway for him.
"After 30 years if I wasn't going to make the move, I never would," Mr Locke said.
Building back his strength, Mr Locke is now looking to pursue a career in helping others facing a similar struggle.
"I'd really love to work with others going through cancer, or something in the disability or aged care sector," he said.
"I have friends in those lines of work and I really enjoy meeting their patients and seeing how much help they do."
After his treatment, Mr Locke could barley lift his arms and struggled to grasp everyday objects.
"I was so weak I would drop things the moment I had a hold of it. I was really scared at that point," he said.
Now he's lifting weights and almost has full range of motion back in his arms.
Cancer survivor David Locke credits resistance training for helping him regain his strength and dexterity after illness. Nicole Zurcas
Mr Locke credits WIRAC's Cancer Survivor Program for his progress.
The round beginning this week will be the gym's fourth offering of the free 12-week program and Mr Locke's second go.
WIRAC fitness and facilities manager Alex Cutmore said the program involved resistance-based training that had been proven as one of the most effective ways for survivors to improve muscle strength and bone density.
Mr Cutmore said the social aspect of the program was a huge bonus.
"Group training in general is a good bonding experience for people," he said.
"But when you put people together with shared experiences, it can be even more beneficial."
Anyone undergoing cancer treatment is welcome to sign up to the program at any stage during the 12-week period.
Psychology professor reflects on his career
Gavin Cosgrave
Special Correspondent
February 1, 2018
The following is an entry in a series called “Voices of Santa Clara,” which profiles noteworthy students and faculty. The Q & A is excerpted from the “Voices of Santa Clara” podcast.
Thomas Plante's many titles include Augustin Cardinal Bea S.J. University Professor at Santa Clara, Adjunct Clinical Professor of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University School of Medicine, licensed psychologist and owner of his own family vineyard. He has written 22 books, well over 200 journal articles and hundreds of blog posts about heath, spirituality, ethics, psychology for Psychology Today and the SCU Illuminate blog.
Gavin Cosgrave: How did you get involved in the reporting of sexual misconduct in the Catholic church?
Thomas Plante: That was interesting because I didn't go looking for it, it came to me. Back in the 80's before I came to Santa Clara as a professor, I was running a small private practice, and I had a priest friend who referred one of his clerics who had committed sexual misconduct. After I saw this person and did an evaluation, I got a call from the same person saying, “I think we have another one.”
Before you know it, one leads to two leads to three, and finally in the early 90's I started gathering research data and connecting with other people doing this type of work. In 1998, we held a conference here at Santa Clara, and we were doing a book project.
We had a press conference about how many clerics were abusing children, and only one person from the press came. We were so embarrassed that we were filling up the room with students and administrative assistants just to make the room look full.
Then all of a sudden, Boston happened in 2002 (the Boston Globe reported the story about the sexual misconduct of several Catholic priests) and everyone was interested. We said, “what took you so long?”
To tell you the truth, in the first six months of 2002, other than teach my classes, I did nothing but media. CNN, World News Tonight, PBS … that's all I did. I felt like I was getting shot out of a cannon in 2002.
GC: You've written over 20 books, 200 journal articles and hundreds of blog posts. How do you decide what to write about?
TP: Earlier in my career, I had to be practical to get my doctoral dissertation done and get a job. Much of the research I did was about health psychology and the aerobic benefits of exercise. It bought me a doctoral dissertation, an internship postdoc and a tenure track at Santa Clara. I was always a runner for health and fitness; my wife and I ran a 10-K for our first date.
Once I got tenure, I could do more things that I wanted. I've always been so involved in the Catholic church, and religion in general.
Secondly, I've always been interested in ethics. Back in the early 1990's when my grandfather encouraged me to go into education, he was a grocer. When he was in his 90's on his deathbed, on my last visit to him, he said, “Do three things for me. One, take care of my wife. Two, pray to the Virgin Mary. And three, always do the right thing.”
From that point on, I was very interested in ethics. I published a book called “Do the Right Thing,” which I dedicated to him. Finally, I do a lot on the health benefits of engagement with faith.
One project leads to another, and next thing you know, you're rocking and rolling. When you get excited about a topic or theme, it's easy to crank a lot of projects. I just handed in my 22nd book project last week, and I never thought that would happen.
GC: How do you decide whether a topic would make for a good book topic, journal article or blog post?
TP: You want to ask yourself, “Where is your impact?” I've had so many experiences where the impact today seems to be more on the blog side. For example, you can work really hard on a book project, you get a publisher, you're all happy about it, then you get a royalty check in the mail and realize, “Wow, not too many people bought this thing.”
I've been blogging for Psychology Today for eight years, and I've had the experience where I spend 90 minutes [on a blog post], I go to bed, then wake up and there's a call from CNN who wants to do an interview. Before the day's out, I had a half million hits, and I thought, “Wow, that's impact!”
GC: What steps can students take to live a happier life or get more compassion?
TP: The more that people give to others and be there for others, it lowers depression. Immersion trips, community-based learning and volunteering are good for you as well as for the community. If people feel needed and wanted, that really lifts them up.
Have a community of support. Know risk factors for depression and try to address them. We also have to be careful with social media. The research shows that the more time people spend on social media, they feel like crap because it looks like the whole world is happy and they're not.
GC: What is the biggest misconception that students have about ethics or happiness?
TP: There's all these books out there focused on looking at the self. How can I do more self-improvement for happiness? I think that's a rabbit-hole. The research doesn't ultimately support that.
What we know is that it's not about you, it's about us, it's about others.
Happiness is not found by the big prestigious job or fame and fortune, but rather it has something to do with being part of something greater than yourself, being part of a community, helping other people, having reasonable expectations.
So often Americans and young people are trying to capture happiness and they're going down the wrong path.
One book that does help is called “America the Anxious” by Ruth Whippman. I think it's a terrific, easy-to-read book that can give you a feel about how America has gone nutty for happiness.
To listen to the full interview, visit voicesofsantaclara.com or search “Voices of Santa Clara” on the iTunes Podcast App.
The Salisbury poisoning has exposed the hysteria of Britain's rulers.The speed with which Britain's political class has descended into jingoism and anti-foreigner hysteria in the wake of the poisoning of a former Russian spy in Salisbury has been extraordinary. In mere days, before we have proof of Russian state involvement, before we know the full facts of who was behind this attempted murder, virtually every section of our political and media elites was hollering for confrontation, demanding punishment of the Russian beast, and wailing, yet again, about the threat this warped eastern entity poses to Western stability and democracy.We are living through a desperate, hammed-up re-enactment of the Cold War era. 'Christ, I miss the Cold War', said Judi Dench's M in Casino Royale when one of her missions proved rather more complicated than she had expected. She could have been speaking for much of the 21st-century Western political establishment who, feeling all at sea, and bamboozled by a contrarian electorate that refuses to vote in the way they're meant to, seem to long to wrap themselves in the comfort blanket of old Cold War certainties from that era when the world was binary and our politicians didn't have to say much more than 'I hate the USSR' to win applause.telling us it is 'highly likely' the Russian state was behind this poisoning and that Britain will confront the evil east head-on over this matter.This is the magic dust of Cold War nostalgia.For many, it's not enough. Tory MPs and much of the right-wing press, gabbing in heated tones about Russian menace, Putin's warped plans to destabilise Europe, and other things that exist more in their heads than in the world of provable fact, have been egging May on to say more and do more. There must be confrontation, there must be sanctions, there must be no cuts to our military resources because, who knows, we may need to go to war, they say, madly. Fancying themselves as bit-part players in a John le Carré novel, these politicians and observers clearly relish the political and personal momentum, however fleeting and opportunistic it might be, that talking tough on Russia has provided them with. And it's not just the right.. The Guardian cares about British sovereignty now? Wonders will never cease.Such has been the fever pitch of anti-Russia sabre-rattling over the past couple of days thatWitness the response to Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn's sensible plea that we remain in a 'robust dialogue with Russia' rather than 'cutting off contact and letting the tensions and divisions get worse and potentially even more dangerous'.He has been branded 'disgusting' and 'disgraceful'. David Miliband compared him to Trump: in short, he's all but a Russia stooge. These attacks on Corbyn merely for saying we should speak robustly with Russia rather than get into a needless confrontation with it confirms thatthat our political class might feel united in opposition to. No questioning, no appeals for calm, can be tolerated by the moral beneficiaries of this anti-Russia hysteria and so they seek to shut such things down with slurs and accusations. 'What's wrong with you? Do you love Putin. Do you hate Britain?'Yet even Corbyn couldn't resist milking the anti-Russian moment.Now all the talk is of 'dirty Russian money'. Owen Jones at the Guardian went into full conspiracy-theory mode, accusing the Tories of being at the 'centre of a web spun by [the Russian regime]'. Sections of the supposedly radical left are engaging in borderline xenophobic, or at least paranoid, chatter about our politicians having been bought off by 'filthy' money from Moscow, rehabilitating the McCarthyite panic about Russians infiltrating our political systems. Corbynite Paul Mason even called on Theresa May to cancel all defence cuts because we cannot 'face down' the Russian threat if we are 'depleting our armed forces'.It looks likely to get worse.Moscow is summoning Britain's ambassadors for talks. Will it expel them? Will Britain expel Moscow's? Trump's Washington, keen to disprove the claims that it is in bed with the Kremlin, is getting involved, with Rex Tillerson asserting that the Russian state was probably behind the poisoning.And so international tensions intensify, in a way that could soon spin out of control. And on what evidence? None. Some experts believe it is unlikely the Russian state okayed the poisoning, given its amateurishness and pointlessness. They think it could have been a result of fallout between groups of former spies or possibly the action of the Russian mob. That is, non-state actors. Perhaps. Perhaps not. But can't we wait for more facts before we rush to judgement, and conflict? It seems not. You're a Putin apologist if you don't share their longing for the ramping up of global tensions.For nearly two years, Britain's political class and chattering class have looked with contempt upon ordinary British people, whom they accuse of being post-truth, nationalistic, xenophobic and nostalgic for Empire. Now, these same people sniff at the suggestion that we should wait for more evidence on the Salisbury poisoning, suddenly care about Britain's national integrity, engage in paranoid 'vulnerable Britain' vs 'evil Russia' hysteria, and want Britain to build up its military muscle to face down the Evil East. Everything they have said about us is far truer of them.is editor of Spiked.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A panicked driver reversed away from police as he tried to evade officers before he led them on a 90mph chase and parked on a railway line.
Jack Plews, 22, was told he could have killed someone as he raced along narrow streets, jumped red lights and drove the wrong way around a roundabout in a £130 Renault Clio.
He was jailed for 10 months and banned from driving for 17 months after he admitted dangerous driving, endangering the safety of railway passengers and driving without a licence or insurance.
Teesside Crown Court was shown clips of the 19-minute dashcam video in which Plews, of Thornaby, reversed away from police as he tried to avoid being arrested.
Officers were forced to drive at 90mph speeds as Plews led them on a chase around Norton and Stockton at around 1am on May 31.
(Image: Gazette Live)
(Image: Gazette Live)
He drove the wrong way around a roundabout, on the wrong side of the road, in the middle of the road and through red lights.
Plews finally drove on to railway tracks, on the Darlington to Stockton line, and parked there before he was snared by police, the Gazette Live reports .
Jailing him for his first offence, Judge Sean Morris said: “You're a thoroughly ordinarily decent young man, but young men in cars and police chases equals prison.
“When you get on the wing, you tell them that people who drive and flee away from police, this is what happens.
(Image: Gazette Live)
“And the young men of this area need to know, when the blue light comes on you stop, otherwise you go to prison.
“It's got to go out that anybody who flees from the police in this fashion goes away.”
“What you did on that night is put at risk the lives of people. You were hurtling down narrow streets in housing areas at ridiculous speeds.
“How do you know there wasn't some drunken party just finishing and a couple of teenage kids stumble in front of you? You'd have been up for manslaughter.
(Image: Gazette Live)
“You were putting at risk the police who were trying to stop you.
“They don't know you're of good character. They don't know you're just fleeing because you stupidly just bought the car.
“For all they know, you could have been a serious criminal with something to hide.
“There could have been all sorts of mayhem.
“You don't know if there's any freight trains at night hurtling down the line. You could have killed a train driver.”
(Image: Gazette Live)
Duncan McReddie, defending, asked the judge to pass a suspended sentence, saying Plews had risked others' lives and the life and career he had built for himself.
He said the groundworker bought the car for £130 to help his job prospects: “He goes out in it when he shouldn't.
"He sees the police. He panics and he runs. That's one aberrative act, hitherto unknown in the life of Jack Plews.
“He's truly sorry and truly remorseful. You won't see this young man again.”
Judge Morris said it was a “one-off” as he passed a reduced prison sentence as well as the driving ban.
Two years ago, at Mumbai Press Club's Red Ink Awards, two leading broadcast journalists were honoured. One was Arnab Goswami, then at Times Now, named as the impact editor of the year, recognizing his ability to attract the most eyeballs and keep them glued to his channel. And there was Prannoy Roy, who got the lifetime achievement award. Roy's network, NDTV, had brought a sense of urgency and immediacy to television news in the days when state-owned Doordarshan alone provided news, and much of what Doordarshan presented comprised visuals of ministers cutting ribbons and speaking to bored audiences.
In his speech, Roy decried the tabloidization of television news, pleading for greater seriousness. He was right to point out that treacherous trajectory. While the print media continued to register growth, the trend was inevitable: Indians would turn to broadcast media for news. Now WhatsApp forwards seem to be taking over from both! Unlike on his shows, Goswami's speech was measured and modest; he saluted Roy for his leadership, acknowledging how he started out at NDTV and learnt his early craft there.
The path Goswami has taken since, however, could hardly be more different. Goswami has turned boorish belligerence into a populist art form: His haranguing of his panellists, his relentlessly loud tone, and his clothing himself—metaphorically—in military fatigues or the national tricolour, have earned him the jingoistic support of an audience which wants to see gladiatorial fights, and not information. Goswami plays to that gallery astutely, transforming his news channel into something akin to entertainment, with a vicious, sharp edge.
Goswami pursues investigations with the zeal of a muckraker. Great investigative reports are where the journalist unravels or exposes what the state or someone powerful is hiding, and the journalist holds the state accountable for its dishonourable conduct, incompetence or complicity. Goswami is selective in his targets: He pursues Shashi Tharoor, the former minister, over the death of his wife even as authorities are investigating the death and Tharoor is cooperating with the investigation. Or he turns his camera on Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, who wants to express sympathy with farmers who have been shot dead, while sparing the state, whose security forces have killed the farmers. The priorities are warped—that is his choice. He knows his audience, and at a time of heightened, shrill nationalism, he believes he is playing a useful role. That shows sharp business sense, a keen understanding of the market; it does not mean it is journalism.
Roy, on the other hand, is caught in a complicated saga, where a loan he has settled with a private bank is now the subject of a criminal investigation by the state. There are also allegations of collusion involving a web of companies. It is nobody's case that crimes should not be investigated. But is this a case of an early retirement of a loan through mutual understanding between a private lender and a borrower, or is there fraud involved, as some of the network's critics allege? If it is the former, then the implications go beyond NDTV: It can stall commercial lending. When market conditions change, lenders often agree to ease the repayment terms for borrowers in distress—think of farmers or telcos seeking debt waivers or rescheduling. If bankers stay adamant, their non-performing assets may rise, weakening their balance sheets over time. But if NDTV's transactions with the web of companies has altered the network's effective ownership and if the regulatory authorities are not informed about it, then that is a separate matter for investigation by the appropriate authorities.
Roy is not an ordinary businessman; he runs a television network that the ruling party does not like, because NDTV is not fawning in its coverage of the government. During a live discussion on NDTV recently, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) spokesman Sambit Patra talked over another panellist, not letting him speak, and said NDTV had an agenda, at which point NDTV's anchor Nidhi Razdan politely—but firmly—asked him to leave the show unless he withdrew his allegation.
Nor can the BJP be happy about the Hindi anchor Ravish Kumar, who with his calm and deliberately inscrutable face and sardonic nuance raises pointed questions, which are bound to make the government uncomfortable. This, when other networks appear to be busy ingratiating themselves with the government, either by mobilizing public opinion through sensational hashtags, creating mock-ups of the Line of Control dividing India and Pakistan and wearing flak jackets while discussing fantasy military movements, with their anchors playing commanders, or tediously reporting how many dogs or cows love Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath. Journalists who don't fall in line are called unpatriotic, anti-national, even “presstitutes”. Last year, Scroll.in reporter Malini Subramaniam was forced to leave Chhattisgarh after vigilantes attacked her car and the police detained her landlord, who then asked her to vacate the property.
The law should take its course, but it is important to remember that in India, the process alone is the punishment. By keeping NDTV's promoters busy with the investigation, the network will get distracted, even if the network and its owners are separate, and its reporters will have fewer resources to pursue stories they should. With the cloud of a criminal inquiry over its promoters, prospective lenders will pause. Such are the subtle ways of curbing dissent.
Salil Tripathi is a writer based in London.
Comments are welcome at salil@livemint.com. Read Salil Tripathi's previous Mint columns at
www.livemint.com/saliltripathi
House Split On Immigration Might Be Good Politics For Some Moderate Republicans
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rich Pedroncelli/AP Rich Pedroncelli/AP
House Republican leaders are struggling to contain a growing split within their party over immigration policy. But for some vulnerable moderates breaking from some of the GOP's hardest-line proposals could be the key to avoiding defeat in November.
Californian Steve Knight is one of nearly two dozen House Republicans who have signed on to a petition to force the House to vote on immigration proposals as early as next month. The plan is to allow the House to vote on at least four bills, including a pathway to citizenship that many conservatives hate.
That plan frustrates House leaders who worry a messy fight on immigration will divide the party and boost Democrats' chances of winning control of the House in November. But Knight said Monday in an interview at a Memorial Day event in his home district that he is confident that it's better for him if they at least try to pass some immigration legislation.
"This is doing probably one of the hardest things in America that we've ever tried to do," Knight said. "I underhand that but I think we have the votes to get something done."
Knight said the best path forward is a bill to combine some measures for increased border security with legal protections for the roughly 800,000 people who stand to lose protections under Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA. He said he's heard from voters in his district and he's confident that is what they want.
"People have said that consistently," Knight said. "If I just don't listen then I'm not listening to the people in my district."
That position puts him at odds with many in his party, including House conservatives and President Trump.
Trump continues to lean into the same hard-line position on immigration that was his signature in 2016 — he wants a wall along the border with Mexico and broad crackdowns on illegal immigration. He told a crowd in Tennessee Tuesday night that Republicans need to be tough if they want to win.
"And you can say what you want, but I think border security and security in general is a great issue for the Republican Party," Trump said. "I think it's a great issue. Not a bad issue."
But Democrats and many moderates disagree. They say a majority of Americans oppose a wall, and point to polls like a recent ABC News/Washington Post survey that showed 86 percent of voters support the DACA program.
The issue is even more personal in California, a state that is home to nearly 30 percent of all DACA recipients.
That's part of why Knight is willing to risk angering party leaders. He represents one of the 23 districts that voted for Hillary Clinton in 2016 but voted for a Republican for Congress. Democrats believe Republicans are unpopular across the country and particularly here, in part because of issues like immigration.
But Democrats here haven't figured out the right way to campaign against a Republican like Knight. With less than a week to go before their June 5 primary, the two top Democrats are at odds over whether they should court progressives or stick to more moderate policies that could help them win votes from a wider range of voters. In California's system, all candidates — regardless of party — compete in the primary and the two top vote-getters advance to the general election in the fall.
Bryan Caforio is the most progressive of the Democrats running here and he says Knight's rogue move signing the immigration petition won't be enough to set him apart.
"It's a huge issue and frankly Steve Knight isn't doing anything on it," Caforio said while knocking on doors in the high desert city of Palmdale. "Signing a discharge petition, that probably won't go through when four bills will be put up anyway, some of which are horrible, is nothing but trying to confuse people into thinking he cares."
His opponent Katie Hill takes a more moderate approach. She's in line with party leaders in Washington who want to trade some border security money for DACA protections. She argues its the right way to win votes in this moderate suburban district.
"We are going to have to make sure that we've got the best possible chance of defeating him in the fall," Hill said in an interview at a canvassing kickoff last weekend in Simi Valley.
The two Democrats are at odds over more than just immigration in a race that has grown increasingly tense in recent weeks. Hill insists that her moderate approach is the only way Democrats stand a chance of beating Knight in November.
Recent analysis from The Cook Political Report ranked the seat as a toss-up that could trend more favorably for Democrats if she wins in the primary.
But, Knight says he isn't worried about facing one of them in November.
"This district has never flipped," Knight said.
The California Republican is confident that his position on immigration is right for his district. He said he knows immigration is a tough issue for Republicans but he says its not for him.
Plus, he says, voters have a lot more on their minds than just immigration.
"We got into Congress to work on military, veterans and small business," Knight said. "That's what we've done. They know that. The veterans know that. We've kept our word."
Bert Brionies, a Democrat here, agrees. He says he respects that Knight took his own route on immigration. Plus, he likes Knight's work on local issues.
Briones knows Democrats need to defeat Republicans like Knight to win control of the House. But, he trusts his congressman and he's planning to vote for him in November.
"I'm more in favor of Knight. He's been in office longer," he said. "I'd like to stay with the Democrats but if I see that someone has ideas that would favor my way of thinking then yea, I'd sway towards that."
Knight's split on immigration may infuriate Republican leaders but it could be the key to helping the GOP keep their House majority.
Saudi Arabia: The White House Loves It. Most Americans? Not So Much
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dan Kitwood/AP Dan Kitwood/AP
With Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman embarking on a nearly three-week road show across the United States, he will have one major hurdle: Americans don't like his country very much.
Despite a 75-year economic and military alliance with Saudi Arabia and regular royal visits, 55 percent of Americans have an unfavorable view of the kingdom, according to a Gallup poll in February.
Even longtime U.S. adversaries like China and Cuba have scored more favorably.
Crown Prince Mohammed is expected to be welcomed as a reformer when President Trump greets him at the White House on Tuesday. The 32-year-old prince recently expanded women's rights. This summer the kingdom lifts its ban on women driving. Women are also allowed to enter the military for the first time and can attend sporting and cultural events.
He's reined in the religious police who enforced strict rules of public behavior. Public cinemas will be licenses for the first time in decades.
But he's also raised concerns with brazen power moves that include detaining more than 300 businessmen, former ministers and high-ranking royals in a five-star hotel in the capital Riyadh. The Gulf nation's leaders described the wave of arrests in November 2017 as an anti-corruption purge, but for many international investors, it seemed more like a shakedown, as wealthy Saudi businessmen were pressured to negotiate secret settlements and hand over billions to get released or face public trials and personal ruin.
Crown Prince Mohammed has a backer in the White House. President Trump tweeted his approval of the anti-corruption campaign within hours of the arrests in Riyadh.
"I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing...." the president tweeted.
After the White House visit, the crown prince's schedule includes meetings in Silicon Valley, in Los Angeles with entertainment executives, oil industry leaders in Houston, captains of finance in New York and high-profile media interviews along the way.
The busy itinerary appears to be a charm offensive to reset American public opinion and woo U.S. investors. Saudi Arabia has a story to sell: a young, dynamic crown prince who claims to be dramatically reforming the kingdom. He will tell a skeptical American business community that Saudi Arabia is safe for investments and even open for tourism for the first time.
The Saudi and U.S. economies are significantly linked by "investment ties, energy markets, and a shared interest in the stability of the global economy," writes Karen Young, a resident scholar at Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington. For one, Saudi Arabia is the biggest international buyer of U.S. weapons.
It will be an uphill battle, says Frank Wisner, a retired U.S. diplomat and businessman.
"It's not an easy country to like," Wisner says. "The American mind simply rebels at the way Saudi women are treated, the way they execute criminals, the enforced religious doctrine," he says.
There are other issues that follow the prince to the United States. Members of Congress are urging the U.S. to stop supporting the Saudi war in Yemen, which has triggered a humanitarian crisis in the country.
For all the claims of reform, the prince hasn't talked about free speech or elected leadership. Dissident clerics and critics of the latest reforms have been jailed.
But the issues that color American public opinion come closer to home.
"It goes back to the 1980s, they [the Saudis] were perceived using their oil wealth to rip off Americans," explains Gerald Feierstein, director of Gulf affairs at the Middle East Institute in Washington and a former ambassador to Yemen.
"I see from the coverage that Saudi Arabia is a country that many liberal Americans ... [and] many liberal Westerners love to hate." says Bernard Haykel, professor of Near Eastern studies at Princeton University.
There have been serious low points in the relationship, like when Saudi Arabia imposed an oil embargo against the United states in the 1970s in retaliation for America's military support for Israel. More recently, last December, Saudi King Salman bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud condemned President Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Worst of all for some Americans, the Sept. 11 attacks still cast a long shadow over Saudi Arabia because 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals.
"There are still lots of people who look at the Saudis and think 9/11," says F. Gregory Gause, a professor of international affairs at Texas A&M. "Either they were behind it, for which there is no evidence, or they created the conditions."
For a long time there have been two things you could count on in relations between the United States and Saudi Arabia.
The country has been favored by American Presidents.
But it's unpopular with the American people.
"The White House is always friends with Saudi Arabia. It's largely because the things that the Saudis do that are good for American foreign policy are seen in the White House and very few other places." Says Gause.
"The things that the Saudis do that are good for American foreign policy are seen in the White House and very few other places. The Saudis just do things quietly," says Gause.
The Trump administration is rolling out the red carpet and cranking up the pomp for Crown Prince Mohammed.
It's payback for the Saudi royal welcome Trump received on his first foreign outing as president last summer. But this Saudi royal charm offensive has to reach out to a wider audience.
Crown Prince Mohammed's trip to American financial centers is part of his effort to woo Western investors to avert an economic disaster at home. Since oil prices collapsed in 2014, the Saudis are burning through billions in foreign reserves just to make ends meet. The government provides a generous system of entitlements to Saudi citizens that can only be maintained at ever-higher oil prices. It's an unsustainable a hurry, says Haykel.
"He has a short amount of time to change the economy or the country is headed for disaster," he says, adding that the crown prince has driven a Tesla, an electric car predicted to one day undermine the oil economy.
There are many hurdles ahead as Crown Prince Mohammed tries to deliver on his revolutionary agenda to transform his country at warp speed. It's also too soon to tell if he's simply rebranding Saudi Arabia or leading a reboot of the conservative kingdom.
"He's a different leader from everything that has come in the last 50 years. He has a vision," says Haykel. "He's young and charismatic," but Haykel adds that there is a downside to the breathtaking changes.
"People have pinned huge hopes on his ability to actually change the economy and reform society. Those hopes are very dangerous."
"He is certainly going to change Saudi Arabia," says Norman Roule, a retired intelligence officer who served with the CIA in the Middle East. "The Saudis are superb allies and we have to support them in this journey," Roule says, explaining he believes there is no room for failure for a country that is a key to Middle East stability.
Backers of a close U.S.-Saudi relationship note that Riyadh has been a strong strategic partner for decades thanks to oil and regional politics. Saudi Arabia serves as counter-balance to Iran and the Saudis have helped the U.S. battle extremism. The U.S. needs Saudi assistance in a battle of ideas against al-Qaida and ISIS, says Gause: "Liberal democracies are not going to talk them out of what they are doing. The Saudis can rebut them with their own language."
"If the Saudis don't succeed, what does it mean for the region?" asks Roule. He believes Saudi Arabia is too big to fail. "To me the answer is clear. We have to do everything we can to support him."
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — A search resumed Monday for 17 people reported missing after a ferry fire off the coast of Indonesia's capital that left at least 23 dead, officials said.
The victims died Sunday when the vessel, Zahro Express, carrying more than 260 people from a port near Jakarta to Tidung, a resort island in the Kepulauan Seribu chain, caught fire, officials said. Most of the passengers were Indonesians celebrating the New Year holiday, according to local media reports.
Dito, an official from the Jakarta Search and Rescue Agency, said at least five ships and a number of speedboats and rubber boats were deployed in the search.
Of the 224 passengers who were rescued, 32 were being treated at three hospitals, said Dito, who uses a single name.
Advertisement
Seply Madreta, an official from the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency, said the fire gutted about half the vessel, and that 23 bodies had been recovered.
Twenty bodies that were found inside the vessel were burned beyond recognition and were transferred to a police hospital for identification, said Col. Umar Shahab of the Jakarta police health department.
Witnesses told MetroTV that the fire broke out about 15 minutes after the ferry left the port of Muara Angke.
The cause of the fire was not immediately clear. Some passengers told local media that they first saw smoke coming from the ferry's engine.
The director for sea transportation, Tonny Budiono, said the initial suspicion was that the fire was “most probably caused by a short circuit in the engine room.”
He told a news conference the short circuit might have led to the fuel tank exploding.
TV footage showed people in the water with the ferry in flames in the background. A woman in the water can be heard screaming “Ya Allah! Ya Allah!” or “Oh God! Oh God!”
Another woman told the TV station that she and other passengers were rescued by a small boat.
Despite the high number of people who were rescued, the ferry's manifest showed that only 100 were registered as passengers, along with six crewmen, said Denny Wahyu Haryanto, head of the Jakarta Disaster Mitigation Agency. He said the vessel's captain was under police investigation over the incident.
Ferry accidents are common in Indonesia, the world's largest archipelagic nation, with more than 17,000 islands. Many accidents are blamed on lax regulation of boat services.
EMBED >More News Videos What the BBB wants you to know about how to hire a contractor.
Angry customers said they paid hundreds of dollars for countertops they said they never received.The countertops were meant to complete their dream kitchens, but customers said the company Take Me for Granite failed to deliver."For months we sat here and wondered when we were going to have countertops," said Barbara Gallagher.Lockport residents Barbara and Mike Gallagher said they regret trusting Take Me for Granite.The Gallaghers wrote a $3,200 check as a deposit for quartz countertops, but that was in April 2017. They were going to owe another $1,300 upon installation."We knew we were taken. That he had come into our house and scammed," Barbara said."We said, 'Ahhhhhh, we really want our money back,'" said Mike. "He gave some basic excuses and said, 'You'll get all your product,' and I said, 'Don't worry about the product, we want our money back because there is something off here and it's inappropriate, what you're doing.'"They said after waiting several months and hearing excuses, they gave up and eventually paid another company thousands of dollars more to finish their kitchen."Our whole life was disrupted. We were washing our dishes in a utility room sink. We had no faucet, no running water, no countertops," Barbara said.The Gallaghers filed a police report, a complaint with the Attorney General's office and the Better Business Bureau. A few weeks ago they received a money order from the company, but they are not cashing it in because they want a full refund.The BBB gives Take Me for Granite an "F" grade for the Gallaghers' complaint and two similar complaints."All of the complaints allege he promised them a completion date that never transpired, then there was a plethora of excuses as to why he couldn't do it. He promised to pay them back, all of them, on certain dates and that date has come and gone," said Steve Bernas of the Better Business Bureau of Northern Illinois.Michelle Simmerman said she's waiting for countertops in Waukesha, Wis."I feel completely taken advantage of. We had a dream to update this and get more money for it when we sell it, and now we have to get another contractor," she said.Her kitchen is untouched, but according to her contract she paid Take Me for Granite a $1,200 cash deposit for countertops and a sink in July."That $1,200 is like a mortgage payment to us. That's a big deal," Simmerman said.Simmerman was going to owe $300 more upon installation. She showed the ABC7 I-Team texts she said are between her and the owner of the company, in which she repeatedly asks about an installation date and eventually demands a refund."There was always an excuse," she said.The I-Team called and emailed Take Me for Granite and the owner, Mijodrag "Mickey" Ostojic, but didn't hear back. His business card doesn't have an office address, and he lives in Chicago's Old Irving Park neighborhood.He wasn't home when the I-Team visited his house, but when they called again he answered. He said he's not taking new jobs and blamed the delays on his 90-year-old mother's "health problems." He said he is trying to get a loan to pay both customers back in full, "within the next month."The Gallaghers and Simmerman said from now on they'll only use a credit card for home remodeling work, instead of cash and checks. This way they can file a dispute, if needed."I want to say to him, you need to wake up, come clean, and do what you have to do. Pay back our money," Mike Gallagher said.Both consumers said they hired the company after getting trusted recommendations. However, you may want to get multiple recommendations from other happy customers.You should also research a company online and with the Better Business Bureau, and insist on paying a contractor in thirds.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A drug dealer who got arrested on purpose so he could sell ‘Spice' in prison has become one of the first in the country to be sentenced for supplying ‘legal highs'.
Kevin Hancock, 40, admitted possession of a psychoactive substance with intent to supply and was jailed for 12 months and was charged under new legislation brought in last May.
Acting Detective Chief Inspector Graham Bulmer from South Yorkshire Police welcomed the sentence.
He said one the main aspects of the law change was to make it illegal to possess or supply psychoactive substances in prison.
He said: “Hancock told officers that he'd deliberately got arrested for shoplifting so that he could make more money selling Spice in prison.”
Hancock of no fixed abode, also pleaded guilty at Sheffield crown court to possession of a Class A drug and shoplifting.
On Tuesday the court heard around 1.20pm on Wednesday, June 15th, last year, Hancock was seen acting suspiciously at the Tesco store in Rotherham town centre.
(Photo: PA)
He was seen stealing a bottle of whisky and caught on CCTV handing small tablets to two other men before all three swallowed the tablets.
Police were called to the store and Hancock was arrested for shoplifting and taken into custody where he was searched.
Officers found a quantity of heroin inside a Kinder Egg and Hancock was arrested for possession of a controlled drug.
Further searches resulted in other substances being found on Hancock, including Spice, a listed psychoactive active substance.
Under the Psychoactive Substances Act anyone caught supplying or selling psychoactive substances could face up to seven years in prison.
(Photo: Ayrshire Post)
Acting Detective Chief Inspector Graham Bulmer, said: “The whole point of the change in law was to clamp down on those supplying these dangerous substances by creating a blanket ban and limiting the opportunities for criminals to bypass the law.
“This new legislation can only help us in our fight to protect and educate vulnerable people about illegal and untested substances and punish those, like Hancock, who use psychoactive substances for their own gain.”
He said previously when they came across a suspect product it had to go through a lengthy testing process before it could be banned and classed as illegal.
As a result, he said, manufacturers could alter the chemical composition for the drug to fall outside the law.
“Now, where a substance is suspected to produce a psychoactive effect, it is tested against a national database of products and in this case, the product proved to be Spice triggering the new sentencing guidelines,” he said.
(Photo: Getty)
“I hope this case sends a strong message to anyone who is thinking about supplying psychoactive substances that South Yorkshire Police does not and will not tolerate any form of controlled drug supply.”
The UK has seen an alarming rise in the ‘legal high' deaths in prisons.
Figures released last September revealed 58 inmates losing their lives in incidents related to the drugs in the last three years.
2018 World Cup Qualifying enters the home stretch this week, with many teams playing their final games in South America, CONCACAF, and Europe between now and next Tuesday, ahead of any playoffs. Here is a breakdown of where we stand.
CONCACAF: UNITED STATES MUST WIN AGAINST PANAMA TONIGHT
Okay, so technically, there is a path for the United States to finish in 4th and still qualify for a playoff against an Asian qualifier, ahead of Honduras, even with a loss. But practically, there's no way the United States wants to be in a situation where they are relying on other CONCACAF results when Mexico and Costa Rica may have nothing to play for in the final game on Tuesday.
It's fairly simple. Beat Panama and move ahead of them into 3rd and automatic qualification, probably needing then only a draw at Trinidad & Tobago on Tuesday to avoid that playoff and qualify.
Anything less than that would range from disaster to near-disaster for the USMNT. A draw would leave them trailing Panama entering the final week and at the mercy of Costa Rica giving effort at Panama while having clinched their spot.
CONMEBOL: SOUTH AMERICAN QUALIFYING IS STILL WIDE OPEN, AND ARGENTINA NEEDS HELP
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
South America is full of so many good teams, and some are going to miss the World Cup in what has been a wild and fantastic qualifying campaign. Last night, Argentina missed their opportunities and ended in a home draw against Peru. That leaves Argentina currently sitting in 6th, behind Peru for 5th on goals scored. Only 4 teams qualify automatically and the 5th will be a heavy favorite in a playoff against the Oceania winner (likely New Zealand).
The only thing we know for sure is that Brazil is in one of those spots. Uruguay is almost assuredly in, and would make it a certainty with a home win over Bolivia (and is probably in anyway on goal difference).
Outside that, the other 2.5 spots go to some combination of Colombia, Chile, Peru, Argentina, and Paraguay.
Colombia has to go to Peru is what looks like an elimination match. Peru must win while Colombia will need at least a tie.
Chile plays at Brazil, and is only one point in front of Argentina and Peru, and two in front of Paraguay, so they really need a tough road point at Brazil.
Argentina goes to Ecuador and must get the tough road win. A draw is going to leave them in trouble on goal difference/goals scored tiebreakers.
Meanwhile, Paraguay is lurking and gets Venezuela at home. They must win that but getting to 27 points would give them a very good chance to pass a couple of the teams in front of them.
It's going to be a wild Tuesday in the Southern Hemisphere.
EUROPE: DECISION DAY IS LOOMING FOR SEVERAL BIG NAMES
In Europe, the winners of the 9 groups automatically qualify. The top 8 2nd-place teams will advance to a playoff in November, while the lowest-ranked 2nd place team is also eliminated. That factor is going to lead lots of teams to have to go all out for wins over the next five days, because that last spot is far from settled at the moment.
GROUP A: France 17, Sweden 16, Netherlands 13, Bulgaria 12 (through 8 games)
Netherlands is on the brink and needs a miracle. Sweden visits Netherlands in the final game. Netherlands also has to make up a goal difference as well (+11 vs +5). France just needs to get 3 points out of Bulgaria and Belarus, but hasn't clinched yet either.
GROUP B: Switzerland 24, Portugal 21 (through 8 games)
Switzerland goes to Portugal in the final game, which will likely determine the group winner. The runner-up will be in the playoff based on points.
GROUP C: Germany 27+, No. Ireland 19* (through 9 games)
This one's settled. Germany is in. Northern Ireland could use another point to solidify the 2nd-place playoff spot but should be okay (I'm projecting 17-18 points to be the cutline for the 2nd place finisher that misses the playoffs).
GROUP D: Serbia 18, Wales 14, Ireland 13 (through 8 games)
Serbia is in the driver's seat but hasn't clinched the automatic spot yet. Wales hosts Ireland in the Tuesday finale. Both teams also need results before then so that game can move them into the playoff, rather than leave them on the outside with a draw in Cardiff.
GROUP E: Poland 22, Denmark 19, Montenegro 16 (through 9 games)
Poland needs a point against Montenegro at home to clinch first and the auto qualification. Denmark needs a point at home against Romania to at least clinch a playoff spot, and a win and Poland loss to automatically qualify.
GROUP F: England 23+, Scotland 17, Slovakia 15, Slovenia 14 (through 9)
England has qualified. The runner-up spot is wide open and the teams also need to play for wins to avoid elimination. Scotland plays at Slovenia. Slovakia hosts minnow Malta and should get to 18 points. Will the runner-up be the one cut?
GROUP G: Spain 22, Italy 19, Albania 13 (through 8 games)
Spain and Italy are heavy favorites in the final two games, Spain just needs 4 points to clinch first. Italy should be locked into a playoff spot.
GROUP H: Belgium 22+, Bosnia & H 14, Greece 13, Cyprus 10
Belgium has clinched qualification. Bosnia hosts Belgium while Greece plays at Cyprus before closing against Gibraltar so today's games will likely determine who can claim the runner-up and whether they will get enough points to avoid elimination before a playoff.
GROUP I: Croatia 16, Iceland 16, Turkey 14, Ukraine 14
The most uncertain group, with plenty still to be decided. Croatia closes at Ukraine after playing Finland. Iceland, darlings of EURO 2016, play at Turkey needing at least a point, then close against Kosovo. Turkey will still have to play at Finland after playing Iceland. Anyone can advance, or get 2nd, and they all need 3 points and to get to 19 overall to avoid potential elimination.
AFRICA: WILL SOME UNKNOWNS SURPRISE?
Africa plays one round this weekend, with the final games coming in November, so it's likely that most of these groups remain in doubt.
GROUP A: Tunisia has a 3 point lead over Congo, they are done playing each other, so Tunisia needs to get 4 points to clinch for sure out of last 2 games
GROUP B: Cameroon is eliminated. Nigeria can clinch the group today with a home win over Zambia. If Zambia wins then it will come down to the last day.
GROUP C: A very tight group. Ivory Coast has 7 points and leads by 1 over Morocco. The two meet in Nigeria in the final game in November. Gabon is lurking with 5 points but must get points at Morocco tomorrow.
GROUP D: This one has not gone according to form. South Africa has only 1 point. Senegal and South Africa have to make up a game that was cancelled, after others are done in November, and play each other twice. Senegal has to catch Burkina Faso (they are done playing each other and played to two draws) but has that extra South Africa game in hand.
GROUP E: Ghana hosts Egypt in the final November matchup but it may not matter. Egypt has 9 points and a home game against bottom-of-group Congo to get to 12 points this weekend, while Ghana (5 points) has to go to Uganda (7 points).
ASIA: AUSTRALIA AND SYRIA IN A ONE-GAME SHOWDOWN
Iran, South Korea, Japan, and Saudi Arabia have qualified. Syria and Australia played to a 1-1 draw in the first leg, and Australia hosts the 2nd leg on Tuesday. The winner plays the 4th-place team from CONCACAF in another playoff in November.
OCEANIA: NEW ZEALAND IS THE HEAVY FAVORITE TO ADVANCE
New Zealand plays the Solomon Islands in a playoff, with the winner facing the 5th-place team from South America.
Those in the nonprofit world know how precious volunteers are. They use their time, talents and skills to help others, because they care.
And there is a side benefit…Helping Feels Good! In fact, there is data that shows volunteering has a very positive impact on mental and physical health.
That's why Neighbors4Neighbors created a volunteer matching website, www.helpingfeelsgood.org , with over 1,500 volunteers willing to do everything from teach music to translation services, graphic design to gardening. You need it, they've got it.
Neighbors4Neighbors encourages community-based organizations to sign up and enter projects. It's an easy and free process with online training and guidance from the N4N staff.
For everything you need to get started, email Marcia@neighbors4neighbors.org. Volunteers can register at www.helpingfeelsgood.org.
REGINA — Defensive back Kacy Rodgers II was released by the Saskatchewan Roughriders on Saturday to pursue an NFL opportunity.
The 25-year-old spent the last two seasons with the Roughriders and played in 25 regular-season games.
Rodgers had 74 defensive tackles, one quarterback sack and one interception which he returned 50 yards for a touchdown. He added 12 defensive tackles in two playoff games in 2017.
Rodgers was set to become a free agent on Feb. 13.
KITCHENER — Police operating a RIDE program in Whitby last June 15 got a lot more than they expected when they stopped a Kitchener motorist.
A search of Sheikh Ally's car found a cache of illegal drugs: 19 grams of fentanyl, eight grams of heroin, 120 grams of cocaine, 38 grams of meth, 23 grams of ecstasy, 120 grams of marijuana and two grams of shatter, a potent cannabis extract.
Ally, 47, also had $2,600 in cash, a scale and dozens of plastic baggies. He had been in Whitby selling drugs.
His car was searched after an officer smelled marijuana from the car and saw pot crumbs on the driver's seat.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica — The Costa Rica soccer federation says national team coach Oscar Ramirez is out after the team's disappointing performance at the World Cup.
Federation president Rodolfo Villalobos said Wednesday that Ramirez's contract has run out and won't be renewed. Costa Rica compiled a record of 9 wins, 6 ties and 4 defeats in 16 qualifying and three World Cups matches under Ramirez.
Villalobos thanked the coach but said that "it is not convenient for him to remain." He did not name a potential replacement, but said the federation is looking at a long list of candidates.
Costa Rica was the surprise of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, reaching the quarterfinals. But the team was knocked out in the group stage in Russia, losing to Brazil and Serbia and tying Switzerland.
You cannot post new topics in this forum
You cannot reply to topics in this forum
You cannot edit your posts in this forum
You cannot delete your posts in this forum
You cannot post attachments in this forum
Wendy Williams is back! The TV host returned to her talk show Monday after taking a hiatus as she battles Graves' disease.
News about Williams' diagnosis and the autoimmune disease, affecting her thyroid, broke a month ago. She opened up more about her struggle and dealing with her health as a Black woman in a new interview.
“In the entire almost 10 years of doing the show, I have never taken a sick day,” Williams, 53, told Good Morning America co-host Amy Robach. “… it was a perfect storm; a perfect storm that had been brewing, I have to say, internally, knowing my body, since late July.”
#WendysBack! Wendy Williams taking a 3 week break from her show after being diagnosed with Graves' disease is a reminder that your health matters https://t.co/25U9y6zHNY pic.twitter.com/a6vX4V0PgF — xoNecole (@xonecole) March 19, 2018
Before Williams' latest crisis, she had a scary on-air moment in October when she fainted during her Halloween show. Her Statue of Liberty costume was too hot, and she was extremely dehydrated, she said. The experience made her “scared to death,” she also told Robach.
However, she finished the show and returned the next day to the set. Her fans then became very concerned about her health.
Williams wanted to assure fans that she is doing better, saying that she's “functioning OK.”
“I'm feeling a little weird, but I'll get through it,” Williams said. “And I went [to the endocrinologist] in February and that's where I found, ‘Whoa, your levels are way off.'”
She continued, “My internist told me I am, if not the worst case of deficient vitamin D that she's ever seen in her career,” she added. “I have vertigo, which I've had all my life and that was affecting my equilibrium. And it was just a mess going on inside of my body, but I'm saved.”
Fans are happy to hear that Williams' condition has improved and that she is taking care of herself. They are excited to see her turn up on stage, dishing the latest celebrity gossip. Yes, Williams spills that tea!
SEE ALSO:
A 70-Year-Old Man Screams At Black Flight Attendant, ‘I Don't Want Blacks Around Me!'
Viral Video Of Mom Beating Daughter Over Facebook Sexploits Highlights Double-Standard
Rita Ora went through a "rollercoaster of emotions" after going her separate ways from Roc Nation.
The 'Anywhere' hitmaker split from her record label and admits it left her struggling to put out new music.
She said: "I had a bit of an issue, publicly, with putting out music which got me really, really, kind of devastated, and I was really down, and then I was really angry, and then I was really frustrated, and then I was really happy that it was happening ... It was all these emotions, so my album is definitely a rollercoaster of emotions ... I'm still crazy, like, I still love to go out and party. Everyone who knows me knows that I love to have a good time, but I wanted this album to also be [something] you could put on and vibe with your friends. There are a lot of ups and downs, but I'm very, very proud of it."
Now that is behind her though, Rita is excited for what 2018 will bring for her with her music.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Last week it was revealed that Cambridgeshire is one of the worst place in the country for bed blocking - and now the county is anticipating a review of its health system.
Bed blocking - also known as "delayed transfer of care" - is what happens when a patient who doctors have said is fit to leave is still occupying a hospital bed.
It's a problem not only for the patients directly affected, but for the hospital as a whole, pushing up waiting times and meaning there are fewer beds available for people who might need them.
In March this year, there was so much demand on Addenbrooke's A&E department that it was forced to close temporarily .
Review of the system expected
Cambridgeshire is likely to be included in an upcoming round of Care Quality Commission (CQC) reviews into health services, to be announced in May.
At a county council health and wellbeing board meeting today (April 24), councillors agreed to prepare for a possible review.
Cllr Susan Van de Ven asked if a review would help highlight local issues such as problems with recruitment and the high cost of accommodation for staff.
She said these were putting people off NHS work and making the bed blocking situation worse.
Cllr Sue Ellington wanted assurance that the board would not spend too many valuable resources responding to a review instead of working to improve the situation.
Cllr Peter Topping said a review from the CQC could help to improve services, but he said the board should not lose sight of how bed blocking affected the individuals, particularly the elderly, who relied on the service.
“The report doesn't really make any reference to the impact on people,” said Cllr Topping. “Do we understand the impact of delayed transfers of care on people, particularly on the elderly, as well as the requirement of just hitting the numbers?”
The committee heard that delayed transfers of care had a profound effect, and that people deteriorate "mentally and physically" the longer they stay in hospital.
Cambridgeshire's poor record on bed blocking
A report published last week said the county was among the worst performing authorities nationally . Today the health and wellbeing board heard that improving the situation was a priority.
Updated figures show Cambridgeshire has improved since the report was published last week, but is still in the second worst quartile in the country.
Figures published by the council this week show the authority has moved up to 94th place out of 152 local authorities for its response to delayed transfers of care. This compares to the ranking of 131st out of 152 which they were given in February. Despite the improvements, there were calls for more to be done to improve the situation.
The board heard that “bed blocking” was a symptom of deeper problems in the health system such as issues recruiting and retaining staff (particularly from the EU), and problems finding home care for patients to be transferred into after they are ready to be discharged from hospital.
Charlotte Black, service director for adults and safeguarding at Cambridgeshire County Council said: “This is a system issue. We are responsible for these people. A huge amount of work is going in to addressing this, and it is a high priority on everyone's agenda.”
She added that there should be a focus on helping people to lead healthier lives and to avoid having to be admitted to hospital in the first place.
She added: “I think there is a risk we think too much about how we get people out of hospital quickly whereas we should be thinking about how to stop people going into hospital in the first place. ‘Admission avoidance' is the wrong term to use, but it is about looking at what we can do to help people avoid having to go into hospital.”
Cllr Susan Van de Ven, who sits on the health and wellbeing board, said: “It is obvious people are working hard everywhere to firefight this.”
July 4 (UPI) -- The United Kingdom took a major and necessary step in its fight against childhood obesity with its plan to banish so-called "guilt lanes," so named because children pester their parents to buy the candy and junk food that permeate supermarket cash register aisles.
U.K. leaders recently announced they will remove candy from checkout lanes by the end of 2018 and also end promotional discounts for junk food -- such as 2-for-1 specials. It's smart to target obesity at the point of purchase, the moment people make last-minute decisions about what to put in their shopping baskets or directly into their mouths. When people choose food impulsively, they tend to pick items that are higher in sugar and fat.
A recent report by members of the U.K. Parliament also recommends banning advertising foods high in sugar and salt on television before 9 p.m. Limiting messages that remind people that it's "always time to eat" can also help them avoid feeling hungry and overeating.
The U.K.'s proposed approach that addresses the retail experience and advertising is innovative and a good foundation for the types of policies necessary to rein in obesity in the United Kingdom and in countries across the world.
Nearly 2 billion adults and 340 million children are overweight or obese, according to the World Health Organization. Yet scientific evidence regarding how to best mitigate the conditions that lead to obesity is lacking. A concerted effort has not been made to identify the attributes of an ideal food environment that does not foster obesity. A "food environment" is comprised of the outlets where food is obtained -- grocery stores, restaurants, vending machines -- and the marketing and advertising messages that promote food consumption.
To accelerate change in the food environment, a network of experimental supermarkets and restaurants could be set up that would allow scientists to empirically determine how food displays, promotion and service influence what and how many consumers eat -- with the ultimate goal of identifying mechanisms that would help consumers choose to follow a healthier diet.
The prevailing science of what drives food choice has been primarily developed by the food industry to increase profits. Marketing literature shows that people purchase more when food is discounted, displayed in salient positions (like at checkout or end-of-aisle displays), at eye level and in multiple locations, and when it is attractively packaged with recognizable imagery. Science also has shown that when people are served too much they eat too much, so there's a need to figure out how to serve smaller portions that will still allow people to feel satisfied at the end of a meal.
The checkout stand is an especially vulnerable place for shoppers, who can often be overwhelmed by the vast selection and stimuli in the store and have difficulty consistently making wise decisions that include resisting that package of chips or chocolate candy bar. Seeing tempting food can make people feel hungry and crave foods, even when they do not need to eat.
Without hard evidence regarding what works in retail to drive healthy food choices and limit excessive consumption, progress will likely be slow, and governments may be implementing policies that address only a slice of the equation. Addressing just one or two factors, such as selling candy at the cash register, may only deal with part of the problem when other elements, like the display of junk foods in half of all end-of-aisle displays, could be just as or more powerful in undermining a healthy diet.
Working on solving such a vast problem on a piecemeal basis is better than doing nothing, but what is really needed is an integrated holistic and comprehensive approach to swiftly identify a more complete answer. Since the food industry lacks incentives to promote health over profits, it falls to the government to fund scientific analyses to help society understand the connection between retail management practices and consumer food choices. Research findings from experimental food outlets could help position policymakers, businesses and consumers to make evidence-based decisions.
Although 70 percent of Americans are now overweight or obese, society still clings to the mistaken belief that most individuals have the capacity to ignore and transcend a food environment that aggressively promotes extra-large portions, junk food and sugary beverages. Most people have not been able to overcome obesity on their own.
America would benefit from following the U.K.'s lead in addressing the food environment. It could be the beginning of a broader research agenda to identify and replace marketing practices that hinder a healthy diet in favor of those that put the health and well-being of consumers front and center.
Deborah A. Cohen is a senior natural scientist at the nonprofit, nonpartisan RAND Corp. and the author of "A Big Fat Crisis: The Hidden Influences Behind the Obesity Epidemic -- And How We Can End It."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Bristol's biggest clubs is about to be transported to a new planet - if you allow your imagination to wander into the strange world of one of Netflix's most popular shows, that is.
Thekla is hosting a huge club night dedicated to Rick and Morty this weekend and although you might still be partying on a boat in Bristol Harbour, you'll certainly feel like 'Planet Thekla' has just been transported.
The brilliantly bonkers show is an adult science fiction cartoon following the misadventures of cynical mad scientist Rick Sanchez and his easily influenced grandson Morty Smith, who spend their time alternating between domestic life and interdimensional adventures.
(Image: Adult Swim)
Thekla's night dedicated to the wildly popular series will feature plasma rays, headism and portal guns - and as you might expect, fancy dress is most definitely encouraged.
Room 1 of Planet Thekla will be devoted to hip-hop classics, with artists such as 2Pac, A Tribe Called Quest, Wu Tang Clan and Nas all appearing on the playlist.
It's a more funky affair - a totally different world, you might say - over in Room 2 however, as it'll be playing the finest disco, funk and soul all night long.
The Show Me What You Got - Rick and Morty Party is coming to Thekla on Friday. Tickets are available through Fatsoma now.
Ariana Grande has praised the people of Manchester for remaining "unified" after the tragedy of the Manchester terror attack.
The 24-year-old singer had just finished performing at the Manchester Arena on May 22 last year when a suicide bomber claimed the lives of 22 concert goers and injured hundreds more.
Ariana returned to the city a week later to host the One Love Manchester benefit concert to help raise funds for those involved, and has now praised those in attendance for helping to turn something "heinous" into "something beautiful".
She said: "The fact that all of those people were able to turn something that represented the most heinous of humanity into something beautiful and unifying and loving is just wild. We're in such a trying time and people have been responding with acceptance, love, inclusion, and passion. This generation, they're standing up and they're not going to take no for an answer."
The 'No Tears Left To Cry' singer has been trying to put her heartache into her music following the atrocity, but says it's "still so hard to find the words" to describe how she's felt in the year since the attack.
She added: "I guess I thought with time, and therapy, and writing, and pouring my heart out, and talking to my friends and family that it would be easier to talk about, but it's still so hard to find the words."
Despite struggling to find the right words, Ariana admits she was left in tears "10 hundred times" during the recording process for her new album.
Speaking to the Summer Music issue of Fader, she said: "I cried 10 hundred times in the session writing it for you. Here is my bleeding heart, and here is a trap beat behind it. There's definitely some crying-on the-dancefloor stuff on this one. I've never been this vulnerable to myself. I feel like I graduated almost. I feel like for a long time the songs were great, but they weren't songs that made me feel something the way these songs do."
TORONTO — Two Ontario cabinet ministers announced Friday they won't seek re-election next year, adding to a growing tally of prominent Liberals bowing out at a time when the party struggles in the polls.
Both Deputy Premier Deb Matthews and Treasury Board President Liz Sandals, however, insist that is not the reason for their upcoming departures.
Matthews will remain as the Liberals' campaign co-chair through the election, saying she has enormous respect for Premier Kathleen Wynne.
"I am confident that, on June 7, 2018, the people of Ontario will give her and her team the mandate to continue to serve," Matthews wrote in a statement Friday.
Various polls would suggest a different outcome, however, with most putting the Liberals behind the Progressive Conservatives, and one survey even putting the Liberals in third, behind the NDP.
Sandals, 70, stressed that her 30 years of service and her age were behind her decision to retire.
"This was a challenging decision to make because while I'm ready to be a full-time grandmother, I've never had more faith in Premier Kathleen Wynne and the Ontario Liberal Party," she wrote in a statement.
"Over the last several months, I've spent time knocking on doors across Guelph and I know that our policies are resonating with my constituents."
Matthews, who was elected in 2003, will stay as the representative for London North Centre and as advanced education minister until the election. Sandals, who first got into politics through her local school board and was elected to the legislature in 2003, will stay as the representative for Guelph, Ont., and in cabinet until the election, too.
Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid announced last month that he would not run in next year's provincial election.
Neil Best first worked at Newsday in 1982, then returned in 1985. His SportsWatch column debuted in 2005. email twitter
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — Todd Bowles spoke Monday. Mike Maccagnan will speak later this week. Woody Johnson will speak at some point.
Brandon Marshall spoke for 23 minutes, which might be a record for an NFL receiver on a locker clean-out day.
But talk is cheap when it comes to a Superfund site as toxic as the Jets'. What everyone in green needs most is what every NFL team needs: a very good quarterback.
So it was that perhaps the most important man in the building as the Jets parted ways was a 21-year-old who did not have much of interest to say and who never has taken a regular-season snap as a pro.
With the owner frustrated and coach Bowles and GM Maccagnan under pressure, Christian Hackenberg could do more than anyone on the roster to save everyone's reputations and fix this mess.
Will it happen? I would not bet the college fund — or even the spare change in the living room couch — but stranger things have occurred in a league where passers drafted in the sixth round in 2000 and fourth round in 2016 are leading the current No. 1 playoff seeds.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Hackenberg does not have to be Tom Brady or even Dak Prescott, but the second-round pick needs to be something of use as the Jets face a crisis at the position.
Ryan Fitzpatrick and Geno Smith are headed out the door — Fitz chatted with reporters on Monday before doing so; Smith just waved — and Bryce Petty is headed for surgery on his non-throwing shoulder after an inconclusive, uninspiring late-season tryout.
The projected veteran free-agent market is . . . meh.
Then there is Hackenberg. Coordinator Chan Gailey has called him “a developmental player” and an unnamed Jets coach told ESPN he “couldn't hit the ocean” with his passes, although to be fair ESPN did not specify which ocean.
Asked about that Monday, Hackenberg said, “A coach has never said anything to me directly, so until he does that I am not too concerned about it.”
Fans and reporters are groping in the dark on this because we have not seen for ourselves what young Hack can or cannot do. Hence the anonymous quotes from those who actually watch practice.
The Jets will scrounge up a veteran to compete with Petty and Hackenberg, but the best solution is somehow, some way to have Hackenberg find the ocean, then a lake, and eventually the cupped hands of Quincy Enunwa.
“He just needs to play; he's got to play,” Bowles said. “There's nothing wrong with Christian.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Bowles said with three guys initially ahead of him on the depth chart, “He's allowed to have a redshirt year.”
But why not at least throw him out there in Week 17? “A lot of guys need a chance to play that don't play right away, or don't play in the first year,” Bowles said. “He'll play when his time is right.”
Hackenberg doggedly stuck to his talking points, insisting he took away a lot from his rookie experience, especially observing how to prepare and how to carry oneself off the field.
Did he share fans' frustration at not seeing him play? “I think my role and my goal and my job is to just come in and work and grow and learn in practice and show up and be the same guy every day,” he said. “That's kind of what I got lost in.”
Would he like a chance to compete for the starting job this offseason? “I know that I'm going to come in as prepared as I can be and if that opportunity is given to me, or however that's laid out, I'm going to put everything I have into it,” he said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Shrug. Who knows? If the Jets don't find someone to man that position competently in 2017, Bowles and Maccagnan could be three-and-out.
Asked whether he is any closer to finding a franchise quarterback than he was at start of the season, Bowles said, “I haven't even started looking for a franchise quarterback yet.”
Umm, now would be a good time.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As we reign in February (seriously, how are we already two months in to 2018?), battling the flu, avoiding Storm [insert boring name], we're left to ponder what to do - or not, if you have a Netflix account.
There's a whole host of new content, films for Valentine's Day and kid-friendly viewing for half-term to stop you going stir crazy with the children.
There's the new Black Lightning weekly, as well as Riverdale, The Good Place's finale and Star Trek.
As well as the weekly offerings, there's a few promising event series and movies from Netflix itself.
Here's our guide to what to watch and the full list of what's coming to Netflix in February.
Netflix Originals
Altered Carbon: Season 1
(Image: Netflix)
A new series set over 300 years in the future, when human minds are digitized and downloaded from body to body. Based on the classic cyberpunk novel.
Launch Date: February 2
Seven Seconds: Season 1
Tensions run high in Jersey City after an African American teenager is critically injured by a cop.
Launch Date: February 23
Queer Eye: Season 1
With a new Fab 5 and some very tough missions, the Emmy-winning show is back and ready to make America fabulous again ... one makeover at a time.
Launch Date: February 7
Damnation: Season 1
(Image: Netflix)
In a rural Iowa community during the Great Depression, a stranger with a violent past poses as a preacher and rallies the farmers to mount a strike.
Launch Date: February 1
Everything Sucks!: Season 1
(Image: Netflix)
Two groups of high school misfits -- the AV club and the drama club -- collide in this quirky coming-of-age story set in 1996 Oregon.
Launch Date: February 16
Marseille: Season 2
The battle for the heart of Marseille heats up as right-wing nationalists gain power and a shadowy conspiracy targets the city's beloved soccer team.
Launch Date: February 23
Re:Mind: Season 1
Eleven high school classmates awaken, restrained to a large dining room. While fearing for their lives, they question a motive to this bizarre act.
Launch Date: February 15
First Team: Juventus: Season 1
Go in-depth with Italy's Juventus FC in a series that spotlights the storied soccer club's superstars and rising prospects looking to make an impact.
Launch Date: February 16
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman: George Clooney
(Image: Netflix)
David Letterman returns in a monthly series of in-depth interviews with globally relevant personalities, plus field segments expressing his curiosity.
Launch Date: February 9
Coach Snoop: Season 1
(Image: Netflix)
Iconic rapper Snoop Dogg stars in a series about the youth football league he created to keep kids from making the same mistakes he did grow up.
Launch Date: February 2
The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale
Trending news, pop culture, social media, original videos and more come together in host Joel McHale's new weekly comedy commentary show.
Launch Date: February 18 (weekly episodes)
Derren Brown: The Push
(Image: Netflix)
Mentalist Derren Brown engineers an audacious social experiment demonstrating how manipulation can lead an ordinary person to commit an appalling act.
Launch Date: February 27
WEEKLY EPISODES
Star Trek: Discovery: Season 1
(Image: Netflix)
The iconic franchise returns with a fresh series, new characters and a new ship. Their mission: Explore new worlds, bring hope to a new generation.
Launch Date: February 5
Mondays
Riverdale: Season 2
If Jason Blossom's murder revealed the slimy underbelly beneath Riverdale's surface, as we enter season two, the shooting of Fred Andrews threatens to plunge the entire town into utter darkness.
Thursdays
Dynasty: Season 1
With a new face poised to join the family, the Carringtons and the Colbys feud for control over their fortune -- and their children's lives.
Launch Date: February 1
Black Lightning: Season 1
A retired vigilante leaves behind his quiet life as a school principal and returns to fighting crime in his New Orleans community.
Tuesdays
The Good Place: Season 2
In the wake of her suspicions about Michael and the Good Place being confirmed in last season's shocking finale, Eleanor's last-ditch endeavor to trigger her memory may not succeed after all.
February 2 (Finale)
NETFLIX FILM
FullMetal Alchemist
While alchemist Edward Elric searches for a way to restore his brother Al's body, the military government and mysterious monsters are watching closely.
February 19
Irreplaceable You
When Abbie is diagnosed with cancer, she sets out on a humorous mission to find a new love for Sam, her fiancé and best friend since childhood.
February 16
When We First Met
Using a magical photo booth that sends him back in time, Noah relives the night he met Avery over and over, trying to persuade her to fall for him.
February 9
Mute
(Image: Netflix)
A mute man with a violent past is forced to take on the teeming underworld of a near-future Berlin as he searches for his missing girlfriend.
February 23
Forgotten
When the older brother he idolizes is abducted and comes back completely changed, Jin-Seok tries to uncover the truth in this twisty thriller.
February 21
Love Per Square Foot
In this quirky Bollywood romantic comedy, a couple enters into a marriage of convenience so they can buy a flat in Mumbai together.
February 14
ORIGINAL COMEDY
Fred Armisen: Standup For Drummers
Live from San Francisco, comedian Fred Armisen shares and demonstrates his thoughts on musical genres, being a drummer, regional accents and more.
February 6
Marlon Wayans: Woke-ish
Rollicking, outrageous and audacious, Marlon Wayans gets raw on racism, age-appropriate rap rhymes, gay rights, raising kids and even the Kardashians.
February 27
Kavin Jay: Everybody Calm Down!
On a mission to defy stereotypes, Malaysian stand-up comedian Kavin Jay shares stories about growing up in the VHS era with his Singapore audience.
February 2
ORIGINAL DOCUMENTARY
The Trader (Sovdagari)
This documentary examines life in a rural corner of the Republic of Georgia, where potatoes are currency and ambition is crushed by poverty.
Launch Date: February 9
Seeing Allred
Explore the public and private sides of feminist firebrand attorney Gloria Allred, who has battled some of the biggest names in politics and business.
February 9
Ugly Delicious: Season 1
(Image: Netflix)
David Chang and Peter Meehan uncover the world's best food as they visit far-flung cities and learn how local culture affects gastronomy.
February 23
ORIGINAL SERIES FOR KIDS
Luna Petunia: Return to Amazia: Season 1
Luna Petunia returns to magical Amazia, adding memories to her scrapbook with old friends -- and a new pal from the Animal Empire.
Launch Date: February 2
Greenhouse Academy: Season 2
New student Aspen comes between Hayley and Leo. Max and Jackie investigate Emma's sudden departure from the school. Brooke falls under a bad influence.
Launch Date: February 14
DreamWorks Dragons: Race to the Edge: Season 6
Launch Date: February 16
Full list of what's dropping on Netflix
February 1
1971: India's Finest Hour: Season 1
42 Grams
8 Mile
A Prayer for the Dying
Accepted
Armed Response
Barbie in Princess Power
Barbie of Swan Lake
Before the Flood
Benny and Joon
Big Momma's House 2
Black Money Love: Season 1
Boulevard
Breaking News: Season 1
Bring It On: All or Nothing
Bullet to the Head
Copying Beethoven
Dazed and Confused
Death Race
Desperate Hours
Emo the Musical
Emo the Musical
Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer
Far North
Funny People
Ghost: Season 1
Half Baked
Hero Hiralal: Season 1
How the Beatles Changed the World
Hyori's Bed & Breakfast: Season 1
Influx
Inside Man
It's Kind of a Funny Story
John Mellencamp: Plain Spoken
Junoon: Junior Hockey Victory: Season 1
Last Knights
Little Dorrit
Lord of Illusions
Meet Joe Black
MiniMe: Season 1
Monster High 13 Wishes
Monster High: Frights, Camera, Action!
National Parks Adventure
Newness
Oscura Seduccion
Pandemic
Powder: Season 1
Queens of Comedy: Season 1
Restoration Men: Season 1
Role Models
Shakespeare in Love
Steins;Gate
Tarzan
Teen Witch
The Code: Season 1
The Garfield Show: Season 1
The Garfield Show: Season 2
The Social Experiment: Season 1
The Strange Name Movie
The Woman in the Window
Under Arrest: Season 8
What Dreams May Come
What's New Pussycat?
Wild Child
Yakari: Season 1
Yoko and His Friends
Yoko: Season 1
February 2
Beyond: Season 2
Bir Baba Hindu
Deliver Us from Evil
Pay the Ghost
Some Kind of Beautiful
The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland
The Baby Sitters Club
The Bros
The Cable Guy
February 3
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend: Season 3
Jane The Virgin: Season 4
February 4
Zoolander 2
February 5
OCTB: Season 1
Princess Cyd
February 6
Baby, Baby, Baby
Cardboard Gangsters
Cross Wars
Joshy
Sharknado 5
February 7
Geronimo Stilton: Season 3
The Marker
February 8
Close Range
The Loft
February 9
Beyond: Season 2
Blankman
Fury
Görümce
Kick-Ass 2
February 10
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend: Season 3
David Brent: Life on the Road
Jane The Virgin: Season 4
February 11
By the Sea
Risen
Rock the Kasbah
February 12
Day and Night: Season 1
Tientsin Mystic: Season 1
February 13
Magic Mike XXL
Nails
The Peanuts Movie
February 14
Testament of Youth
The Mortified Guide: Season 1
The Pursuit of Happyness
February 15
Alien Abduction
Barely Lethal
Black Butler: Season 3
Blackadder: Series 1
Blackadder: Series 2
Boonie Bears: Spring Into Action: Season 1
Boonie Bears: The Big Top Secret
Chrisley Knows Best: Season 1
Chrisley Knows Best: Season 2
Daagdi Chaawl
Earth to Echo
Ek Cup Chya
Eric ldle's What About Dick?
Fakta Ladh Mhana
Fate/stay night: Season 1
Fred 3: Camp Fred
Khel Mandala
Lalbaug Parel: Zali Mumbai Sonyachi
Mahi Way: Season 1
Matichya Chuli
Morya
Paradh
Prem Mhanje Prem Asta
Premachi Ghoshta
Sakhi
Sarivar Sari
Street Kings
Sword Art Online the Movie: Ordinal Scale
The Darkest Hour
The Garden of Words
The Hollywood Masters: Season 2
The Reagan Show
Tokyo Ghoul: Jack
Tokyo Ghoul: Pinto
Tokyo Ghoul: Season 2
Tukaram
Zenda
February 16
Beyond: Season 2
Born Free
Hellboy
The Interview
February 17
Brave Miss World
Brave Miss World: Collection 1
February 20
Bugs
Erased: Season 1
Jem and the Holograms
February 22
Hitler's Circle of Evil: Season 1
My Old Lady
February 23
Identity
İstanbul Kırmızısı
The Revenant
February 25
10 Cloverfield Lane
February 27
Combat Countdown: Season 1
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend: Season 3
Gallows
Go Back to Where You Came From: Season 1
Go Back to Where You Came From: Season 2
Go Back to Where You Came From: Season 3
Insane Fishing: Season 1
iZombie: Season 4
Jack Goes Home
Mega Food: Season 1
Men on a Mission: 2017
Poh and Co.: Season 1
Poh and Co.: Season 2
Renters: Season 5
Surveillance: Season 1
Surveillance: Season 2
The Big Ward: Season 1
Unveiled: Season 1
Big Bear
반드시 잡는다
Virginia State Senate Passes Medicaid Expansion The Virginia State Senate voted Wednesday to expand Medicaid to 400,000 low-income residents. This comes after months of fierce political debates between Republicans.
Uber's Self-Driving Tests Are Suspended After Pedestrian Is Killed A self-driving car operated by Uber struck and killed a pedestrian who was walking her bicycle in Tempe, Ariz., Sunday night. The incident could be the first pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle.
Uber's Self-Driving Tests Are Suspended After Pedestrian Is Killed Uber's Self-Driving Tests Are Suspended After Pedestrian Is Killed Uber's Self-Driving Tests Are Suspended After Pedestrian Is Killed Audio will be available later today. A self-driving car operated by Uber struck and killed a pedestrian who was walking her bicycle in Tempe, Ariz., Sunday night. The incident could be the first pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Basketball is one of my favorite sports, but it`s time for the Mavs to step out of the way and let the Rangers do their thing. America`s favorite pastime is taking over -- baseball. To help you get into the spirit of the season, here are some of the top earning baseball movies that you may have forgotten how much you enjoyed.
Three movies I loved but didn't quite make the top 10, Mr. 3000. The sports comedy starring the hilarious late Bernie Mac whose character returns to the league at 47-years-old to reach his 3,000 hits made $21.8 million.
The 2005 remake of the 70`s classic, The Bad News Bears about a washed up ex-professional player portrayed by Billy Bob Thornton and his untalented little league team grossed $32.8 million.
Keanu Reeves coaches some troubled youth including a young Michael B. Jordan to get out of debt in Hardball which made about $40 million.
The highest grossing baseball movies are Field of Dreams at number five with $64.3 million, The Rookie at four with $75.6 million.
Moneyball was an unexpected success starring Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill and nominated for six Oscars. It made $75.6 million 42 starring Chadwick Boseman as the great Jackie Robinson made $95 million.
A League Of Their Own made a whopping $107.5 million. Geena Davis, Madonna, Rosie o`Donnell and Tom Hanks with one of the memorable lines in the movie: "There`s no crying in baseball!"
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
While Christmas may be a time for indulgence, a proper Christmas dinner is truly nothing without a huge pile of festive vegetables - sprouts and all.
But convincing the kids to eat a carrot can often be a lot harder than persuading them to scoff a Terry's chocolate orange, so Lidl have come up with an innovative new way to trick the kids into eating their five a day this year.
The discount supermarket has just unveiled a brand new vegetable range, with miniature versions of ordinary fruit and vegetables where everything is in the shape of something Christmassy.
From Rudolph noses (little red potatoes), to snowman snouts (baby carrots), to santa sprouts (brussel sprouts in disguise), Lidl hopes that the bright colours and playful names will make eating vegetables more fun, rather than a punishment for those on the naughty list.
The new vegetable range is set to hit Lidl stores all around Britain today (Monday 11 December), and will cost just 79p per pack, no matter which vegetable you pick.
Emma Byrne, Head of Fresh Produce at Lidl said: “Our Oaklands Fun Size range has been a huge hit with families and we hope these new, festive additions will be equally popular.
Our Penguin Parsnippers and Santa Sprouts have been designed to help convince even the fussiest of eaters that veg is something to look forward to, rather than being a battleground at mealtimes”.
Earlier in the year, Tesco did a similar thing to its vegetables, as it begun selling star-shaped butternut squash bites and sweet potato smiley faces.
Apparently, Lidl has seen sales of its Oaklands Fun Size range surge 100% since launching the new range earlier this year, with the supermarket declaring that it's set to expand the range even further next year.
The Chinese state-run newspaper China Daily warned on Monday that President Donald Trump's proposed investigation into unfair Chinese trade practices could “poison” relations between the communist regime and the United States.
Trump is expected to sign an executive order on Monday to ask his trade office to take up the probe, the Associated Press reported.
advertisement
“Trump wants officials to look at Chinese practices that force American companies to share intellectual property in order to gain access to the world's second-largest economy,” AP reported.
U.S. businesses have to create joint ventures with Chinese companies and provide valuable technology assets, a requirement that Washington believes hurts U.S. economic growth, according to AP.
“In an editorial, the official China Daily said it was critical the Trump administration doesn't make a rash decision it will regret,” Reuters reported.
Given Trump's transactional approach to foreign affairs, it is impossible to look at the matter without taking into account his increasing disappointment at what he deems as China's failure to bring into line the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. His idea of exploiting trade as a bargaining chip in dealings with China dates back to the campaign trail.
The investigation into Chinese trade practices comes at a time when the Trump administration is seeking China's help in pressuring North Korea regarding its nuclear ambitions, which is noted in the editorial.
By trying to incriminate Beijing as an accomplice in the DPRK's nuclear adventure and blame it for a failure that is essentially a failure of all stakeholders, Trump risks making the serious mistake of splitting up the international coalition that is the means to resolve the issue peacefully. Hopefully Trump will find another path. Things will become even more difficult if Beijing and Washington are pitted against each other.
Reuters reported that the investigation could eventually lead to steep tariffs on Chinese goods, which Trump has said he may support.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Life as a male escort is not all about money and sex, according one operator who says his job involves so much more.
The 30-year-old man, who wishes to remain anonymous, advertises as an "ebony male for ladies only" and provides services for clients across London and Essex.
His youngest client was 24 and the oldest was 60.
He charges £100 for the first hour and then adds £30, then £20, then £10 for every hour on top of that.
Two years into the job, and he has never looked back.
“I saw a documentary on Channel 4 about male escorts and I thought, if that guy can do it, I can do it too, and better,” he said. “So I just decided to do it.”
It's not all about sex, as our business insider explains, Essex Live reports.
(Image: Digital Vision)
He said: “Sometimes they want me to take them out, other times I accompany them to conferences and other times they just want to have sex. Sometimes it's a mixture.
“The sex and the money attracted me to the job. It's great. I get to go to nice places and restaurants and get paid. It's kind of like a social life.”
In the UK, prostitution, or the exchange of sexual services for money, is legal as long as they are over 18.
However, a number of related activities such as soliciting in a public place, kerb crawling, owning or managing a brothel, pimping and pandering, are strictly against the law.
Although exact figures are difficult to obtain, it is thought that as of 2015, there were more than 72,000 sex workers in the UK.
Of this, a staggering 88 per cent were women, with only 6 per cent men and an even smaller 4 per cent transgender.
Explaining that his ‘real job' is labouring, our source reveals that there is good money to be made in this line of work.
“Clients see my ad and they call me,” he explained. “I have about four or five clients a week.
“There's a range of women too. The youngest client was 24 and the oldest was 60.
“It costs £100 for the first hour and then it goes to £30, then £20 and £10 for every hour that goes by.”
Many already have strong perceptions of sex work: seedy, illegal and that prostitutes are often forced into it.
However, research published by the Economic and Research Council found that the majority of sex workers are not trafficked or on drugs. Many choose to enter the industry and enjoy their job.
Many in the industry feel that criminalisation of the work increases violence.
A 2014 survey found that where arrests of sex workers and clients were high, only five per cent of sex workers who were victims of a crime reported it.
This compared to 46 per cent of victims in areas where police adopted a harm reduction approach.
With the stigma surrounding sex workers still very much regimented in society, this ‘ebony male' chooses to ignore it.
He said: “I don't concern myself with the negativity. If other young men are thinking of doing it then I say go for it.
“My friends and family don't know about this and they never will.”
However, he says that this line of work is definitely in his future: “As long as my services are required, I'll keep doing this.”
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Amazon is reportedly on the brink of launching its own UK fashion label in a move experts believe threatens to shake up Britain's £48 billion clothing market.
The online giant is said to be already developing its own-label clothing and could launch ranges as soon as this spring, according to fashion trade bible Drapers.
It has poached senior buying directors from high street rivals, with Frances Russell, former womenswear director at Marks & Spencer, hired as vice-president of clothing at Amazon a year ago.
She has since been joined by Karen Peacock, former head of design for womenswear and accessories at M&S, with Primark's menswear buying director Glen George also understood to be moving to the online retailer.
Experts said the move poses a threat to existing players, although they said Amazon could struggle to gain market share in an intensely competitive market.
Richard Lim, chief executive of Retail Economics, said Amazon has the power to "stir things up".
He said: "Amazon is a very cash rich business and if they want to launch into a sector, they won't do things by half.
"They offer convenience, good value and speedy and well-priced delivery, so it's a good customer experience."
Retail Economics said the UK clothing market was worth a mammoth £48 billion in 2016.
It is very fragmented though, with the high street players being squeezed while online fast-fashion firms such as ASOS are enjoying impressive growth.
"Amazon has seen how successful these pure online retailers have been over the last few years and are thinking they could compete in that area," said Mr Lim.
But other experts believe Amazon will have a tough job building market share.
Tom Gadsby, retail analyst at Liberum, said Amazon is not a "go-to fashion label".
"It takes a really long time to build a brand, even when you're Amazon," he added.
Amazon already sells women's underwear in the UK under its Iris & Lilly brand, while in the US it has a raft of own brands, including James & Erin and Franklin Tailored.
The move into own-label fashion comes soon after its foray into the UK grocery market, which has put established groups such as online retailer Ocado under pressure.
Adam Tomlinson at Liberum warned: "When Amazon decide they want to do something in any space, it's always a threat.
"They're very ambitious and innovative."
KAZAN, Russia — To get past Belgium in the quarterfinals at the World Cup, Brazil has to do something it has not been able to do since it last won the tournament in 2002: overcome European opposition in the knockout stages.
Since beating Germany 2-0 in the 2002 World Cup final, the five-time winner has been eliminated by European sides in the three subsequent competitions. Brazil lost to France and the Netherlands in the quarterfinals of the 2006 and 2010 World Cups and was humiliated 7-1 by Germany in the semifinals four years ago at home.
Fortunately for the Selecao, Belgium has a poor record against South American sides at the World Cup. Not only has Belgium not won any of its games against South American teams in the knockout stages, it hasn't even managed to score a goal. Most recently, Belgium lost 1-0 to Argentina in the 2014 quarterfinals.
The core of that side remains in place in Russia, where Belgium has won all four of its matches, including coming back from 2-0 down to beat Japan in the round of 16 with a thrilling counterattack in the final seconds of injury time.
Everyone knew about the array of talent running through the Belgium side, from Thibaut Courtois in goal to Kevin De Bruyne in midfield and Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku up front. The main questions following disappointing defeats in the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 European Championship centred on the team's character.
That 3-2 victory over Japan was the first time a team has overcome a two-goal deficit to win outright since West Germany beat England in 1970, and the first to do it in regulation since Portugal came from three down to beat North Korea in 1966. It has fueled confidence inside the Belgium camp that it can deal with adversity and make the World Cup semifinals for the first time since 1986.
"Maybe it's this sort of match that we needed for the future," said Hazard, the captain.
Coach Roberto Martinez won praise for his substitutions, with both Marouane Fellaini and Nacer Chadli scoring, the latter with practically the last kick of the match.
"You have to find solutions, you have to find reaction but what you have to find more than anything is the desire and togetherness of a group of players, that they are desperate to perform," Martinez said.
Unlike the game against Japan, Martinez said, Belgium will be the underdog in the quarterfinal against Brazil and as such should play with a certain amount of freedom.
TORONTO — A man is dead following a late-night shooting in one of Toronto's busiest intersections.
Police say a man was shot at around 11 p.m. at Yonge-Dundas Square in the heart of downtown.
The man believed to be in his 20s was rushed to a nearby trauma centre in critical condition.
Homicide Det. Stephen Henkel says he died of his injuries in hospital.
Russia's Bolshoi Theatre Brings Anna Karenina Ballet To Modern Era The world-famous Bolshoi Theatre is a Russian icon. But a new staging of the ballet Anna Karenina takes the beloved Russian epic — and the theater — into the 21st century. NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Bolshoi principal dancer Olga Smirnova.
Dépaysement (2017)
Foreign/National
Read more
'Dépaysement' is the sound of being somewhere far, far away from home. It hums with the shock of being suddenly alone - in a place where no one cares who you are or what you're doing.
Domingo German's Tuesday evening was going well until his 0-and-2 curveball to Ender Inciarte in the top of the fifth inning.
It wasn't necessarily a bad pitch — an 81-mph curveball a few inches below the strike zone — but Inciarte still was able to send it over the right-centerfield wall for a two-run home run.
Thus began German's downward spiral.
Ozzie Albies homered on German's next pitch (another curveball, but this one hung too high). Then Freddie Freeman and Nick Markakis reached on hard-hit singles before German was lifted for A.J. Cole.
Cole escaped the fifth inning by sandwiching strikeouts of Kurt Suzuki and Tyler Flowers around Ronald Acuña Jr.'s single, earning the win in the Yankees' 8-5 victory over the Braves at the Stadium.
Although he hardly cruised through the first four innings, German had six strikeouts with his usual swing-and-miss stuff. But watching Inciarte hammer a pitcher's pitch over the wall made him a little uneasy.
“Yeah, probably a little bit,” German said of how the home run might have impacted his confidence. “Having a batter there, in that count, leaving that pitch there and obviously he made good contact with it, gets you out of your rhythm.”
Manager Aaron Boone didn't see much rhythm from German most of the night, saying he “didn't command it great.” German pitched 4 1⁄3 innings, allowing six hits and three walks.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“It didn't seem like he could really hang his hat on a pitch when he really needed to make a pitch or throw a strike or get back into the count,” Boone said. “So I just think the command was a little bit scattered for him, and that's why he found himself in a little trouble eventually.”
German failed to complete five innings for the second start in a row, and his rotation spot could be in hot water by the time Masahiro Tanaka returns. That could be Monday in Baltimore if all goes well during Tanaka's rehab start with Triple-A Scranton / Wilkes-Barre on Wednesday.
With a day off Thursday, German could start Sunday in Toronto in a last-ditch effort to keep his spot. Boone has yet to reveal his plan, but either way, German doesn't think about it while pitching.
“I don't let things like that affect my performance out there,” he said. “That I really have no control of, so to me, it's just me going out there and doing my job.”
HONOLULU (AP) — His last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of his presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with about two-dozen work days left. His final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said he'll deliver a valedictory speech on Jan. 10, following a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before his loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last meeting with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
___
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Photo: Courtesy Big Machine
By Anthony Donatelli
If you aren't in the holiday spirit quite yet, allow Brett Young to help you out.
Related: Brett Young Gets Over Heartbreak In ‘Like I Loved You' Video
The country crooner shared his version of “O Holy Night” and the accompanying music video.
Young spent a majority of 2017 on Lady Antebellum's You Look Good Tour and is currently on the road on his own Caliville Tour.
Check out Brett's take on the holiday classic below.
B.C. Liberal leadership hopefuls Mike de Jong, Sam Sullivan and Michael Lee seemed to be enjoying the show at their recent debate in Kelowna, as apparent front-runners Andrew Wilkinson, Todd Stone and Dianne Watts went toe to toe for party member support.
As their arguments became more heated in front of a packed room, de Jong and Lee were doubled over in their chairs to muffle their laughter. Sullivan suggested the next debate should be a cage match.
A quick summary of the Floggin' in the Okanagan: Wilkinson waved a glossy copy of his platform, insisting only his is costed to balance budgets. He had a former deputy finance minister look at Stone's, pronouncing it a deficit-prone spending spree.
Stone fired back that his plan is balanced but bold, describing Wilkinson's as old and tired, like its author.
Both of them turned on Watts, who remains embarrassingly unprepared for B.C. politics since resigning her Conservative MP seat. Plan? She doesn't even have the proverbial cocktail napkin with scribbled notes on it.
As in the Prince George and Nanaimo debates, Watts was grilled on complex issues like forest policy, and she didn't have a clue. Watts has money, name recognition and almost nothing else. If any party members still think she's Christy Clark 2.0, they haven't been paying attention.
Watts has a vision, but can't articulate it. She promises to listen, then blames the B.C. Liberals for losing 11 seats because they didn't listen. Her opponents remind her that she only joined the party in May.
I usually don't give polls the attention that even dogs do, but this is not a general public decision. Interim B.C. Liberal leader Rich Coleman tells me party membership is about 40,000 people, as sign-ups continue until Dec. 31 in preparation for an online vote to be revealed Feb. 4.
Those members have all been phoned and door-knocked by the leadership teams, and the candidates must have a good idea where they stand.
If there's a front-runner now, it's Wilkinson, formerly a cabinet minister, party president, city lawyer and country doctor. He reminds everyone that his MLA support is more than all other candidates combined.
Cabinet veterans Mary Polak (Langley), John Rustad (Nechako Lakes), Michelle Stilwell (Parksville-Qualicum), Norm Letnick (Kelowna-Lake Country) and Mike Morris (Prince George-Mackenzie) are in Wilkinson's camp, along with experienced backbenchers Donna Barnett (Cariboo-Chilcotin) and Laurie Throness (Chilliwack-Hope). Newcomers Ellis Ross (Skeena), Tracy Redies (Surrey-White Rock), Doug Clovechok (Columbia River-Revelstoke), Tom Shypitka (Kootenay East) and Joan Isaacs (Coquitlam-Burke Mountain) have come on board, showing Wilkinson has party support all over the province.
Stone is backed by MLAs Peter Milobar (Kamloops-North Thompson), Greg Kyllo (Shuswap), Jane Thornthwaite (North Vancouver-Seymour) Coralee Oakes (Cariboo North), Ian Paton (Delta South) and Steve Thomson (Kelowna-Mission).
Stone, a smooth-talking former technology entrepreneur from Kamloops-South Thompson, likes to describe himself as young and “relatable,” playing to the perception of Wilkinson as an elitist from wealthy Vancouver-Quilchena.
De Jong trailed Clark and Kevin Falcon in the 2012 leadership campaign, and judging by the latest debate, he seems resigned to third or fourth again. He's endorsed by Surrey South MLA and former cabinet minister Stephanie Cadieux, fellow Abbotsford MLA Simon Gibson, Chilliwack's John Martin, Richmond's Teresa Wat and Peace River South MLA Mike Bernier, who dropped out of the leadership contest early on.
De Jong's record as finance minister is both his greatest strength and weakness, as he tries to emphasize five balanced budgets and move past the penny-pinching reputation that members blame for the election loss.
Tom Fletcher is B.C. legislature reporter and columnist for Black Press. Email: tfletcher@blackpress.ca
Soon after he arrived in the White House, Trump signed an executive order to enforce the so-called global gag rule, which forbids organizations receiving U.S. funding from providing access to the procedure — or even mentioning it.
The W7 summit coincides with the first in-person meeting of the G7 gender equality advisory council, which includes such high-profile members as Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai, Christine Lagarde, the head of the International Monetary Fund, and billionaire philanthropist Melinda Gates.
It remains unclear how many of the members will be coming to Ottawa, but the event includes a panel discussion with Trudeau on Thursday.
The goal of the advisory council, which will be developing its preliminary recommendations for what they would like to see Trudeau champion around the G7 table, is to make sure gender equality — as well as gender-based analysis — is considered throughout what Canada brings to the summit.
Farrah Khan, an anti-sexual violence educator and advocate who is a member of the G7 advisory council, said the council will spend their time together hammering out their preliminary recommendations, which will go to Trudeau and Status of Women Minister Maryam Monsef for review.
Khan said the timeline is tight, but she sees the endeavour as the beginning of something that will last beyond the meeting in June.
"I think no matter the time that we are given or the space that we're given, I think we are going to take up that space and more and ensure that this (has) a ripple effect," said Khan, the manager of the office of sexual violence support and education at Ryerson University in Toronto.
She also said it is important to remember that a government-organized advisory council is neither the beginning nor the end of the work that each of its members — and the feminist movement in general — has been doing to champion the rights of women and girls around the world.
"This is only one part of the push," she said. "Social movements aren't built by the state."
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every night is date night when you're TV handy-man Nick Knowles .
Just last week TOWIE star Pascal Craymer confirmed they were on - and then off - and now the ladies' man has stepped out with yet another woman on his arm.
This time Lark Rose to Candleford actress Olivia Hallinan, 32, is getting the Nick Knowles experience, with the pair having been spotted out on their second date.
Nick, 55, put on his most dapper gear for the occasion, looking every inch the gent as they left London's Gielgud Theatre following a performance of The Ferryman on Thursday.
(Image: BACKGRID UK)
(Image: BACKGRID UK)
But the night was young, and the pair - who were also spotted together in September - followed up their get-together with a drink at a nearby pub.
Olivia plays Laura Timmins on the BBC drama, and is also famous for her role as Kim Daniels in Channel 4 series, Sugar Rush.
It comes after Pascal, 30, last week confirmed she'd been seeing Nick, telling The Sun on September 26: "He's so lovely.
(Image: Channel 4)
(Image: Lia Toby/WENN.com)
"We're dating, we're seeing how it goes. I have a fun time with him.
“He gets portrayed badly but he's a nice guy. We are meeting again soon.”
However, earlier this week her rep backtracked, telling the Daily Mail: "They remain good friends, indeed they may go on another date but they are not in a relationship - both remain single.”
(Image: PA)
And a source told The Sun that while Nick liked Pascal, he wants to keep his options open.
"Nick is loving the single life and the chance to meet a lot of new people,” the insider said.
"Olivia is a really sweet girl and they had a good laugh on the date. She's very much his type – she's intelligent, she's charming – so who knows where it will go?"
Nick, who is gearing up to launch his debut album, Every Kind Of People, next month has been dating up a storm since splitting with his wife Jessica Rose Moor in January 2016 and then again in December 2016.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: PA)
Emmerdale actress, Gemma Oaten, 33, accused him of dumping her by text after they hooked up in September 2016.
However, Nick has previously defended himself against the Lothario rumours, insisting, “In a week I've been out four times for dinner, three times with women and I got photographed once.
“I only need to be photographed having dinner with somebody and I'm dating them, which is a bit harsh…if I get photographed with somebody it doesn't mean we're dating.”
Authorities say icy and snow covered roads caused a rollover crash in Sanilac County.
It happened on Monday, March 13 about 5:15 p.m. on Galbraith Line Road near Bailey Road in Maple Valley Township.
Investigators said 55-year-old Mary Bakewell of Brown City was heading eastbound on Galbraith Line Road when the ice and snow caused her to lose control of her 2002 Jeep Grand Cherokee.
The vehicle went of the road to the right, rolled twice and came to rest on its tires in the ditch.
Bakewell was checked by Brown City Fire and Marlette EMS, then taken to McLaren Port Huron by a third party for treatment.
Police said she was wearing her seatbelt and alcohol was not a factor.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Fast food jobs pay some of the lowest wages in the country, giving workers little reason to stick around if they get a better offer and proving costly to employers who need to find people to replace them.
In California, one Chick-fil-A franchisee says he's trying to break the cycle.
Eric Mason, who for the last three years has owned a Chick-fil-A off the highway near the Sacramento airport, says that next week he'll start hiring “hospitality professionals” starting at $17 an hour, up from the $12 to $13 an hour he pays now.
“When we go to the living wage, we're looking for people who are trying to raise families, improve their lifestyle,” he told ABC10 News on May 26. “Maybe they could just work one job, and then it's sustainable. What that does for the business is provided consistency, someone that has relationships with our guests. It's going to be building a long-term culture.”
Mason's marketing manager Marena Weisman confirmed to CNNMoney that the franchise would be hiring between 35 and 45 people at the new rate, for work in both the front and the back of the house, and that all current employees are encouraged to apply for the positions.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, fast food cooks in the Sacramento area make an average of $11.42 an hour, about a dollar higher than the national level.
Even though California's minimum wage is currently $11 an hour, and will rise steadily to $15 by 2022, Mason's $5 jump is unusual.
“All responsible employers are preparing for the impact of the increasing minimum wage, but they are usually doing it over time and planning for it,” says Carey Klosterman, director of research and compensation services at the California Employers Association.
One reason why: Even employees making just a little bit more than the minimum wage tend to expect raises too. So if employers raise wages too quickly, it can get expensive.
“While increasing the wage to this level at a fast food restaurant is commendable, I don't foresee that many businesses will likely be following in their footsteps,” Klosterman says.
Such big hikes in wages are also especially rare in franchised industries, where the headquarters often charges steep royalties and controls many aspects of the operation — including prices and promotions. That can make life difficult for franchisees in areas with higher fixed costs like wages.
“If you're in a territory where labor is much higher than the rest of the country, you could be underwater,” says Peter Lagarias, an attorney for franchisees based in San Rafael, California. “When these kinds of pressures all build up, you can understand that franchisees are hurting.”
Lagarias hasn't seen the franchise agreement for Chick-fil-A, which is relatively new to California, so it's not clear whether an owner-operator could pass along increased labor costs by charging higher prices. Chick-fil-A is unusual in that each owner is limited to one store apiece, which keeps them more involved in day-to-day operations.
A spokeswoman from Chick-fil-A's corporate office said only that local operators make their own hiring and wage decisions.
However, Mason's strategy could pay off in the long run.
Research has shown that raising wages can reduce turnover, which in the restaurant industry can be as high as 100% per year. Each time a worker leaves, it costs the restaurant owner money because they then have to fill the shift with someone else.
Mason is also correct to point out that many low-wage workers have to hold down multiple jobs at a time in order to survive, and that full-time work at a livable wage is something many would try hard to keep.
“The reason people leave low wage jobs is that they're trying to find something just a little bit better,” says Sylvia Allegretto, a labor economist at the University of California, Berkeley.
At $17 an hour, Mason's “hospitality professional” positions could be practically immune from turnover.
“You're going to try very hard to get that job, and you're going to be a very good, diligent productive worker,” Allegretto says. “Because if you lose that job, your next job will be back down close to the minimum wage.”
That may position Mason's store to succeed in what's rapidly become a job seekers' market. Sacramento's unemployment rate tracks the national average, which is currently 3.9%. That's the lowest rate it's been since 2000 and it's expected to keep dropping through 2018.
A $17 wage would also allow Mason to be picky with the people he hires, and according to a job description, those expectations are high.
A successful applicant, it reads, “must love to smile & connect with people, make eye contact & speak enthusiastically” and “makes working hard and delivering high standards look easy and effortless, enabling others to be efficient and effortless as well.”
MPCHS Students of Character
Congratulations to Willow Barton and Wayne Klopfenstein as they were recognized as the MPCHS Students of Character for November 2017! They are both seniors and have done a great job of exhibiting the pillars of character in our school and community!
If you see them around school or around town please tell them CONGRATULATIONS!!! 🙂
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. — July 2, 2018 — W. L. Gore & Associates Inc. (Gore) today announced the first patient implant of the GORE® TAG® Conformable Thoracic Stent Graft with ACTIVE CONTROL System after being included on the Australian Register of Therapeutic Goods last month in Australia.
The first implants were performed by Professor Ian Spark at Flinders Medical Centre, Adelaide, South Australia.
The thoracic endovascular aortic repair (TEVAR) device is the first to feature a new delivery system that provides the physician with controlled, staged deployment. The system optimizes accuracy, angulation, and apposition to treat etiologies of the descending thoracic aorta including aneurysms, transections, and acute and chronic Type B dissections.
The GORE Active Control System enhances the exceptional conformability of the stent graft; facilitating the optimized wall apposition that the Conformable GORE Tag Device is renowned for even in complex anatomies, such as acute aortic angles. The novel staged deployment feature enables the physician to refine positioning and angulate the stent graft within the body to achieve optimal placement prior to full-diameter expansion. The angulation control capability gives physicians the option to angulate the device to achieve orthogonal placement to the aortic blood flow lumen and maximize conformability and seal. These features enable physicians to more confidently perform endovascular treatment even in anatomies where tortuous vessels might historically have suggested open surgery.
“The Gore Tag Conformable Stent Graft is a reliable and trusted device that I have used for TEVAR procedures with my patients for many years,” Professor Spark comments. “The availability of the new Gore Active Control System is an exciting advancement because it significantly enhances the control I have when deploying the stent graft, making it easier to accommodate challenging anatomies. The angulation and precision deployment capabilities could decrease the risk of common complications and reduce the likelihood for future interventions that result in additional trauma for patients and costs to providers. Both the control in the delivery system and long-term benefits of the stent graft mark significant advancement for the medical community.”
The new product offering features the same time-tested stent graft as the Conformable Gore Tag Device, whose predictable outcomes have been established through its long-term freedom from reintervention (89 percent for aneurysms in the descending thoracic aorta* and 100 percent for traumatic transections**) through five years, and 90 percent dissection-related survival through 1 year***. The device is a unique combination of proprietary ePTFE graft material and a fully supported, nested, nitinol stent.
“Since Gore pioneered the first Tevar device in Europe two decades ago, we have welcomed feedback from our physician partners to innovate and evolve our stent graft offerings for better long-term patient care,” said Eric Zacharias, vascular business leader at Gore. “The Gore Tag Device family has a legacy of trusted performance and durability, and we knew we could build on that by enhancing control during deployment which would help make Tevar procedures more predictable for physicians. Physicians can now deploy our thoracic stent graft in the descending thoracic aorta with more operative ease, even in those patients with extremely angulated aortic arches, and meet the clinical and practical challenges of Tevar with confidence. With this latest product iteration, Gore is continuing its unparalleled commitment to developing solutions that advance endovascular solutions for diseases of the aorta.”
The Gore Tag Conformable Stent Graft with Active Control System is part of the growing family of endovascular products that share a mission to effectively treat aortic disease, backed by Gore's highly rated clinical support team and educational offerings. The comprehensive portfolio of products includes the Gore EXCLUDER® AAA Endoprosthesis for the treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA), as well as the Gore Excluder Iliac Branch Endoprosthesis (IBE), the first FDA approved off-the-shelf device indicated for the endovascular treatment of common iliac artery aneurysms or aortoiliac aneurysms. For potential additions to Gore's branched portfolio, studies are ongoing for the Gore Excluder Thoracoabdominal Branch Endoprosthesis (TAMBE), and enrollment continues in the Gore Tag Thoracic Branch Endoprosthesis (TBE) Pivotal Study to assess safety and effectiveness in treating lesions of the aortic arch and descending thoracic aorta.
* TAG08-03 Clinical trial for treatment of aneurysms of the descending thoracic aorta
** TAG08-02 Clinical trial for Traumatic Transections
*** TAG08-01 Clinical trial for Acute Complicated Type B Dissection Clinical Trial
Posted July 3, 2018
Source: W. L. Gore & Associates
I just love how the mouth-coating texture and full-bodied weight of rich reds and creamy whites taste at this time of year.
They pair well with mainstay winter dishes such as braised meats, rich pastas and bean stews. The right bottle is the perfect excuse for a great night in. So here are five such bottles priced at under $40 — less than the cost of a night out for two at the movies.
2016 Mitolo The Nessus Shiraz, McLaren Vale, Australia (Vintages 457291 $17.95 in stores only)
Hitting shelves in Ontario on Feb. 3, this stunning Shiraz starts with warm aromas of stewed plums and dark chocolate before swathing the palate with a deeply plush, velvety richness imbued with flavours of macerated dark berries, ripe damson and bittersweet chocolate. Allusions of tar, black olive and black pepper underpin that generous chocolate-berry core and taper to a final tug on the finish. Full-bodied deliciousness that tastes like it was made for pouring on brisk winter days — maybe with roast beef. Score: 94
2015 Sonoma-Cutrer Russian River Ranches Chardonnay, California (Vintages Essential 608653 $27.95 in stores and online)
If you like lemon meringue pie, you'll love this gorgeous white wine. Tantalizing scents of lemon zest and toasted meringue lead to a smooth, creamy lick of bright lemon custard edged with freshly baked butter pastry that tastes luxe and polished. The finish is long, slow and ends with a final twist of lemon oil. This classic and toasty style of wooded Chardonnay is the perfect pour for a cosy night in with cheese fondue or raclette. Score: 90
2013 Negrar Amarone della Valpolicella Classico DOCG, Veneto, Italy (LCBO 44784 $37.10 in stores and online)
Made from partially dried grapes, Amarone is always big and muscular, often hedonistic, and a bit special because it costs a bit more to produce and to buy. But when it's good, it's marvellous — especially on a mid-winter day when Jack Frost has been nipping at your nose. This bottle is a very fine example with its aromas of black cherries, warm figs and tobacco; silky smooth entry; and mouth-filling thunderclap hit of dried plum, black cherries and figs edged with warm dates, espresso, tobacco, freshly turned earth and more. It's a powerhouse of flavour worthy of beef tenderloin. Score: 92+
2015 J. Lohr Los Osos Merlot, Paso Robles, California (Vintages Essential 27516 $22.95 in stores and online)
Do you like perfectly ripe cherries dipped in really good, melting milk chocolate? If so, taste this wine. None of that shock of searing acidity or gum-drying grip of a tough tannin you might find in other styles of red, just one big swirl of plush goodness imbued with bone dry flavours of cherry, chocolate, vanilla and cream to warm up any winter night. Goes beautifully with spice-rubbed, oven roasted chicken. Score: 89
For the first time since 1979, the continental United States will get a glimpse of a total solar eclipse.
Walter Cronkite was on the anchor desk of the CBS Evening News the last time the rare celestial event moved its way across the country.
Watch Cronkite's original report “the way it was” when he delivered it 38 years ago.
James McAvoy's mother has passed away.
The 38-year-old actor has been left devastated after he found out that his mum Liz Johnstone had sadly passed away at the age of 59 in the council flat he grew up in along with his sister Joy in Glasgow, Scotland, following years of ill-health.
A local source told Daily Record newspaper: "Liz had health troubles and faced up to them as well as possible but it meant she really kept herself to herself.
"She had no desire to change her life on the back of his fame. She wished to stay in Drumchapel and that's what she did.
"She never ever held any airs and graces about James and Joy being on TV or in movies and she would play it down. But she was very proud of them both.
"Her parents have always been just the same and never wanted any fuss. They were proud of their grandchildren as any other grandparents would be.
"They are extremely nice and down to earth people and that probably helped keep James fairly grounded despite his big success."
Although he was close with his mother, James was raised by his grandparents after Liz and his dad James Snr decided to split up when he was seven years old.
The 'Split' actor lost contact with his dad after the separation but James Snr believes he "took it hard" because he always longed for his parents to get back together.
In 2008, James Snr told the Daily Mail newspaper: "I think James still had hopes of me and his mum sorting things out.
The latest hair trend in Hollywood will give you serious nostalgia. Jaime King is the latest celeb to get a modern perm, and we're obsessed with the results!
The 38-year-old Heart of Dixie actress documented her time in the hairdresser's chair on Instagram, showing all the steps that go into the perfect perm. In the first picture, she's munching on a hamburger while her hair is twisted up on perm rods, and she gives a shout out to LA-based hair stylist Kiley Fitzgerald in the caption.
King also shared a time lapse video of the process, where you can watch her hair get twisted, treated, and blown out. In the caption, she wrote that it's her first perm since third grade, which begs the question: does anyone have pictures of baby Jaime with a perm?!
Don't forget to swipe to the next image to see the final look! We're loving the curls on her.
King isn't the only actress to get a perm recently, either. Emma Stone also visited Mare Salon to get her curl on with friend Rachel Goodwin.
The perm movement is sweeping the nation—which star do you think will embrace curls next?!
Mickelson Cabinets is pleased to announce their quality line of products available to builders and designers who are in need of wholesale materials. While proud of their wholesale offers, they also provide special order cabinets that are still affordable.
Mickelson Cabinets offers low prices, while refusing to sacrifice value. Their line of kitchen and bathroom cabinets is made to last and features all plywood construction, full overlay doors and drawers, soft close slides and hinges and solid wood dovetail drawer boxes. Most cabinets are in stock and available within one business day.
Mickelson Cabinets offers one of the finest customer service departments available. They stand behind their products by offering a five-year limited warranty, giving customers the ability to enjoy their quality cabinets free of worry.
For more information on their quality products for builders and designers, visit Mickelson Cabinets on their website or call 509-608-3212.
About Mickelson Cabinets: Mickelson Cabinets was founded in 2016 by the father and son duo of Sheldon and Aaron Mickelson. Their vision is to deliver quality products at low costs in a quick period of time. Based in Spokane Valley, Washington, the company has become the largest supplier of in-stock cabinetry. The Mickelson family has a combined 60 years in the construction business with 15 of those years in the cabinet business. The family-owned business hopes to expand their reach across the continental United States.
Company : Mickelson Cabinets
Address : 225 N. Ella Road, Unit C, Spokane Valley, WA 99212
Telephone : 509-608-3212
Email ID : info@mickelsoncabinets.com
https://mickelsoncabinets.com/
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England prop Chris Hill had to leave Super League's opening match early when his wife went into labour while at the game.
The Warrington front rower exited midway through the second half of their 16-12 defeat to champions Leeds.
Wife Kathryn had been sat in the stands at the Halliwell Jones Stadium when she started going into labour with the couple's fourth child.
Warrington coach Steve Price said: “We were aware of it pre-game - she'd had a few contractions prior to the game.
(Image: Action Images)
(Image: PA)
“Chris made that decision and we fully supported him.
“It was important that Chris did the right thing and be by the side of his wife.
“I've never been in that situation before but it is what it is.
“It's one of those things, the timing was perhaps in Leeds' favour.”
(Image: Instagram/alexwalmsley90)
It's not the first time a Super League prop has had to dash to the hospital for the birth of his child.
St Helens' Alex Walmsley left his side's match at Wakefield in September during the second half to be with wife Simone.
Walmsley was just too late to witness the birth of son Atticus but later posted pictures of himself on social media at the bedside in full kit.
By The Associated Press
Colorado AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Blackmon cf 5 0 0 0 0 0 .325 LeMahieu 2b 4 0 0 0 0 2 .279 Arenado 3b 4 0 0 0 0 1 .284 Reynolds 1b 4 0 0 0 0 2 .300 Desmond lf 3 2 1 1 1 2 .280 Tapia rf 4 3 4 0 0 0 .261 Story ss 4 0 2 1 0 0 .215 Wolters c 2 0 0 0 1 1 .296 Marquez p 1 0 0 1 0 0 .143 Rusin p 0 0 0 0 0 0 .400 b-Amarista ph 1 0 1 1 0 0 .325 Ottavino p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — McGee p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — d-Valaika ph 0 0 0 1 0 0 .232 Holland p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Totals 32 5 8 5 2 8
Pittsburgh AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Frazier 2b 3 1 1 0 1 1 .288 Harrison 3b 4 0 1 0 0 1 .305 Polanco rf 4 0 0 0 0 1 .244 Jaso lf 4 0 1 0 0 0 .246 Bell 1b 3 0 0 0 1 0 .233 McCutchen cf 4 0 1 0 0 1 .255 Cervelli c 3 0 1 0 0 0 .253 Moroff ss 3 0 1 0 0 0 .136 Kuhl p 1 0 0 0 0 0 .000 a-Osuna ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .257 Santana p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Hudson p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — c-Freese ph 0 0 0 0 1 0 .277 Watson p 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Marinez p 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 e-Diaz ph 1 0 0 0 0 1 .326 Totals 31 1 6 0 3 5
Colorado 010 020 101—5 8 0 Pittsburgh 000 001 000—1 6 1
a-grounded out for Kuhl in the 5th. b-singled for Rusin in the 7th. c-walked for Hudson in the 7th. d-out on sacrifice fly for McGee in the 9th. e-struck out for Marinez in the 9th.
E_Bell (4). LOB_Colorado 5, Pittsburgh 8. 2B_Tapia (2), Frazier (8). HR_Desmond (4), off Kuhl. RBIs_Desmond (20), Story (25), Marquez (4), Amarista (15), Valaika (11). SB_Frazier (5). CS_Tapia (1). SF_Valaika. S_Wolters, Marquez.
Runners left in scoring position_Colorado 3 (Blackmon, LeMahieu 2); Pittsburgh 5 (Harrison 2, Jaso, Osuna 2). RISP_Colorado 2 for 9; Pittsburgh 1 for 8.
Advertisement
Runners moved up_Story, Polanco. GIDP_Polanco, Kuhl.
DP_Colorado 2 (Marquez, Story, Reynolds), (Reynolds, Story, Rusin).
Colorado IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Marquez, W, 5-3 5 4 1 1 1 2 82 4.19 Rusin, H, 5 1 1 0 0 0 0 11 2.25 Ottavino, H, 17 1-3 1 0 0 1 1 18 3.09 McGee, H, 8 1 2-3 0 0 0 1 1 20 1.32 Holland 1 0 0 0 0 1 11 1.09 Pittsburgh IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Kuhl, L, 1-6 5 4 3 3 1 3 75 5.61 Santana 1 1-3 2 1 1 1 2 23 5.40 Hudson 2-3 0 0 0 0 1 8 5.20 Watson 1 0 0 0 0 2 12 3.99 Marinez 1 2 1 1 0 0 18 4.22
Marquez pitched to 2 batters in the 6th.
Inherited runners-scored_McGee 3-0, Hudson 2-0. HBP_Marquez (Cervelli), Ottavino (Moroff). WP_Marquez.
Umpires_Home, Chris Conroy; First, Ben May; Second, Ed Hickox; Third, Jerry Meals.
T_3:19. A_17,308 (38,362).
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chris Eubank Jr is back in action this weekend as he embarks on his World Boxing Super Series adventure in his quarter-final vs Turkish fighter Avni Yildirim.
The pair clash in Stuttgart, Germany for the right to fight George Groves or Jamie Cox in the semi-final.
Eubank Jr will defend his IBO World title, though that is an afterthought with the $50m prize money on offer to the winner of the super middleweight tournament, in addition to Groves' WBA Super World title should he at least reach the final.
Callum Smith is already into the semi-finals after beating Erik Skoglund on points, while Jurgen Brahmer is in action later this month against Robert Brant in the other quarter-final.
Here's everything you need to know about the fight:
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
When and where is the fight?
The fight takes place on Saturday, October 7 in Stuttgart, Germany at the Hanns-Martin-Schleyer Halle in Stuttgart. It will be Eubank Jr's second fight abroad in his professional career after a forgotten triumph over Tadas Jonkus in 2012 in Denmark.
What time is the ring walk?
The ring walk is expected to be around 10pm UK time.
How can I watch it?
The fight is live on ITV Box Office and will cost £9.95 with the broadcast starting at 6:45pm UK time. It can also be streamed live on TV Player.
(Image: www.alamy.com)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Live stream details
ITV Box Office is available on the following through TVPlayer.
Desktop
iOS
Android
Windows phone
Xbox
Samsung TV
Apple TV
Amazon Fire
Who's on the undercard?
British fans will not be too familiar with the names on the undercard, though one to watch out for will be German super middleweight prospect Stefan Haertel, who takes on Viktor Polyakov aiming to maintain his perfect record and move to 15-0.
Sauerland-promoted Zach Parker is in action against Matingu Kindele with the Brit aiming to move to 14-0 and move closer to fighting some of the box office names in the 168-pound division in the UK.
Odds 1/6 Chris Eubank Jr 33/1 Draw 5/1 Avni Yildirim
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sammy Ameobi's goal downed Bristol City as they suffered a seventh Sky Bet Championship defeat of the season at the hands of Bolton Wanderers.
Lee Johnson's side had seen off QPR in their previous match but were not at the races at the Macron Stadium on Friday night in front of over 500 Robins supporters as they lost 1-0.
Bobby Reid had an early shout for a penalty turned down while Aden Flint appeared to be hauled over by his shirt in the second half in the Bolton box.
Nonetheless, Ameobi's superb effort where he brushed off Joe Bryan before smashing an effort past Luke Steele was the decisive moment in the game.
Johnson chucked on the likes of Lois Diony and Gustav Engvall to force the leveller for City but it wasn't to be for the away side.
Here's how the City fans took to the defeat and the performances from the Robins players.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - More than 20 years after the infamous O.J. Simpson murder trial, Kato Kaelin says he's proven to be a different person than what much of America thought.
"I think the misconceptions were that I was a freeloader. I think the misconceptions were that I was this airhead guy and I think with all the time that's passed, it's been kind of the opposite," Kaelin said.
If Kaelin's shown anything over the years, it's his ability to stay employed and in the public eye.
"I'm so busy! I don't know how I had time to talk to you, but I did because I like you!" he joked.
And Kaelin really likes his current gig as emcee of Wizard World Comic Con in St. Louis.
"Music acts, jugglers, dancers, think America's Got Talent. I'm the emcee," he said.
From his commercial work and clothing line to his television and film careers, Kaelin says it wasn't until he saw himself portrayed in FX Network's "The People vs. O.J. Simpson" that his wild ride came full circle.
"It didn't seem like it was part of my life and I'm looking at it going, 'It's part of my life.' That's the real surreal part." added Kaelin.
And how's this for surreal: Kaelin says the last time he saw O.J. was in a restroom during Simpson's deposition in the civil case that followed his murder trial.
"While I'm at the urinal, he walked in and was right next to me and was asking, 'Hey, what's up?' There was nothing I could say, so I walked out," he said.
With Simpson now on parole, Kaelin says O.J.'s thirst for attention not only channels his charm but fuels his failures.
"My opinion is his ego was so big that he heard what he wanted to hear," Kaelin said.
Known best for his part in the past, Kaelin says his best days are still ahead.
"Maybe if there's a person upstairs you believe in or not, saying your time wasn't then, your time is now. I'm hoping my time is now," he said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A twerking teenager has and sparked controversy with a raunchy routine watched by her father.
Sara Seifert, 18, shocked judges and viewers when she unleashed her sensual performance during Croatia's 'Super Talent' show, their version of Britain's Got Talent.
Her routine was watched and cheered by her doting dad, but some are a little uneasy with his reaction to his daughter's talent.
She walked onto the stage, wearing a blonde wig and a black dinner jacket, and sat down at a white piano as if to play a piece of classical music.
(Image: CEN/Supertalent Hrvatska)
(Image: CEN/Supertalent Hrvatska)
But Miss Seifert whipped off her jacket, to reveal that she was wearing ultra-short shorts underneath, as a dance music beat began to play.
As the camera focused on the teenager's bum, she began to twitch her buttocks in time to the music as the judges looked on open-mouthed.
The teenager then leapt to her feet, discarding her wig, and - facing away from the audience - launched into a raunchy dance performance.
(Image: CEN/Supertalent Hrvatska)
(Image: CEN/Supertalent Hrvatska)
Twerking her bum throughout, at one point on her knees, the judges looked stunned with one female member of the panel putting her hands on her head and then wafting a male colleague with a piece of paper as if to cool him down.
Miss Seifert's performance - and the way her smiling father was seen giving her raunchy performance the thumbs up - has sparked a national debate online.
But the teenager said that she did not see anything controversial in her father's actions as her parents always supported her in whatever she did.
(Image: CEN/Supertalent Hrvatska)
(Image: CEN/Sara Seifert)
(Image: CEN/Sara Seifert)
Miss Seifert said she had expected a reaction to her routine but had been taken aback by the amount of criticism she and her father had received.
"Twerking is not easy, I never had any previous experience in dancing before. People should appreciate my efforts," she said.
She added that she had learnt to twerk by watching videos on YouTube and had been practising six days a week for four years to perfect her moves.
Miss Seifert says that she intends to carry on twerking and revealed that she wanted to move to Ireland as her brother was living in Dublin.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MOUNT VERNON, Wash. -- Construction is underway at the new Diagon Alley, where some Harry Potter fans will have the chance to attend camp this summer.
Volunteers are working to get the wizardly world of Harry Potter ready in time for Camp Korey's opening in Mount Vernon next month.
The camp leveled a huge area where children with serious medical conditions can play and explore the recreated alley made famous in the Potter movies.
Jonathan Chambers, the founder of the original Diagon Alley Project in Seattle's Ballard neighborhood, built two massive building that will be fully interactive with working windows and doors.
He says he's excited to give this piece of Harry Potter magic to kids who could really use it.
"The camp has the facilities here to allow them to come to camp, enjoy camp, even with these serious medical conditions they have and now they get to experience Diagon Alley. It's just amazing for them," Chambers said.
The original Diagon Alley raised $45,000 for pancreatic cancer research.
Chambers says they have one more weekend to finish the job before campers arrive in late June.
Camp Korey is named for Korey Rose, a teen who lost his battle with bone cancer at age 18. His father, Tim Rose, founded Camp Korey in 2005 with his family to honor Korey's memory and create a safe haven for other families dealing with childhood illness and serious medical conditions. It is provided free of charge.
Camp Korey is moving to Mount Vernon after spending years in Carnation.
Morning News Brief: 'Unite The Right' Rally In Charlottesville Turns Deadly
After the deadly events in Virginia, President Trump blamed "many sides." Those remarks didn't go far enough for some, who called on Trump to denounce the white supremacists behind the violence.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
After the deadly events over the weekend in Charlottesville, Va., President Trump placed blame, quote, "on many sides."
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Yeah, and those remarks didn't go far enough for Democrats, and even many Republicans, who then called on the president to directly denounce the white supremacists behind the violence. Here's Republican Senator Lindsey Graham speaking on "Fox News Sunday."
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "FOX NEWS SUNDAY")
LINDSEY GRAHAM: He missed an opportunity to be very explicit here. And I would urge the president to dissuade these groups that he's their friend.
MARTIN: In an attempt to curb the criticism, Vice President Mike Pence later spoke out more forcefully. This happened last night.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE: We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK.
GREENE: And let's talk about this more with Jamelle Bouie, who's the chief political correspondent for Slate magazine. Jamelle, welcome.
JAMELLE BOUIE: Hi. Thank you for having me.
GREENE: So if the president was holding back on calling out these white nationalist groups, what do you make of that? Why would he be doing that?
BOUIE: It's a little hard to discern, in part because this isn't the first time he's done this or that the administration has done this - or his campaign. So recall last year when he was asked to denounce David Duke, and he said he had never heard of David Duke, and then so and so forth.
GREENE: Former KKK leader you're talking about, yeah.
BOUIE: Right, the former KKK leader. And later his campaign said, well, of course Donald Trump denounces David Duke. And so this is the kind of thing that's happened before. And I think that fact has led some observers, and frankly me, to wonder if this isn't an - like, an explicit political move, right? He, in some sense, recognizes that these are figures who see him as validating - who make up part of his, you know, most extreme activist base, and he doesn't want to alienate them.
GREENE: That would suggest that some at least think that that sort of response would be politically beneficial to the president. Is there no political risk for him if he doesn't strongly condemn groups like this?
BOUIE: Oh, there's huge political risk. Americans, in general, have a pretty difficult time talking about racism and race. But they can identify white supremacists pretty easily, too. And the reaction to what happened in Charlottesville across the country - marches in solidarity, you know, the denouncement from Republicans and Democrats - this suggests that President Trump is walking on very thin ice by not personally denouncing what happened in Charlottesville in sort of specific terms. And it doesn't help either that this - like, there's a noted contrast to his equivocation here, just with the events of the past week, where he was very resolute and firm and specific with the case of North Korea, for example.
GREENE: Which is known - I mean, he's known for being - for being blunt and specific. I just wonder, as you've taken all of this in over the weekend, what did - what is your takeaway? What are you thinking about this morning?
BOUIE: My - I guess my general thought is that when the president was elected, it felt at the time like there was a sudden validation of white nationalist attitudes - that those people were celebrating. And I think it's clear now that they were celebrating for a reason.
MARTIN: It's worth noting that an ally of Donald Trump's, Bob Dole, in his 1996 Republican address at the convention, said as follows. If there's anyone who has mistakenly attached themselves to our party in the belief that we are not open to citizens of every race and religion, let me remind you tonight, this hall belongs to the party of Lincoln. The exits, which are clearly marked, are for you to walk out of.
GREENE: Yeah, a lot of people have been pointing to some of those past comments over the weekend from people like Dole. Jamelle Bouie from Slate magazine, thanks for joining us this morning. We appreciate it.
BOUIE: Thank you for having me.
GREENE: And I think it's probably worth remembering the catalyst for all of these events in Charlottesville - right? - I mean, how it began before this turned deadly.
MARTIN: Yeah, so this was a gathering. It had been held as a United the Right rally. White supremacists and neo-Nazis were protesting the city's plan to remove this Confederate statue memorializing General Robert E. Lee. Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke was at the rally, and he said this.
(SOUNDBITE OF RALLY)
DAVID DUKE: This represents a turning point for the people of this country. We're going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump. That's what we believed in. That's why we voted for Donald Trump - because he said he's going to take our country back.
GREENE: Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke there. NPR's Sarah McCammon is on the line with us from Charlottesville, Va. Hi, Sarah.
SARAH MCCAMMON, BYLINE: Hi. Good morning.
GREENE: So David Duke talking about this as a turning point. What - was this rally ever really about Confederate monuments, or was it about much more?
MCCAMMON: Yes, and it's about something much bigger. I mean, that is what sparked it, but there is more to it. So over the last few months, as you may recall, in Charlottesville, we've seen a range of groups from, you know, the alt-right to white nationalists to the KKK coming here to protest the planned removal of the statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee that stands in a park here.
But the unifying theme from all these groups seems to be that they, you know, believe that what they describe as a white heritage, or European history and culture, are somehow under threat. And they see these Confederate symbols as a galvanizing issue.
And, of course, this is an issue that many cities are grappling with across the South and beyond. But, you know, things have really come to a head here in Charlottesville, which really, I should note, is known as a relatively progressive college town and a place where there's a lot local pushback to these far right-wing politics.
GREENE: It's interesting that you talk about other cities, which makes me wonder if this is a one-off, or is this sort of violence potentially becoming almost a new normal?
MCCAMMON: Well, it does happen at a time when this kind of overlapping and intersecting groups and their leaders - you know, people like David Duke - have said they're energized by President Trump's election. They're growing, at least in prominence, and there are some indications in numbers, as well. You know, they're - just yesterday in Seattle there was another right-wing rally.
Meanwhile, in Lexington, Ky., the mayor there has said he's going to remove two Confederate-era monuments, something he said he wanted to do anyway - planned to do anyway, but he's moving up that announcement in light of this weekend's events. And so, you know, it is something a lot of cities are facing at a time when this issue is kind of in the crosshairs of some of these groups.
GREENE: NPR's Sarah McCammon speaking to us this morning from Charlottesville, Va. Sarah, thanks very much.
MCCAMMON: Thank you.
GREENE: Now, earlier we heard from Vice President Mike Pence about the events in Charlottesville. And he actually made those comments while in Cartagena, Colombia.
MARTIN: The vice president is traveling this week in South America, and an issue surely to dominate discussions on this trip will be the deepening political crisis in Venezuela. Last week, President Trump surprised a lot of people by raising the option of U.S. military intervention in Venezuela.
GREENE: NPR's Tamara Keith is traveling with Vice President Pence. She joins us from Cartagena. Hey, Tam.
TAMARA KEITH, BYLINE: Hey.
GREENE: So before we get to the issues directly relating to this trip, the vice president comes out with some stronger language that people did not - had not heard from President Trump. What did you make of that?
KEITH: Yeah, he was responding to a reporter's question that, in part, included the criticism that President Trump has received. And Vice President Pence did this thing that he's sort of perfected at this point, which is translating President Trump, saying that President Trump made a strong statement about hatred and bigotry, but then saying the words - saying Nazis, saying white nationalists, saying the words that President Trump was criticized for not saying and condemning those groups firmly.
And then he also tried to sort of explain what the president had meant by saying that there were many sides, calling out the behavior of others of different militant perspectives, is what he said. And that was alluding to some of the more violent - a minority among the counter-protesters who did have more violent tendencies.
GREENE: OK, so Pence talking about Charlottesville on this trip, but also talking about a subject, or everyone is waiting to see how he handles a subject that involves other words from President Trump. He made these comments about a possible military option in Venezuela. A lot of people weren't totally clear on what he meant. How is Pence addressing this?
KEITH: Yeah, and again he did that role of Trump translator, saying...
GREENE: He's getting used to that, it sounds like.
KEITH: Exactly - that President Trump had sent them there to look for peaceful solutions, that when President Trump talked about a military option, he also said that there were many options. And Pence really put an emphasis on the many options. Here's what he said.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PENCE: What the world heard last week, in the voice of President Donald Trump, was resolve and determination, a determination not to let this moment slip, not to stand idly by while a neighbor collapses into dictatorship.
KEITH: And he was talking about Venezuela. President Trump's floating of the idea of a military option really did not play well here in Latin America. And there was sort of this remarkable moment of this joint press conference with Colombian President Santos standing right next to Vice President Pence, saying, since friends have to tell each other the truth, I've told Vice President Pence that the possibility of a military intervention shouldn't even be considered. He said that there's a history of U.S. military intervention in this region and that he would like it to stay in the past.
GREENE: And we should say, Venezuela has been in such political crisis with the president there trying to consolidate power - people - I mean, food shortages, it's just - it's just been a mess.
NPR's Tamara Keith is traveling with Vice President Mike Pence on his trip to Latin America. She's speaking to us from Cartagena, Colombia. Tam, thanks as always.
KEITH: You're welcome.
(SOUNDBITE OF JESSE COOK'S "SANTA MARTA")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg faced calls on Monday from U.S. and European lawmakers to explain how a consultancy that worked on President Donald Trump's election campaign gained access to data on 50 million Facebook users.
Facebook's shares fell more than 7 percent, wiping around $40 billion off its market value, set for their biggest drop since September 2012.
Lawmakers in the United States, Britain and Europe have called for investigations into media reports that political analytics firm Cambridge Analytica had harvested the private data on more than 50 million Facebook users to support Trump's 2016 presidential election campaign. (reut.rs/2pn8btD)
The scrutiny presents a new threat to Facebook's reputation, which is already under attack over Russians' use of Facebook tools to sway American voters with “fake news” posts before and after the 2016 U.S. elections.
Facebook was already facing new calls on Saturday for regulation from U.S. Congress and questions about personal data safeguards after the reports in the New York Times and London's Observer over the weekend.
“It's clear these platforms can't police themselves,” Democratic U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar tweeted.
“They say ‘trust us.' Mark Zuckerberg needs to testify before Senate Judiciary,” she added, referring to a committee she sits on.
On Monday, Republican Senator John Kennedy joined Klobuchar in calling on Zuckerberg to testify before Congress, and Democratic Senator Ron Wyden sent a letter to Zuckerberg asking for answers to questions regarding the company's policies for sharing user data with third parties.
Wyden, an influential senator on technology issues, asked how many times during the past ten years Facebook was aware of third parties collecting or processing data in violation of the company's platform policies, among several other questions.
“The lid is being opened on the black box of Facebook's data practices, and the picture is not pretty,” said Frank Pasquale, a University of Maryland law professor who has written about Silicon Valley's use of data.
Facebook usually sends lawyers to testify to Congress, or allows trade organizations to represent it and other technology companies in front of lawmakers.
It was not clear whether Republicans who hold congressional committee gavels would announce any hearings related to Facebook and Cambridge Analytica. But the calls reflected mounting bipartisan concern in Washington over whether internet firms are operating as fair trustees of the massive amounts of user data they collect.
Facebook said on Friday that it had learned in 2015 that a Cambridge University psychology professor had lied to the company and violated its policies by passing data to Cambridge Analytica from a psychology testing app he had built.
Facebook said it suspended the firms and researchers involved. It also said the data had been misused but not stolen, because users gave permission.
Cambridge Analytica and its CEO were not immediately available to comment on Monday.
Facebook shares fell 7 percent at $172.17, dragging the S&P 500 technology sector down 2.5 percent and weighing on the overall U.S. equity market.
Fears of increased regulation also weighed on peers. Shares of Twitter Inc fell 1.6 percent, Google parent Alphabet Inc lost 3.6 percent, and Snapchat parent Snap Inc lost 4.1 percent.
“Tech companies all use data one way or the other as part of their businesses,” said Shawn Cruz, senior trading specialist at TD Ameritrade in Chicago. “They are going to get a lot more scrutiny over what data they are collecting and how they are using it.”
‘VERY CONCERNING'
A spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May said the allegations were “clearly very concerning … It is essential that people can have confidence that their personal data will be protected and used in an appropriate way.”
Britain's Information Commissioner's Office said it would be considering the potential new evidence as part its separate civil and criminal probe into whether Facebook user data had been abused in British elections.
UK Parliamentary committee chairman and Conservative lawmaker Damian Collins said Facebook had avoided answering straight questions from the committee about what it knew about the abuse of its users' social media data by Cambridge Analytica.
“Someone has to take responsibility for this. It's time for Mark Zuckerberg to stop hiding behind his Facebook page,” Collins said in a statement.
The head of the European Parliament said on Monday EU lawmakers will investigate whether data misuse had taken place, calling the allegations an unacceptable violation of citizens' privacy rights.
Germany's Greens party also said it had asked the German government to report to parliament about the domestic impact.
In their joint letter, Kennedy and Klobuchar asked Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley to hold a hearing with Zuckerberg and the chief executives of and Twitter and Alphabet Inc's Google.—Reuters
How A Teenager's Actions Changed Punishments For Violent Juvenile Offenders
Forty years ago this month a 15-year-old boy in New York went on a crime spree that shocked the city and helped change the nature of sentencing minors in America. As part of a new WNYC podcast about the juvenile justice system called Caught Radio Rookies brings this story.
Palermo, May 30 - Italian police on Wednesday placed three people under investigation for insulting President Sergio Mattarella on social media. The trio were named as Manlio Cassarà, Michele Calabrese and Eloisa Zanrosso. Dozens of other insults and threats against Mattarella are being examined. Mattarella has been accused of scotching a League-Five Star government by rejecting its anti-euro economy minister. Cassarà wrote on Facebook "they killed the wrong Mattarella" referring to the president's older brother, Piersanti, gunned down by Cosa Nostra when he was Sicilian regional president in 1980. Calabrese wrote a similar phrase, while Zanrosso wrote "they killed your brother, wasn't that enough for you?".
Spotify Redesigns Its Free Tier, With Hopes Of Grabbing Even More Users
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images for Spotify Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images for Spotify
This morning in New York City, the streaming giant Spotify — which began publicly trading earlier this month and has a current valuation of $28 billion — held a press conference to announce changes to the free version of its mobile app for both iOS and Android. The company hopes that these new features, which will be rolled out in the weeks ahead, will create a sizable increase in its user numbers globally.
The company says that these changes to music fans' experience on its mobile, ad-supported app — which include 15 personalized "music discovery" playlists in which listeners can hear full songs on-demand as well as an optional "data saver" function, which reduces the amount of mobile data the app uses by up to 75 percent — will entice even more users to its free tier. Spotify's in-house playlists, such as Rap Caviar and Viva Latino, are important drivers of exposure (and by extension, revenue) for record labels and artists.
Some 90 million people currently use the free tier worldwide, while 71 million pay for its subscription service. As NPR has previously reported, 90 percent of the company's revenues come from subscriptions, not free listening.
Spotify argues that a large uptick in free-tier users could result in big gains for content creators and rights holders — mostly in terms of potential exposure to new fans. Even so, referring to the recorded music industry's glory days of peak sales, Gustav Söderström, Spotify's chief research and development officer, promised, "This will make the 1990s look like a practice run."
Overall, streaming is continuing to grow quickly: according to the 2017 International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) report, which was issued today, streaming revenue grew 41 percent last year, while download revenues declined by 20.5 percent and physical revenues went down 5 percent.
During Spotify's investor-day presentation last month, Spotify co-founder and CEO Daniel Ek stated that his company was working on launching its platform in some of the world's most populous markets, including India, China and across Africa. The reduced data load that Spotify promised today has the potential to make its streaming services far more friendly to users in those countries.
With these moves, Spotify is continuing to employ the classic tech-company strategy of scale-before-profit in the hopes of holding onto its first place in the music streaming marketplace, while Apple Music has amassed its 38 million subscribers to its service in just less than three years.
During a Q&A session with journalists that followed the presentation, Spotify executives were asked whether or not, with these changes to its mobile offerings and its emphasis on its free, ad-supported tier worldwide, the company would readdress or increase its payments to artists and labels. The answer was no.
Spotify is positioning its free service as a competitor to terrestrial radio worldwide, not to mention more direct competitors such as Apple Music, and that Spotify pays more to artists and rights holders than terrestrial commercial radio does. Söderström noted that radio was once the main vehicle for artist promotion, and that music fans then turned to record stores to buy music. Spotify's global head of creator services, Troy Carter (who formerly managed Lady Gaga and continues to manage Meghan Trainor, Kamasi Washington and Charlie Puth through his company Atom Factory), said that unlike the one-time profit that comes with selling a physical disc or vinyl album, streaming provides an ongoing source of revenue for artists. But, he acknowledged that with its much lower payout rates, streaming is a "paradigm shift" for artists. "We're focusing on scale," Carter added. "The bigger we get, the more we pay out."
Manchester: Manchester United have extended Ashley Young's deal for an extra year by triggering a one-year option in the versatile England wing back's contract, British media said on Monday.
The 32-year-old Young, who is in Gareth Southgate's England squad for their next two friendlies, has been in fine form for United, keeping left-back Luke Shaw out of the side.
The former Aston Villa winger's deal at Old Trafford was due to finish this season but his performances under Jose Mourinho saw him recalled to the national team squad in November.
Young was on the bench for Saturday's 2-0 FA Cup quarter-final win at home to Brighton & Hove Albion but was brought on at halftime for Shaw, whose future at United appears uncertain.
Shaw has played just 15 games for United this season, and only seven times in the Premier League, with Young, who joined the club from Villa in 2011, preferred in a wing back role.
England visits the Netherlands on Friday and host Italy on Tuesday in their build-up to the World Cup in Russia in June.
Edna Miller
Edna Miller, 82, of Bonaparte, Iowa, passed away at 7:11 a.m. Monday, May 28, 2018 at the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics in Iowa City.
Born on January 10, 1936, in Bonaparte, Iowa, the daughter of Roy Alvin and Bertha Edna (Gibbs) Parker. On November 14, 1953, she married Joe Miller at Bonaparte, Iowa.
Survivors include her husband Joe of Bonaparte; one daughter: Debbie Miller of Bonaparte; five grandchildren: Lezlee Miller of Bonaparte, Chad (Jennie) Simmons of Keosauqua, Amy (Josh) Simmons of Bonaparte, Lyle (Kaitlin) Sedore of Birmingham and Brady (Jessica) Sedore of Keosauqua and five great grandchildren: David, Mason, Bailee, Conner and Emery.
She was preceded in death by her parents; one daughter: Cindy Sedore; four brothers and four sisters.
Edna was a graduate of Bonaparte High School. She worked at the Glove Factory in Bonaparte as a seamtress. Edna enjoyed camping, cooking, going to auctions and softball games, deer hunting and bird watching. She was an avid Atlanta Braves Fan. Most of all Edna loved spending time with her family.
The family will receive friends from 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. Thursday, May 31, 2018 at Schmitz Funeral Home in Farmington.
A funeral service will be held at 11:00 a.m. at Schmitz Funeral Home in Farmington with Pastor Michael Elrod officiating.
Following the service her body will be entrusted to Schmitz Funeral Home for cremation.
Burial will be held at a later date at the Bonaparte Cemetery.
Memorials have been established in her memory for Bonaparte First Responders or Farmington EMT's.
Schmitz Funeral Home in Farmington is assisting the family with arrangements. On-line condolences to the family may be left at www.schmitzfuneralhomes.com.
ROSCH Patricio was awarded as the winner of the Davao Life is Here logo making contest on Monday, April 17 during the weekly flag ceremony.
Patricio is an illustrator working under Pastor Apollo Quiboloy.
He said he had been an illustrator since 2012 but this was the first time he joined the contest.
"Masaya pero unexpected talaga kasi alam ko na maraming sumali na maganda talaga, kasi nakita ko yung ibang entries (It's overwhelming but unexpected because I saw the other entries and they're good)," Patricio said.
Patricio's design featured Davao's leading icons, the Philippine Eagle, Mt. Apo, the indigenous people, Durian, and Waling-Waling.
He said he just depicted what is most popular in Davao City.
"Kung ano ang nakita ko na talagang sikat sa Davao yung Eagle, Mt. Apo at lahat nilagay ko sa icon (I put the most famous icons in Davao like the Eagle and Mt. Apo)," he said.
In a statement, Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte-Carpio said the winning logo was a standout, noting it perfectly captured the spirit and vision of Davao as a city of life, diversity, harmony, and unity.
"It represents what Davao City is all about and what Dabawenyos aspire for. The message is striking but the same, simple, life, diversity, and harmony, and unity," Duterte-Carpio said.
Ariel Encinas placed second and bagged P30,000 cash, as third-placer Reneboy Chona bagged P20,000 cash. Both also received their plaques of recognition on Monday.
Saudi Arabia Announces Opening Of Cinemas For First Time In 35 Years
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Saudi Arabia has announced that it will allow cinemas to open in the kingdom for the first time in decades as part of social and economic reforms undertaken by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
"Commercial cinemas will be allowed to operate in the kingdom as of early 2018, for the first time in more than 35 years," the culture and information ministry announced in a statement on Monday.
It said that the government would begin issuing cinema licenses immediately and that the first movie houses would be open by March.
The move is part of Salman's Vision 2030, a program aimed at liberalizing the socially conservative kingdom.
"This marks a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy in the kingdom," the information minister Awwad Alawwad said in the statement.
As recently as January, the country's top cleric, Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdul Al Aziz al-Shaikh, reportedly warned that cinemas breed "depravity" and corrupt the morals of the people.
As Bloomberg reports: "The kingdom hasn't had public cinemas since the early 1980s, when the U.S. box office was dominated by films including E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial and the Star Wars movie Return of the Jedi. After militants besieged the Grand Mosque in Mecca in 1979, most forms of public entertainment were banned and clerics were given more control over schools, courts and social life."
In September, Saudi Arabia took the dramatic step of announcing women will soon be allowed to drive, an offense in the past that had caused women to lose their jobs and be banned for years from traveling.
LOS ANGELES — Jordin Canada scored 21 points and Japreece Dean added 16 points to lead third-seeded UCLA to an 86-64 victory over No. 11 seed Creighton in the second round of the women's NCAA Tournament on Monday night.
UCLA (26-7) reaches the Sweet 16 for the third consecutive year and advances to the Kansas City Regional and will face Texas on Friday.
Canada, made six of seven shots and dished out eight assists to lead the Bruins. The senior guard, the Pac 12 defensive Player of the Year and three-time All-Conference guard, has scored 20 or more points in six of her last eight games.
Monique Billings scored 15 points and Kennedy Burke added 11 points for UCLA.
Audrey Faber led Creighton with 20 points and Olivia Elger added 13 for the Bluejays.
The Bruins scored on eight of their first nine possessions to jump to an early double-digit lead. Dean's 3-pointer at the 4:12 mark of the opening quarter gave UCLA an 18-7 lead. The Bruins kept the defensive pressure on the Bluejays and led 26-15 after the first quarter.
UCLA continued to use its speed and quickness in the second quarter and forced 10 first half turnovers while upping its lead to 49-32 at the break, following a pair of free throws by Billings down the stretch. Billings led the Bruins with 13 points in the first half. Creighton never got closer than 17 points in the second half.
Faber made 4-of-6 three pointer attempts and led the Bluejays with 16 points in the opening half.
Both teams shot over 50 per cent in the first half and UCLA held a slim 15-12 advantage on the glass.
Monday was only the second meeting all-time between Creighton and UCLA. The Bruins won the first meeting earlier this year, 72-63, at the South Point Thanksgiving Shootout on Nov. 25, 2017 in Las Vegas.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paramedics were called to treat a "person frozen in the snow" - but found something quite different.
Worried residents contacted the ambulance service because they saw a figure sitting on a park bench among falling snow.
But when medics arrived at the scene in Staffordshire they found their patient could not be helped - because it was a statue, the Birmingham Mail reports.
After answering a 999 call at 10:20am on December 11, West Midlands Ambulance crew rushed to Brampton Park in Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire, where they believed there was a member of the public who needed urgent medical assistance.
But on closer inspection, the person turned out to be a sitting scuplture.
West Midlands Ambulance paramedic Katie Tudor tweeted: “Next, call from a member of the public who was concerned that there was someone sat on a bench, not moving and covered in snow!
“Luckily, on our arrival, it turned out to be a statue."
(Image: @wmaskatietudor/Twitter)
A spokesman for West Midlands Ambulance Service said: “Somebody in their car spotted who they thought was a person covered in snow and called us. An ambulance arrived straight away and our crew was there for exactly minute and one second.
“The woman who called us had good intentions, but it's unfortunate that she didn't go over to check first that it wasn't a statue.”
The statue known as the Lady in the Park has been in Brampton Park since November 2014, when it was installed to mark the 100th anniversary of the outbreak of the First World War.
The life-sized sculpture depicts a woman reading a letter sent from the Armed Forces informing her that family members had died in battle.
(Image: @wmaskatietudor/Twitter)
Katie's tweet got a big reaction from Twitter.
Victoria Coyne tweeted: “I would've gone over and checked before I called an ambulance though."
Fellow paramedic Peter Bowles said: "Good grief! Perhaps ask the "patient" if they're OK from a safe distance, if you can, before calling 999???"
Have your say on marriage quality.
Have your say on marriage quality. Trevor Veale
AS OF today, you only have one month to get your vote in for the Australian Marriage Law Postal Survey.
You should have received your voting form by now. If you haven't, there is still time.
To request a form, call the information line on 1800 572 113 or go online.
It is easy to vote, there is only one question - "Should the law be changed to allow same-sex couples to marry?"
Key dates
October 20 - Last date or request new voting forms
October 27 - Postal votes should be mailed to ensure they arrive in time
November 7 - Cut off date for voting, votes must be received by 6pm or they will not be counted
November 15 - Results will be published on the Australian Bureau of Statistics website on November 15.
Have your say in our survey.
Emergency Health Services talks about how first responders dealt with this ‘mass casualty event'
More than a dozen ambulances raced to a Delta farm this weekend, as B.C. Emergency Health Services responded to one of their biggest calls of the year in the region.
It's what the agency calls a “mass casualty event,” with dozens of potential victims, some in serious to critical condition. More than 40 people were taken to hospital for carbon monoxide poisoning after they'd been power-washing a greenhouse.
Despite the confusion at the start as to what exactly happened, the response was “very, very well executed,” BCEHS executive vice president Linda Lupini told Black Press.
“The call came in … as symptoms that the patients thought were related to cleaning fluids: itchy, stinging eyes, dizziness and not feeling well generally.”
READ: Ambulances added, paramedic house calls expanding
The 911 dispatcher ran the caller through a series of questions prompted by the medical dispatch priority system, a computer program that tells dispatchers what questions to ask based on the answers they input.
“They're trained to use a system because human judgment in those situations is important, but in a secondary way,” said Lupini. “This computer system is better than most individuals.”
Dispatchers still have access to about 30 on-call doctors around B.C., as well as an advanced care paramedic sitting in on the call.
‘Well executed response'
In a press release issued by the company on Dec. 10, Windset farms said workers were disinfecting the greenhouse with gas-powered pressure washers in preparation for the new crop, something that happens annually at this time of the year and which the company says is considered standard practice in the industry.
When the first employee reported a feeling of being unwell, the on-site health and safety team took immediate steps to evacuation of the greenhouse, called for emergency support, and began triaging those most affected.
The first emergency responder sent to the Delta farm was a technical advisor who assessed the scene, Lupini said. They, as well as all other paramedics, are equipped with carbon monoxide monitors that begin to buzz when entering a contaminated area.
Thirteen ambulances were deployed. Paramedics assessed 10 patients in critical condition, and 32 in stable condition. Then, they began looking for hospitals to take the unexpected influx, as well as determining the most efficient means of transportation.
Ambulances respond to a site in northern Coquitlam to take a rescued dog walker to hospital. (Katya Slepian/Black Press)
“In this case, it was clear that most of the patients weren't severely impacted, so they were put into a bus with four paramedics, some equipment, and then paramedics following the bus,” said Lupini.
The bus delivered patients to hospitals throughout the Lower Mainland: Surrey Memorial, Royal Columbian, Burnaby Hospital, Lionsgate and Vancouver General.
The most severe cases went to the closest hospitals that could treat them: Delta Hospital and Richmond General. Most hospitals can provide the oxygen needed to treat carbon monoxide poisoning, but not all have hyperbaric chambers for the follow-up appointments that the most severely affected patients will need.
“That chamber is pressurized in such a way that massive amounts of oxygen go through your system and replace the carbon monoxide in your body,” said Lupini.
Carbon monoxide poisoning prevents oxygen from circulating properly. The initial symptoms are often flu-like; nausea, headaches, light-headedness. Left untreated, the lack of oxygen will start affected organ functions which can lead to seizures and a coma.
In a press release, Windset Farms it will ensure its workers receive whatever follow-up care they require over the coming days and weeks, adding it's people and their health and safety in the workplace is the company's top priority.
The farm will be reviewing the incident and considering what changes to its protocols are needed, as well as “working with both public and private agencies to fully understand and further strengthen our response and programs.”
“We are grateful to our site management, our health and safety officer, and our first responders for taking immediate steps to ensure everyone's safety.”
BCEHS Director of Patient Care for Vancouver Samantha Wilbur explains the paramedic expertise and high degree of coordination with other agencies involved in dealing with the mass casualty chemical incident yesterday at a Delta farm. pic.twitter.com/KX5vgq1utu — EmergHealthServices (@BC_EHS) December 11, 2017
Paramedics can fall pray to carbon monoxide poisoning too and are required to take a high-risk hazards course and come equipped with personal protective gear. The course also prepares paramedics for other hazardous substances, such as fentanyl, although Lupini said there's been no recorded instances of that, despite widespread concern.
“The training teaches front-line paramedics not to just run into a scene and not to assume.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The Rock*A*Teens, Cabbagetown's Vibrantly Weird Rock Band, Is Back
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brett Falcon/Courtesy of the artist Brett Falcon/Courtesy of the artist
We weren't allowed to leave the church grounds without an adult. Sex workers on one corner, drugs on another, and a whole lot of freaks and outcasts somewhere between. A good 40-minute drive away from the comfort of the suburbs, east Atlanta is where I first saw posters for the Rocky Horror Picture Show, discarded needles on the nearby playground and punks in shredded leather jackets. In the '90s, unbeknownst to this sheltered, Sunday school-going boy, an eccentric music scene emerged from the dilapidated, dangerous, but cheap Cabbagetown neighborhood. Cat Power's Chan Marshall, Smoke, the Opal Foxx Quartet, The Jody Grind — artists with raw voices and stranger stories. It was like Flannery O'Connor started several different bands.
Borne of this desperate and creative scene, The Rock*A*Teens' not-quite-rock haze was thick and mysterious, like a pair of cigarette-smoke-caked velvet lounge drapes smothering the stage, drenched in reverb. Led by guitarist Christopher Lopez, the band released a handful of records in the late '90s and early 2000s that would influence the likes of Okkervil River's Will Sheff and both A.C. Newman and Dan Bejar — to bring The New Pornographers' membership full circle, early Rock*A*Teens member and solo artist in her own right Kelly Hogan would later become Neko Case's go-to backing vocalist.
Now, 18 years since its last studio album, and few since the band started playing sporadic shows again, The Rock*A*Teens return with Sixth House. Joined by guitarist Justin Hughes, bassist William R. Joiner and drummer Ballard Lesemann, Lopez blows smoke from the screen of past records by dialing down the reverb (just a bit) to let the characters of his songs flourish.
YouTube
With a garage-rock swagger and shake, "Go Tell Everybody" tells the story of Bartholomew, Jesus' apostle who brought Christianity to India and Armenia, and, according to hagiography, was flayed alive and beheaded.
"Stake your tent yeah, prepare the meal / Start torching all the greenery / Start chewing all the scenery," Lopez sings with a wild howl in his voice, mimicking missionary fervor, but also warning that ideals will sometimes get you killed. This is the kind of darkly cinematic screenwriting that made those old Rock*A*Teens records so weirdly vibrant — death and triumph wrapped in an ambivalent apparition.
Sixth House comes out June 29 via Merge Records.
Lajovic lost his eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
Warwickshire Police are searching for missing 13-year-old Leah Gilraine.
She was last seen in Beausale near Kenilworth at about noon on Saturday (March 17).
Leah is described as white, with long dark hair usually worn in a ponytail, about 5ft tall and of a medium build.
She was last seen wearing a black puffer-style jacket with a furry hood, dark green trainers and green leggings. She often likes to wear full makeup, including false eyelashes.
Insp Richard Thomas said: "Leah hasn't been seen since Saturday so of course we're all concerned for her safety and welfare.
"It's possible she's actually left Warwickshire and headed for a town or city in the wider West Midlands area, so we're asking people across the region to keep their eyes and ears open for her."
If you have seen Leah or know where she might be then you can call police on 101.
You can also call or text the charity Missing People (www.missingpeople.org.uk) on 116 000.
Do you have a great idea for an online business? Then the next step is registering a domain name. Selecting the right domain is crucial, and could be the difference between your business' success and failure. Not sure where to begin?
First decide whether you want your website's name to describe your business, or to create a new brand. Sometimes a combination of the two is ideal. Let's take a look at both schools of thought.
Check out the best domain name services
Creating a New Brand vs Describing Your Business
Do you want potential customers to know what your business does by its domain name?
Do you want to create a one-of-a-kind company and brand identity?
Taking the creative approach?
If you go with a “creating a new brand” strategy to choosing a domain name, it's likely you are making up a word, or using a word that has no clear association to your company's products and services.
This creates the challenge of potential users not knowing what your company is all about by its name, but it can ultimately be the most powerful asset for shaping your company's identity.
Look at the growing list of domains that consist of words that had no meaning pre-Internet. Names like Google, Yelp, Trivago, Buzzfeed and more. Before you heard of those companies, you would never know what their business was about by their name. Now they are household names.
Another strategy for selecting a brandable domain name would be using a word that evokes feeling or emotion, but is not directly associated with your business.
For example, it wasn't too long ago that “Amazon” only made people think about a massive jungle in South America. Now when a person hears that word, they almost always think of the online superstore first.
Taking a descriptive approach?
Some of the most effective domain names clearly describe what a business does, or what type of content a user will find on the website. For instance, visitors to Weather.com, Dictionary.com and Realtor.com will have a good idea of that they are going to see when they visit those online destinations.
Granted finding an available one word .com website nowadays is likely impossible, and summing up your business in one word may be too difficult, so don't be afraid to group multiple words together.
Look at top online travel guide TripAdvisor.com, popular tech-focused parenting blog TechSavvyMom.com, or web development resource WebdesignerDepot.com. Descriptive domain names don't necessarily have to be short to be effective.
The potential risk of picking a descriptive domain name is that it's more difficult to create a brand identity around it. Potential customers may be able to tell what you're selling, but they may not get a sense for who you are, or how your company's services differ from competitors.
Additionally, descriptive domain names can pigeonhole your company into only offering what your domain name describes, making it difficult to expand your company's products or service offerings if needed
What's best for marketing and SEO?
Perhaps the best thing about creating a new brand with your domain name, is having an open canvas to shape your identity. On the negative side, potential customers will not automatically connect your products and service offerings with your name.
If you are creating a new word, it may also be challenging for users to remember. Also, many times creating an entirely new brand requires a more sophisticated and costly marketing plan in order to generate exposure and educate potential users. That means you may have to invest much more in search engine optimization (SEO), online/digital advertising, or even public relations.
On the flip side, If you have a descriptive domain name, it is likely that your keywords are already incorporated into your site's name. This can be a valuable asset, and provide instant free SEO and digital marketing for your website.
Although this tactic was a more effective way to improve your SEO rankings years ago, it has become increasingly less effective as Google's algorithm can penalize poor quality or less visited sites, even if their domain name exactly match search terms.
This means that you are going to need to do more than “keyword stuff” your domain name. Additionally descriptive websites may have more competition in search engines for your domain name because of other sites that operate in the same space.
What's the Best Choice for You?
Sometimes the best domain naming plan incorporates elements of both schools of thought. Perhaps it is possible that you can think of a new brand name that also stimulates a mental image of your products or services, or that uses some aspects of a descriptive domain naming strategy to create a new brand name.
Online photo sharing community Flickr.com is an example of a newly created brand with a name that makes users think of pictures. Another naming hybrid example is Groupon.com. Combining “group” and “coupon” to create a new word and brand name.
Finally, consider popular domain registrar Namecheap.com. It is an example of a part descriptive and part-brandable name. Why not have the best of both worlds?
KITCHENER — The province's Special Investigations Unit has cleared Waterloo Regional Police of any responsibility in a Kitchener man's hand injury when he was stopped by police last month.
On April 27, just before 2 a.m., an officer approached a parked vehicle on Ottawa Street.
When the driver saw the officer, he bolted and minutes later hit stone pavers near a house.
A passenger in the vehicle, a 23-year-old man, complained of pain to his right hand. He was taken to a hospital.
STAYNER, Ont. — Fire officials say five people have been seriously injured after a crash between a bus carrying school children and an SUV northwest of Toronto.
The Clearview Township fire department says five people in the SUV were seriously hurt, while some of those aboard the coach bus suffered minor injuries.
It says there were 41 teens, three adult chaperones and a driver on the bus, and none of them required transport to hospital, while some were treated at the scene.
The collision occurred on Highway 26 in Stayner, Ont.
Continuing the "stay strong" theme of this year's Love Advent calendar, Gigi Hadid sweats it out for Day 11 of the video series.
The model put her own spin on the calendar's workout theme by declaring it "freeform day" at the beginning of her video. Wearing a red Tommy Hilfiger x Gigi Hadid sports bra and leggings (emblazoned with her name, of course), she sports slick wet hair as she hits around a volleyball and practices some boxing moves.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Besides her impressive boxing and volleyball skills (she was actually a competitive volleyball player in high school), Hadid appears to be mostly un-retouched and is flaunting her underarm hair. Considering women's body hair is rarely embraced—let alone heralded as sexy—it's a bold move for both Hadid and the Love Advent series. We're here for it.
YouTube
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"I love seeing everyone else's videos," Hadid says of her inclusion in this year's series. "It's celebratory of epic human beings and always pushes boundaries. The fashion circle is a family, so the Love Advent kind of feels like a Holiday Year Book in a way. Headmaster Grand style."
The model joins this year's Love Advent lineup of models including Kendall Jenner, Sara Sampaio, Ashley Graham, Slick Woods, Emily Ratajkowski, Rita Ora, Doutzen Kroes, and more. Still set to appear in the 2017 workout-inspired calendar is Gigi's younger sister Bella. According to a teaser video, her workout of choice is flipping over a giant tire while wearing red lingerie—a move only slightly less relatable than Gigi's.
Senior Airman Octavious Tookes, 436th Aerial Port Squadron fleet service specialist, uses a magnetic lift to remove a sewer cover Feb. 8, 2017, at Dover Air Force Base, Del. Tookes showed members of Air Mobility Command's “Aerial Port of the Future” study team from Scott Air Force Base, Ill., how the lift is used to remove the cover prior to an aircraft lavatory service truck emptying its holding tank back in the APS compound. (U.S. Air Force photo by Roland Balik)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.08.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:26 Photo ID: 3167015 VIRIN: 170208-F-BO262-1192 Resolution: 4045x2691 Size: 3.84 MB Location: DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DE, US Web Views: 2 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC paves ground for Aerial Port of the Future [Image 1 of 9], by Roland Balik, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One eagle-eyed Corrie fan noticed a glaring error when Johnny Connor went to Roy's café for his breakfast – and was still there three hours later.
As Johnny and Jenny Bradley tucked into their cooked breakfast, the clock on the wall read nine o'clock.
But they were still there – with the same plate of food – three whole hours later, according to the same clock, which now read 12 o'clock.
"3hrs to eat your breakfast !!!!," Corrie spotter Kevin tweeted.
Meanwhile, Kym Marsh has opened up about her devastating new Coronation Street storyline.
There are seriously tough times ahead for Kym's character, Michelle, who will suffer a late miscarriage and lose her unborn son, Rauri.
And while this would be tough for any actress to play, it's especially hard-hitting for Kym, who lost her own son, Archie, when he was born prematurely at just 21 weeks old back in 2009.
(Photo: ITV)
Opening up about her decision to push ahead with the storyline, Kym told OK! magazine: "I have had to go to some really dark places when filming the heartbreaking scenes. But my family, friends and colleagues have been incredible.
"Losing a child is something that never leaves you, so revisiting those feelings as Michelle was a challenge," she continued.
"There was a counsellor on set at all times when we were filming the scenes.
(Photo: ITV)
"But the best tonic was to go home and see David, Emilie and Polly, which reminded me how lucky I am to have my children," she added.
Good morning (Thursday May 31) commuters.
For information on accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14, M11, A11 and A1, check out the updates as they happen below.
Delays and cancellations on the trains, affecting commuters heading into and out of London, and across Cambridgeshire, will also be updated.
We will be reporting on flight cancellations and delays to affect Stansted Airport .
Let us know if you spot anything that may affect your journey home from work - send us a tweet on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page
You can also stay one step ahead with all the latest on the roads by joining our Cambridge Traffic and Travel Facebook page. Click here to join, and avoid the queues.
Rashesh Shah, president of FICCI and CEO Edelweiss Group, said the industry is in consultation with the government to see if the current Pradhan Mantri Gramin Awaas Yojana benefit limit of Rs25 lakh can be expanded to houses in the range of Rs50 lakh.
Mumbai: Despite a robust growth in demand for low cost homes, 90% of their supply in India is coming from small and informal developers. Several large and mid size builders still remain unsuccessful in providing homes to low income customers, said a report by consulting firm FSG and National Housing Bank (NHB).
The report ‘State of Low-income Housing Finance Market' released on Wednesday by industry body Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) said the loan books of affordable housing finance companies in India have grown manifold in a span of five years.
From a combined loan book of close to Rs1,000 crore in March 2013, it has shot up to over Rs27,000 crore at an average loan ticket size of Rs9.3 lakh and “facilitated the ownership of more than 230,000 affordable homes, the report said.
According to Ashish Karamchand, managing director FSG, low income housing finance is expected to grow at 30-40% over the next five years.
As per the report, 62% of the new housing finance is being used to fund self constructed standalone houses while 38% of financing from affordable housing finance companies (AHFCs) is taken up by low-income customers to “purchase apartments, often in areas with higher land costs, where self-construction is less affordable.”
The report pointed out that large and mid-sized formal developers have largely been “unsuccessful in supplying affordable housing to low-income customers” as projects tend to be more expensive and located further away from the city in less desirable locations. “These distant locations also may lack infrastructure and require large investments, which further shrink the already low margins of such projects,” the report said.
While 1% of the low housing supply comes from large and branded developers, around 9% of the supply are built by mid-size and formal developers. The rest 90% of the supply came from small and informal developers who typically construct small projects on the outskirts of cities, like in the jurisdiction of Gram Panchayats.
Rashesh Shah, president of FICCI and chief executive officer(CEO) Edelweiss Group, said the industry is in consultation with the government to see if the current Pradhan Mantri Gramin Awaas Yojana (PMAY) benefit limit of Rs25 lakh can be expanded to houses in the range of Rs50 lakh.
“A lot of salaried people in urban areas buy houses in the 40-50 lakh range. The question is can we move from just affordable housing to “economy housing”,” Shah said.
The report said urban household living in slums could provide an opportunity for housing companies to expand their reach as slum dwellers comprise 17% of the urban population. In total around 14 million urban households live in slums with poor living conditions. The estimated market opportunity for housing loans in notified slums stands at around Rs23,000 crore, as per the report.
With inputs from Ajai Sreevatsan.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Adolf Hitler was an artist and avid amateur historian before he became one of the biggest mass murderers in history.
He was said to be fascinated by the conflict of cowboys and Indians in North America, avidly reading adventure stories of the Wild West.
One of his particular fascinations was how camps in America contained and eventually changed the Indigenous people of its lands.
And it is this idea, of containing people, scrubbing away their identities by replacing their names with numbers and breaking their spirit with beatings if they veered from the rules that can be seen in the horrific concentration camps later created under the Nazi regime.
It is impossible to point to any one factor to determine what caused Hitler to take certain actions. But he was drawn to the conflict of the American 'Cowboy and Indian' and merged this with his twisted epic vision of an Aryan German Empire - aka the Third Reich.
For many in Europe and all who have studied twentieth century history, the Nazi regime springs to mind as the embodiment of that horror and destroyer of all who opposed them.
Did the Nazis create, amongst other things, the concentration camp? Is it possible that a regime known for its clinical barbarianism could have been inspired by a country like Canada - better known for its wheat fields, Rocky Mountains, and limitless opportunities?
(Image: ullstein bild)
(Image: De Agostini Editorial)
(Image: Hulton Archive)
Hitler was, along with millions of other Germans, a fan of the adventure stories of Karl May. May's books, still in print, have sold more than 200 million copies to date and at the time, he was as popular as today's JK Rowling or Stephen King.
As Fuehrer, Hitler kept the entire May collection in his bedroom.
And as a result of May's works, Hitler was fascinated by all things connected to the North American Indians and the cowboys who tamed the Wild West. Of particular interest was the implementation of camps that contained Indigenous people. In the United States, these were called Indian reservations; in Canada, they are called Indian reserves - the word 'Indian' used to refer to indigenous people.
It is difficult for us to imagine a world without the harrowing images of the Nazi concentration camps. Broken bodies, walking dead, and sallow eyes in striped prison outfits fill our mind's eye. Forced labour, strict discipline, and winnowing rations kept the prison population in check. Names were replaced with numbers. Identities all but ceased in the camps.
When the Russian and Allied forces liberated these places of death and disease, the world saw a glimpse into the deepest horrors of its collective heart. This was an unthinkable existence perpetrated in and by a modern, liberal European country against its own citizens as well as those it saw as its enemies.
For Hitler, it is difficult to say whether he drew any specific inspiration from Canada's system of containment of indigenous people. What is striking is how he adopted a similar methodology when processing prisoners in his Nazi camps as the Canadians employed in processing its Indigenous in their camps.
Although the United States government created concentration camps as early as 1838, the use of this method became prevalent from the 1860s as the borders of the United States moved westwards. The US government referred to these concentration camps as 'Indian reservations' - referring to land that the government had to set aside to house the ‘Indians'.
Canada, however, decided to force the assimilation of Indigenous people from its reserves. It concluded that basic education and training in physical work would make its Indigenous people productive members of Canadian society. Boys would be taught agriculture half a day and girls would be taught domestic chores half a day. The other half would be spent in the classroom.
The colonial government decided to try and assimilate the Indigenous people into society, by ‘taking the Indian out of the Indian'. A boarding school system called residential schools was thought to be the most effective way of washing away the unwanted cultures, languages, and customs. Children were taken from their families and placed in these residential schools. They were not allowed to speak their language, act ‘like Indians' or even wear their familiar clothing.
The residential schools were not happy places for their pupils. It was a time where corporal punishment was the norm and these schools applied it to the point where it was considered abuse even for the times. Children were stripped of their ‘Indian' name and given a number or a Christian name instead. They were constantly beaten - for speaking a language other than French or English, for doing anything considered ‘Indian', and for not conforming to the Church-administered curriculum.
(Image: Hulton Archive)
(Image: Hulton Archive)
Eighty thousand survivors of this system are still alive today. Broken from reliving memories, many testified of the horrors to Canada's Truth and Reconciliation Commission. Where the Nazi camps lasted a little more than a decade, Canada's continued for almost 150 years.
At the heart of the problem is poverty and a system that is too quick to give the benefit of doubt to those in power and too quick to dismiss concerns raised by those without.
The story of Canada's residential schools does not carry the shame history ascribes to Germany's camps - nor should it. It is a terrible tragedy inflicted on a people who were subsequently forgotten by the world.
The Truth and Reconciliation Commission heard the harrowing stories of those who had been taken into the camps.
Campbell Papequash was taken, against his will, to residential school in 1946. The commission heard his evidence: “And after I was taken there they took off my clothes and then they deloused me. I didn't know what was happening but I later learned about it, that they were delousing me; ‘the dirty, no-good-for-nothing savages, lousy.'”
Murray Crowe said his clothes from home were taken and burned at the school that he attended in north-western Ontario.
And Gilles Petiquay, who attended the Pointe Bleus School, was shocked by the fact that each student was assigned a number. He said: "I remember that the first number that I had at the residential school was 95. I had that number—95—for a year. The second number was number 4. I had it for a longer period of time. The third number was 56. I also kept it for a long time. We walked with the number on us.'
Others reported children being chained together and one boy chained to a bed to be flogged by a teacher.
(Image: De Agostini Editorial)
(Image: Archive Photos)
Official figures show around 3,500 children dying while in care at the schools but unofficial figures estimate tens of thousands of children buried in unmarked graves. The Royal Mounted Police apologised in 2004 for its role in the residential schools. In 2008, the Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper, issued a formal apology for the creation of the residential schools and the abuses carried out within it.
Nazis understood the role of their camps. On the surface, it provided a source of free labour, available subjects for their medical experiments, and a place to put dissidents without killing them outright - -initially at least. Nazi camps ensured that all able bodies were put to work - making toys, shoes, counterfeiting foreign currency, as well as munitions
The reality is that it formed a key component of Hitler's strategy. His war was total - cultural, physical, and emotional. His objective was to cleanse Germany and the world of unwanted people (from Jews to Gypsies) and unwanted cultures. The camps have become synonymous with death but there were things worse than death - people being reduced to the living dead.
Baron Alexander Deschauer is the author of Concentration Camps of Canada, a story of an Indigenous boy (Migizi) who is subjected to the policies of forced assimilation by Canada in the form of residential schools and reserves.
Concentration Camps of Canada is out in audio, paper and hardback as well as e-book, and is available now from Amazon.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Just as Brits wave goodbye to the recent mini-heatwave, long-range forecasts are now showing signs of another spell of warm weather during the beginning of May.
Temperatures in the UK are set to fall back towards normal for the time of year this week, after soaring well above 20C in many parts of the country over the weekend.
However forecasters are growing in confidence that it won't be too long before sunny skies and spring-time heat will make a comeback.
According to computer models, the mercury could rise above average again by the middle of next week and potentially edge close to 20C in parts of the south-east.
But before then, the weather will to revert back towards more typical conditions for the time of year with rain forecast every day this week thanks to a wave of the Atlantic low pressure systems.
Temperatures are also expected to drop below average by midweek, with forecasters warning of the risk of snow, sleet and frost in places.
Amy Hodgson, forecaster of The Weather Channel , said brief bursts of sunshine and April showers will be a prevalent feature across the UK over the coming days.
She added: "It will be breezy with temperatures around normal for the time of the year during the start of the week in the westerly wind off the Atlantic.
"However, temperatures will drop to slightly below normal from mid-week onwards in a north-westerly wind.
"There is also a risk of a scattered grass frost in sheltered places Thursday and Friday night."
Forecasters are predicting temperatures will linger in the low teens C across England and Wales.
Further north, values look set to dip into single figures at times and possibly close to freezing in parts of Scotland and northern England.
Overnight temperatures could plunge below 0C in Scotland and between 5-9C elsewhere, with risk of hard frosts developing in parts towards the end of the week.
Some showers may even fall as sleet, hail or snow across high grounds in Scotland, the Lake District and the North Pennines.
Dr Michael de Villiers, senior meteorologist at The Weather Channel, said: "In the UK minimum temperatures are expected to lower to around 4-6C with a risk of frost.
"However, they will be closer to freezing at around 3C in places in Scotland with the risk of brief early morning frost.
"And lower to around 0C at higher altitude where any precipitation would be in the form of sleet, or wet snow briefly during the colder early morning hours.”
But by the middle of next week forecasters say warm weather could return as temperatures start to lift above average again.
According to some forecast models, the area of low pressure responsible for bringing in a cooler northerly flow to the UK this weekend will split and make way for warmer conditions during the first week of May.
Sarah Sammy, forecaster of The Weather Channel, said: "High pressure over central Europe will drift eastward and another area of high pressure will build over the North Atlantic.
"During this time, an area of low pressure in between will split, and the smaller low will stall for a while near the Bay of Biscay and pump up warmer air over the UK."
Current forecasts indicate that temperatures over London will be between 15.5 and 19.5 C on May 2, when conditions should become drier and brighter.
But she said that "as we near the time, we can narrow down that range."
For the criminal manicurists of TNT's Claws, it's one step forward and two steps backward.
The black comedy, which has been renewed for a second season, wrapped its wild first season on a bittersweet note with Desna (Niecy Nash), Polly (Carrie Preston), Quiet Ann (Judy Reyes), Virginia (Karrueche Tran) and Jennifer (Jenn Lyon) ending up right where they started. Though their dreams of opening up a fancy new salon have been put on hold, they're sticking together and bracing for whatever their new mafia bosses throw their way.
While we wait to see what lies ahead for the fierce fivesome, TV Guide spoke to Preston about that shocking finale and her hopes for Season 2.
Claws
How would you describe Polly's journey throughout the season?
Preston: In the first episode, she's just gotten out of jail so she's definitely feeling PTSD from all of that...and very vulnerable and scared that she's not gonna be able to get her life back on track. I got to go from that to being back in the crew, being a major part of the operation and trying to stay on the straight and narrow but [thinking about] the grift. She can't help it. She's an identity thief. Not just in stealing people's money but she also steals people's identities and their personalities. So it's a fun character to play. Now, I think at the end of this season, she's probably stealing the identity of a mother. I don't know if she's gonna be very good at it but Polly's pretty good at everything that she chooses to imitate. It's all facades with her.
How much of the real Polly have we seen so far?
Preston: I like to think the real Polly comes out when she's most vulnerable. I think we saw glimpses of her in episode 4 [after Polly tried to get back in with Sally]. Sally (Gina Torres) rejects her and she's got this moment with Desna where she talks about "I don't know if I can do this anymore" and I think that's when we really see her. But very quickly, she puts the facade back on. She's much more comfortable wearing a mask than taking it off.
Do they all regret going back under the control of the mafia?
Preston: I think they all made it very clear they would rather do that than advance without Desna. It's all or nothing. And so, I think they'll continue to rally around each other and get each other through whatever challenges lie ahead with that kind of pressure from the mafia. And I'm hoping we see more of that in Season 2.
Claws Cast Reacts to Roller's Return
How does it feel to be a part of a show with such diverse female characters?
Preseton: Sadly, it's a new feeling. My whole career, it's always having to play second fiddle to the men and having to fight for diversity and casting and having to fight for...When I say diversity, not just racially. I mean agewise, shapewise, sizewise, the way someone looks....all of that stuff. We're in a world now where I think we're allowing more of what the world looks like into what television looks like and I think that's very exciting. It's about time but it's also honored that we're right there on the front lines in that representation.
What would you like to see in Season 2?
Preston: I would love to see even more backstories [for] all of us women in the crew because we've only just scratched the surface there.
Claws is expected to return for Season 2 in 2018.
BARWON HEADS, Australia — Australian Minjee Lee shot a 2-over 75 Saturday and held on to a one-stroke lead at the Vic Open, the first tournament of the year on the Ladies European Tour.
Lee had a three-round total of 7-under 212, one better than fellow Australian Karis Davidson, who shot 67 Saturday.
Cheyenne Woods, niece of Tiger Woods, rebounded from a second-round 80 to shoot 69 and was five strokes behind Lee and tied for fifth.
At a PGA of Australia Tour men's event held alongside the women's tournament, Australian Simon Hawkes held a one-stroke lead after a 64.
Published on Oct 6 2017 5:31 PM in Fresh Produce tagged: Trending Posts / Bord Bia / National Pototo Day
Bord Bia is encouraging all Irish people to celebrate the versatility, and value-for-money of one of Ireland's national treasures and iconic vegetables today (5 October) which marks National Potato Day.
The theme for this year's celebration 'Potatoes: What's Under The Skin' will explore the nutritional profile of the popular tuber and offer hundreds of exciting recipe ideas, tips and cooking advice via Potato.ie.
“We are in an era where people have more food choices than ever before, and are increasingly health conscious. So the fact that potatoes are naturally fat-free and gluten free is hugely positive in their favour." Lorcan Bourke, potato sector manager with Bord Bia said.
Potatoes remain Irelands most popular carbohydrate food.
"We are keen to highlight to people that potatoes are true international food with delicious recipes available from all over the world."
Research shows that household spends on potatoes from March to March 2016 to 2017 was €195 million.
The household volume of potatoes purchased from March to March 2016 to 2017 was 205,819 tonnes.
© 2017 - Checkout Magazine by Donna Ahern
× Search for Facebook murder suspect widens to 5 states; $50k reward offered
CLEVELAND – A man who allegedly killed an elderly father after he had enjoyed an Easter meal with his children — then posted a video of the killing on Facebook — is now the subject of a manhunt spanning several Midwest and Northeast states, police said Monday.
Suspect Steve Stephens, 37, stands charged with Sunday's aggravated murder of 74-year-old Robert Godwin, and authorities say he could be in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana or Michigan.
The suspect's mother said that when she last saw Stephens on Saturday, he said it would be a miracle if she ever saw him again. They spoke the next day, she said, and he told her he was shooting people because he was angry with his girlfriend.
Though Pennsylvania authorities said early Monday that Stephens' cellphone had issued a “ping,” or a signal, in Erie, Pennsylvania, the Erie Police Department said Monday afternoon it had no knowledge of a ping emitted from its city. Erie is about 100 miles east of Cleveland.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams told reporters Monday he couldn't speak to the report of a ping. Stephens' last known location was the murder scene, he said.
Appearing alongside a US marshal and an FBI agent, Williams said investigators have searched dozens of locations, “to no avail,” and that one of his detectives had spoken to Stephens via cellphone after the killing. He did not elaborate on the call, other than to say the detective attempted to convince Stephens to surrender.
“We're still asking Steve to turn himself in, but if he doesn't, we'll find him,” the chief said. “We're not going to stop until we find him.”
He warned any of Stephens' friends or family members who might assist him while he's on the lam: “If you think you're helping Steve, you're really not. You're going to get yourself in trouble.”
Stephens is a black male who is 6-foot-1 and weighs 244 pounds. He was last seen wearing a dark blue and gray or black striped polo shirt. He was driving a white Ford Fusion with temporary license plates, Cleveland police said.
“He is considered armed and dangerous, so we want people to be careful out there,” Williams told reporters Sunday.
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson announced a $50,000 reward for information leading to Stephens' arrest.
Horrific footage
The investigation and search for Stephens began Sunday after several people reported an alarming Facebook post, police union president Steve Loomis said
Stephens uploaded a video to his Facebook page showing a gun pointed at a man's head. Stephens fires the weapon. The victim recoils and falls to the ground.
The video was posted around 2 p.m. Sunday. Facebook later took it down, calling it prohibited content.
“We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety,” a Facebook spokesperson said in a statement.
Stephens claimed on Facebook that he committed multiple homicides, but police said they had no knowledge of other victims as of 9 a.m. ET Monday. He has many traffic violations but no criminal record, Williams said.
“Obviously, he's got deep, deep issues,” the chief said.
As Cleveland police and the FBI were searching for Stephens on Sunday, more than 300 tips poured into the department, police said.
No confirmed sightings of Stephens were reported as the search moved into Monday.
‘If you see me again, it'll be a miracle'
Stephens' mother, Maggie Green, said the oldest of her three children came by her house Saturday afternoon.
“He said this (was) the last time I was going to see him,” recalled Green, 53.
Green, a former clerk at the Justice Center Complex in Cleveland who is now on disability, said the conversation confused her.
“If you see me again, it'll be a miracle,” she quoted him as saying.
On Sunday, Green learned about the shooting when her youngest son told her about the video.
She was “just dumbfounded” and called Stephens. He told her he was “shooting people” because he was “mad with his girlfriend” of about three years, she said, explaining it was a brief phone call because her phone died.
Williams said police have spoken to the woman Stephens was referencing and she is safe and cooperating with the investigation. The woman's neighbors told CNN that Stephens often stayed at her Twinsburg home with her three young girls. One resident said Stephens was there two days ago fixing the home's garage.
‘We are shocked'
Police have not talked about a possible motive in the shooting. Stephens and Godwin didn't know each other, authorities said.
“From what we can tell now, it's just a random person that he picked out. We don't know why,” Chief Williams said.
Stephens is employed at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency in northeastern Ohio that serves children, teenagers and families, according to a spokeswoman for the facility.
“We are shocked and horrified like everyone else,” said Nancy Kortemeyer. “To think that one of our employees could do this is awful.”
Kortemeyer could not provide Stephens' job title, nor could she say how long he'd worked at Beech Brook. Stephens' mother said he was a social worker.
Beech Brook was closed Monday “for the safety of our employees,” Kortemeyer said. “At this point, we'll just be closing today, but we'll take it day by day.”
Victim was ‘a good man'
Robert Godwin was walking on the sidewalk when he met Stephens.
He was on his way home from an Easter meal at his children's home when he was killed, CNN affiliate WOIO reported.
Brenda Haymon, Godwin's youngest child from his first marriage, said he was a father of 10.
“He lived a good life. He's a man people should model themselves after,” she said.
One of his sons, Robert Godwin Jr., told WOIO that his father's death isn't real to him yet.
“He is a good guy. … He'd give you the shirt off his back, and I'm not just saying that for these cameras,” he told the station. “This man right here was a good man. I hate he's gone … I don't know what I'm going to do.”
Williams told reporters that the victim's family has reported several bogus GoFundMe accounts and asked that people refrain from contributing to any of them until the Godwins send out official details.
By Sara Ganim, Nicole Chavez and Eliott C. McLaughlin, CNN
Sara Ganim reported from Cleveland, and Nicole Chavez and Eliott C. McLaughlin wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Darran Simon, Amanda Watts, Kwegyirba Croffie, Joe Sutton, Chuck Johnston, Amanda Jackson, Christopher Lett, Joel Williams, Shawn Nottingham, Lawrence Crook and Brynn Gingras contributed to this report.
Chandigarh: Early election trends have started emerging from Punjab's Shahkot Assembly seat. Congress candidate Hardev Singh Laddi has established an early lead. Shiromani Akali Dal's Naib Singh Kohar and Aam Aadmi Party's Rattan Singh Kakkar Kalan are trailing behind. Over 76 per cent of more than 1.72 lakh voters exercised their franchise for the Shahkot Assembly bypoll on May 29.
The Shahkot Assembly seat is being seen as a popularity contest between the 14-month-old Congress government in Punjab, with opposition SAD striving to retain its stronghold. The seat is considered an Akali bastion.
During the bypolls, reports of a scuffle inside and outside the polling booths emerged, but the Election Commission said the the bypolls went peacefully by and large.
Tight security arrangements have been made for peaceful counting of votes. The Election Commission deployed 1,022 security personnel, including six companies of the Border Security Force, in Shahkot, an official said adding that 1,416 polling staff were also deployed.
There were 236 polling booths in the constituency, of which webcasting was held at 103 stations.
EVMs and Voter-verified paper audit trail (VVPAT) were used at all polling stations.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
RFL rugby director Kevin Sinfield insists Sam Tomkins and any other player omitted from England's training squad can force their way into contention for June's Denver test with New Zealand.
Wigan full-back Tomkins was the highest profile omission from the Elite Performance Squads named at the beginning of the year, who met for the first time this season in Manchester last night.
Tomkins has been in sparkling form for the Warriors since and Sinfield said: “We've made it clear from day one that the door is always open.
“We saw Alex Walmsley not picked in the first squad last year and then be selected for the mid-season test against Samoa.
“I would love for some of those guys who felt they were ignored last time to continue to put their hand up to play and get through that door.”
(Image: Action Images)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
England coach Wayne Bennett will name a 19-man squad for Denver on June 11, ahead of the ground-breaking clash with the Kiwis at Mile High Stadium on June 23.
Bennett has yet to name a replacement for out-going assistant coach Denis Betts, and Sinfield says he will use his current backroom staff for the Denver game before reassessing.
The former Leeds Rhinos captain also highlighted the importance of regular mid-season get-togethers for the senior and England Knights squads.
Sinfield added: “These meetings are all about what it means to wear the England badge, respecting it and understanding what it represents.
“We know we've got that in place from the 2017 World Cup campaign and having the England Knights players present as well allows them to experience that environment.
(Image: USA Today Sports)
“It provides an opportunity for them to mix and mingle - it can be uncomfortable to go into a room of people you might have played against before but never spoken to.
“I think these meetings are really important, and further down the track will help to build the friendships and trusts you need in all teams that do well.”
The players heard talks from England backroom staff members and former internationals Jamie Peacock, Paul Sculthorpe, Paul Wellens and Paul Anderson.
Head coach Bennett remained in Australia but has since been updated by Sinfield, who added: “He's fully across what we're doing.
“The big thing for him is watching games and monitoring players, but he's massively in favoured of getting the lads together and committing to the programme.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mistakes on Twitter can't be corrected right now, but thanks to a new editing feature, that may be about to change.
Twitter chief executive Jack Dorsey took to his own social media platform last week to ask users what features they most wanted to see added.
At the top of the list was editing tweets, and his response revealed that the company is "thinking a lot about it" right now.
The responses were followed up with specific questioning by Dorsey suggesting the finer points on this feature are already being considered.
Dorsey asked several users: "Is it more important to edit for spelling/corrections? 5-minute window to edit mistakes or do you need to be able to edit anytime?"
Twitter, until now, has not offered an edit button. One reason is to ensure tweets that are embedded on websites aren't changed at a later date, as they are public records.
The compromise appears to be found by allowing only a short period of time for edits, to ensure the tweet remains the same in the long-run.
Also being considered for Twitter are bookmarks, better conversation threading, enhanced safety and reporting options for bullying, plus multiple Timelines based on personal interests.
This follows the recent announcement that Twitter has added live 360-degree video . You can now view videos recorded in 360-degrees for a virtual reality style perspective on what's been recorded.
These videos are marked with a "LIVE 360" badge meaning you can swipe or move your phone to look around while watching live.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The FA have been accused of inconsistency after Ahmed Hegazi went punished for an apparent punch on Danny Ings.
The West Brom defender had been fearing a three-match ban after TV pictures caught him appearing to strike the Liverpool frontman off the ball.
But an independent, three-man panel of ex-referees could not agree that there was a case to answer.
It comes days after Chelsea wing-back Marcos Alonso was retrospectively charged with violent conduct following an incident with Southampton's Shane Long.
Using the hashtag “consistency”, former Premier League referee Mark Halsey claimed Hegazi should have been charged in relation to football's Law 12 surrounding fouls and misconduct.
(Image: Sky Sports)
(Image: AFP)
He tweeted: “I think most people involved in football expected West Brom's Ahmed Hegazi to be charged with violent conduct.
“I am amazed that the panel of 3 ex-referee's couldn't agree, gentleman LAW12. Striking or attempting to strike an opponent is guilty of violent conduct.”
The suspension would have ended Hegazi's season.
Instead he is free to help his club's fight against relegation when they go to Newcastle on Saturday.
A villager carries grains on a raft as he shifts from a flooded village in Araria district of Bihar on Monday. Photo: PTI
Patna: At least 41 people have lost their lives and around 65.37 lakh hit by floods in 12 districts in Bihar, with chief minister Nitish Kumar saying heavy rains in Nepal and parts of the state in the past three days have resulted in the deluge.
The chief minister also conducted an aerial survey of the worst-hit districts of the state's Seemanchal region to take stock of the situation.
Principal secretary of the disaster management department Pratyay Amrit confirmed that so far 41 deaths have taken place due to floods. While 20 people died in Araria, six in Sitamarhi, five in Kisanganj, three each in East Champaran, West Champaran and Darbhanga districts and one in Madhubani.
The state weather office forecast heavy to very heavy rainfall at one or two places in northern and southern parts of the state on Tuesday. An estimated 65.37 lakh population of 12 districts are affected by flood, Amrit said. The affected districts are Kisanganj, Araria, Purnea, Katihar, East Champaran, West Champaran, Darbhanga, Madhubani, Sitamarhi, Sheohar, Supual and Madhepura.
A total of 22 NDRF teams, seven Army teams and 70 boats are engaged in flood relief and rescue operation, Amrit said. He said that 1.82 lakh marooned people have been brought to safer places and a total of 48,120 people put up in 254 camps in flood-hit areas.
Meanwhile, after conducting an aerial survey of Purnea Kisanganj, Araria and Katihar districts, Kumar said that heavy rains in Nepal and parts of Bihar in the past three days have triggered floods in the state. “It's akin to flash floods,” he told reporters after conducting the aerial survey.
Araria district was the worst hit as flood waters have entered the district headquarters town. Flood waters have also entered areas in Kisanganj, three blocks of Purnea and one block of Katihar, Kumar said. Officials of disaster management, road construction and rural development departments would make an aerial survey Tuesday to make a report on damage caused by flood.
The Bihar CM thanked the Centre for its prompt response in providing assistance to the state after he spoke to Prime Minister Narendra Modi over phone Sunday. “I thank the Centre for timely help to the marooned people of Bihar. Besides, Army column sent to Purnea, four teams of NDRF have arrived in Bihar yesterday and six more NDRF teams landed today to assist state to take up relief and rehabilitation work on a war footing,” he added.
He said he also spoke to Union home minister Rajnath Singh and defence minister Arun Jaitley on the situation. Kumar also directed district magistrates of flood-hit areas to make an aerial trip to assess the problem and arrange effective relief and rehabilitation accordingly.
Meanwhile, East Central Railway said rail traffic has been hit between Kisanganj and Hatwar in West Bengal as water is flowing above danger level at a place in Katihar division. A total of 33 trains have been cancelled and 11 short- terminated, ECR said in a statement.
Prominent cancelled trains included New Delhi-Dibrugarh Rajdhani Express, Alipurdwar-Delhi Mahananda Express, Guwahati-Mumbai Lokmanya Tilak Express, North-East Express and Ajmer-Kisanganj Garib Nawaz Express. Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi also thanked the Centre for help to marooned people of Bihar.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street star Sally Dynevor has spoken about the cast's excitement over their new boss.
Iain MacLeod is set to replace Executive Producer Kate Oates in June after she quit following a number of controversial storylines and fans' complaints that the soap had become too dark.
Iain has been the Series Producer of Emmerdale since September 2015 and took over the role from Kate.
Speaking on Lorraine today about the ITV soap's change of guard, Sally said: "Yes, it's always very sad to see somebody go but Kate Oates has done very well on the show and we wish her the best and we're looking forward to working with Iain MacLeod."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
She confirmed that Iain would be joining Corrie in June and added: "It's all changes - as usual on Corrie. It's all very exciting."
Kate, 38, reportedly resigned after a number of big name stars such as Catherine Tyldesley and Shayne Ward quit the soap.
Since taking hold of the reins of Corrie in 2012, Kate reintroduced a number of major characters including Toyah Battersby, Peter Barlow, Daniel Osbourne, Rosie Webster and Carla Connor.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
She has also kickstarted many explosive storylines, from Bethany Platt's grooming storyline and Kylie Platt's murder to David Platt's rape.
However some fans have criticised the soap for becoming too dark and, in particular, Phelan's ongoing rampage for being 'never-ending'.
Kate will be moving on to work on ITV cop series Bancroft, starring Sarah Parish.
*Lorraine airs weekdays at 8.30am on ITV
© Tim Noakes
Plant-based diets are a dangerous trend, says the professor.A plant-based diet is a "dangerous trend" for the environment, high-fat, low-carb diet pioneer Tim Noakes , advocate-in-chief of the Banting diet, said."The only way we will save the planet is by going back to eating meat," Noakes said.He told HuffPost SA that an abundance of livestock agriculture could save the planet from the effects of climate change.In the last few weeks, Noakes has been outspoken about his views on vegan and vegetarian diets on Twitter, where he regularly refutes claims made in the Netflix documentary What The Health-- which is frequently credited for a recent rise in veganism worldwide.The documentary, which has topped the video-on-demand website's most-watched list for months, cites animal farming and a meat-based diet for global warming, and a rise in cancer."People like Bill Gates and Richard Branson are very powerful, and more people are saying they are going to be eating plant-based diets because of them.. but the move against meat-based diets is unfounded and irresponsible to promote at this stage.""There's never been a society that can survive on a completely vegetarian or vegan diet. We have to have some animal products. Vegan people survive because you can get some of the nutrition you need from supplements, which means it's not a complete diet," said Noakes."But you are still not getting adequate protein. You can survive on a 100% animal diet, but you cannot survive on a 100% vegan diet."The Banting king said human evolution had created meat-eating beings."We became humans when we started to eat animal produce. When we became carnivores, we realised it was much easier to eat an animal than having to carry around this huge gut," he told HuffPost SA."What's happening now is that vegans and vegetarians are trying to convert the biology of humans to the way we were 3 million years ago, and we can't do that. There is one species that tried, the panda bear, and it is one of the unhealthiest animals on earth."He claimed pandas suffer from bowel problems, obesity and lethargy, which was the same for vegans and vegetarians.Noakes has been criticised for his outspoken views, with some saying his research was funded by meat, dairy and egg companies."In fact, I wrote a book and donated the money to charities and foundations, so how can you accuse me of having an agenda?"*In a previous version of this story Professor Tim Noakes was referred to as a dietician, he is in fact a professor in the department of Exercise Science and Sports Medicine at the University of Cape Town.
The Google Street View ranking of awkward photos has been updated with yet another quirky character. Meet Vito the Cat, or Catsassin Creed, or whatever playful name Redditors have yet to come up with.
A picture of a confused cat captured by a Google Street View user in Rome has drawn an avalanche of jokes on Reddit.
A Redditor cracked a joke about Google's privacy policy, saying the cat's face should have been blurred out.
"Oh. My. God. This made me laugh so hard I'm crying at my desk. What an awesome cat!" Ribbitygirl posted.
Some Reddit users made RPG references, saying the cat looked like it belonged to the video games TES IV Oblivion and Morrowind.
Another user simply called the cat "Vito", apparently referring to gangster epic The Godfather.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said late Thursday that a meeting with his military leaders was "the calm before the storm," but what he meant by his ominous comment remained unclear.
When pressed for more details, the president said, "you'll find out," a declaration that comes amid more turmoil in his own Cabinet and several foreign policy challenges around the world.
Trump was speaking before a planned dinner with military leaders and their spouses. Just before the dinner, reporters were ushered into the State Dining Room at the White House. The president addressed the reporters and said, "You guys know what this represents?"
One reporter asked the president to elaborate. He responded, "Maybe it's the calm before the storm." It was when he was asked what he meant that he replied, "You'll find out."
The episode raised questions about whether the Trump administration was planning some kind of military action. For weeks, Trump has been promising to respond to any North Korean aggression toward the United States.
The president also faces an Oct. 15 deadline to recertify a nuclear weapons deal with Iran, which was negotiated under former President Barack Obama. The president is expected to decline to recertify the agreement, which would essentially allow Congress to decide whether to reimpose economic sanctions.
Backing out of this deal could cause problems with other world powers who are party to it, at a tense time with another nation aspiring to build nuclear weapons: North Korea.
In his remarks to senior military leaders before the dinner, Trump outlined the challenges facing the United States.
"We have had challenges that we really should have taken care of a long time ago, like North Korea, Iran, Afghanistan, ISIS and the revisionist powers that threaten our interests all around the world," Trump said, using the acronym for the Islamic State. "Tremendous progress has been made with respect to ISIS, and I guess the media is going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time."
New York Times
Manitoba stole three in the second end to take a 4-0 lead. They also scored a deuce in the fourth end and three in the seventh. Jones said she doesn't believe the score was a true reflection of the game.
"The steal of three early kinds of swayed the game in our favour and we have been hitting really well this week," she said. "I can't remember the last time (second) Jill (Officer) has thrown so many corner guard peels. She is making them all. We were in a pretty good spot and making some big shots when we have to."
Fleury secured the fourth and final spot for the Page Playoffs with a 7-5 win over Team B.C.'s Kesa Van Osch (4-7). Northern Ontario scored deuces in the second, fifth and seventh ends.
"It feels awesome. It's our first time making the playoffs at the Scotties so we're pretty excited about it and especially after starting with two losses, it was a lot of hard work after that," Fleury laughed.
The Sudbury, Ont., native is in her third Scotties and said the team felt it was possible to reach this point of the women's championship. Playing many of the teams before they know they measure up well.
"Playoffs was definitely the goal coming in," said Fleury.
Arsenault's team defeated Ontario's Hollie Duncan (4-7) 9-8 in extra ends. Arsenault is also in pursuit of her sixth Scotties title.
By Emanuel Sequeira, The Canadian Press
Seoul: North Korea released US student Otto Warmbier "on humanitarian grounds", state media said on Thursday, two days after he was evacuated from Pyongyang after falling into a coma while imprisoned in a labour camp.
The 22-year-old University of Virginia student from Cincinnati spent more than a year in North Korean detention after being arrested for stealing a political poster from a hotel. His family have said he was "terrorised and brutalised" by Kim Jong-Un's regime.
"Otto Frederick Warmbier, who had been in hard labour, was sent back home on June 13, 2017 on humanitarian grounds according to the adjudication made on the same day by the Central Court of the DPRK," the state-run Korean Central News Agency said in a one-line statement.
Warmbier's release came after a flurry of secret diplomatic contacts between Washington and Pyongyang, which culminated in Joseph Yun, the State Department's special envoy on North Korea, travelling to Pyongyang to secure Warmbier's release.
"Joseph Yun went to Pyongyang to accompany Mr Warmbier home," Thomas Shannon, undersecretary of state for political affairs, told reporters in Seoul yesterday.
Warmbier's parents Fred and Cindy have said that they were told their son had been in a coma since March 2016, allegedly after falling ill from botulism and being given a sleeping pill.
"Otto is not in great shape right now," Fred Warmbier told Fox News yesterday.
Warmbier had been sentenced to 15 years of hard labour, a sentence the US decried as far out of proportion to his alleged crime, accusing the North of using him as a political pawn.
The New York Times reported a senior US official as saying the authorities recently received intelligence indicating Warmbier was repeatedly beaten while in custody.
The release came amid tension between Washington and Pyongyang following a series of missile tests by the North, focusing attention on an arms buildup that Pentagon chief Jim Mattis on Monday dubbed "a clear and present danger to all."
The North has occasionally jailed US citizens and released them only after visits by high-profile political figures, including former president Bill Clinton.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) - A Florida sheriff's lieutenant is charged with driving under the influence after she was spotted driving backward and honking her horn in the middle of the night.
Pinellas County Sheriff's Lt. Christi Ruhtz also was fired from the department where she had worked for 19 years.
A deputy reported finding Ruhtz driving in reverse and honking her horn just before 2 a.m. Sunday in Largo.
The sheriff's office said Ruhtz performed poorly on a field sobriety test and initially refused a breath test as part of a criminal investigation. She did provide a breath sample, which is a condition of employment in such circumstances, and that test showed a blood alcohol level of .14. The legal limit is .08.
A phone listing found for Ruhtz was disconnected.
Nuclear disarmament group ICAN's Daniel Hogstan, Beatrice Fihn and Will Fihn Ramsay after the group won the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize. Photo: AFP
Washington: The United States said on Friday it has no intention of signing a nuclear weapons ban treaty backed by this year's Nobel Peace Prize laureate, while stressing its commitment to “creating the conditions for nuclear disarmament.”
“Today's announcement does not change the US position on the treaty: the United States does not support and will not sign the ‘Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons,'” a State Department spokesman told AFP.
“This treaty will not make the world more peaceful, will not result in the elimination of a single nuclear weapon, and will not enhance any state's security,” the spokesman added, stressing that none of the world's nuclear-armed powers had backed the text.
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), which the Nobel committee rewarded for its efforts to consign the atomic bomb to history, was a key player in the treaty's adoption by 122 countries at the UN in July.
The accord was largely symbolic because none of the nine countries known or suspected of having nuclear weapons—the United States, Russia, Britain, France, China, India, Pakistan, Israel and North Korea—put their names down.
The State Department spokesman added that Washington remains committed to its obligations under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and to working to “improve the international security environment, prevent and counter proliferation, and reduce nuclear dangers worldwide.”
“We urge states to work with us on pragmatic, effective measures to accomplish this,” he added.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
British WWE star Paige says she suffered "stress-induced anorexia" and considered suicide after sexually explicit videos of her were leaked online.
The 25-year-old, from Norwich, England, also admitted her second WWE Wellness Policy violation in October last year was due to illegal drugs.
Paige returned to Raw last month as the leader of a new faction called Absolution, after more than 16 months of troubles outside of the ring.
She received two Wellness Policy suspensions, underwent neck surgery and had sexually explicit content stolen and shared on the Internet.
The former Divas Champion, real name Saraya-Jade Bevis, also appeared to feature in a sex tape that seemingly included two male wrestlers.
(Image: mandysacs/Instagram)
In the latest episode of former WWE ring announcer Lilian Garcia's podcast , Paige recounted her horror over the invasion of her privacy.
She said: "That scarred me, just people invading my privacy, to the point where sometimes I don't want to go out. People are just looking at me bad.
"I was out yesterday with my friend. We were just sitting there having a Bloody Mary. This guy comes up to my friend and says 'that's the porn star'.
Bursting into tears, she added: "I cried in the toilet. I find it really hard to be close to anybody. And that's the reason why."
(Image: WireImage)
She said she was "young and dumb" and made mistakes but didn't want to be known for what happened and now had to live with the "degradation".
Paige said: "When they came out I barricaded myself in the house for a couple of months. I was so sad to the point I was contemplating suicide.
"I was on the floor, I was so low. I got so skinny I ended up collapsing with exhaustion in hospital in England. They told me at the time it was like stress-induced anorexia.
"I wasn't eating, I wasn't sleeping, I lost all my hair. I have clippings right now but I literally have no hair because my hair fell out, because I was so stressed.
"It just broke my heart. I was like 'why would someone want to do that to someone?'"
(Image: NBCUniversal)
Paige said her former fiancé Alberto Del Rio's children received abuse at school, while she was subject to "cyberbullying" making her want to kill herself.
She told Garcia WWE's talent relations figure Mark Carano was in touch with her every day to help her though the problems.
Paige added that she met with Vince and Stephanie McMahon upon her return to the company and was told they were happy she was home.
The star received a 30-day suspension for violating WWE's Wellness Policy in August 2016 and a 60-day ban for a second breach two months later.
(Image: Rex Features)
Last October, Paige denied taking any illegal drugs, tweeting: "Same sh** different day. Kids. Please don't get prescriptions or doctors notes. Not acceptable."
Members of her family claimed her suspension was due to painkillers she had been prescribed for her neck injury.
Their comments included accusations she was not being treated properly, leading to her "going private" and receiving the prescriptions.
However, Paige has now admitted that after being suspended, she didn't know what to do and never expected WWE would publicly contradict these claims.
(Image: © WWE)
The company said: "Saraya-Jade Bevis tested positive for an illegal substance, not a prescription drug. In addition, WWE is providing world-class medical care for her in-ring injury.”
The 5ft 8in star said she reacted the way she did because she was seen as a role model and didn't want to be seen as a drug-using party girl.
Paige was also involved in an alleged domestic violence incident with Del Rio, aka Alberto el Patron, at a Florida airport in June, which did not result in any police charges.
The Anti-Diva suggested she had broken up with the 40-year-old Mexican - who was suspended by Impact Wrestling over the allegations - last month.
(Image: Paige WWE / Instagram)
Paige acknowledged the end of her relationship with Del Rio on the Garcia podcast, saying their careers were going in different directions.
She did not discuss the incident at Orlando International Airport, but said she hoped the best for him and that he would find someone.
Paige then added that she needed to focus on fixing herself and the former WWE world champion wanted to focus on his family.
You can listen to the podcast in full here
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This spring, why not get your brows waxed into perfect shape, pick up a free mascara and also help support and empower women?
For the fifth year, Benefit is back with its Bold is Beautiful program - which has raised over £1 million for the charities Refuge and Look Good Feel Better, who work to support women during times of crisis.
If you head down to a Benefit Brow Bar between April 28th - May 27th and get your brows waxed, then not only will 100% of the money go to charity, but as a special thanks the brand will also give you a free mini mascara worth £10.50.
It could be a sample of the new BadGal Bang! or the cult favourites They're Real or Roller Lash. Either way, you'll be skipping out of the store with brilliant brows and fluttery lashes.
Even better news for Benefit megafans, throughout the month of May there's going to be all-pink charity pop up shops opening around London, Glasgow and Cardiff. Here, you can browse through pink clothes and accessories donated from brands like Missguided, Agent Provocateur and Skinny Dip.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City were downed by a Sammy Ameobi scorcher in Friday night's Sky Sports televised game at the Macron Stadium.
Bolton Wanderers avenged their 2-0 loss at Ashton Gate back in September as the home side gained a vital win in their battle against the drop with a one-goal victory.
For the Robins it was a disappointing missed opportunity to really get among the automatic promotion contenders.
Lee Johnson's side battled well, had most of the ball but lacked quality in the final third.
Johnson made just one change to the side that had beaten QPR with ten men last weekend as Josh Brownhill came back into the side to replace the suspended Nathan Baker, into central midfield, with Korey Smith dropping to right-back.
The Trotters, meanwhile, were unable to field former City favourite Aaron Wilbraham due to injury and went with Sammy Ameobi in attack with the on-loan Tyler Walker, with top scorer Gary Madine sold to Cardiff on Wednesday.
Filipe Morais, shown a red card in the first battle in BS3, was kept on the bench, along with the returning Zach Clough.
And an arm wrestle for control of the game marked the early stages, with few attacks and just an early yellow card for Joe Bryan in the first quarter.
City cut through midfield sporadically through the thrusts of Ryan Kent and Bobby Reid but mostly Karl Henry and Josh Vela were equal to it.
Indeed, former City defender Mark Little enjoyed the most ball and space in the first period as the Robins failed to muster a shot on target.
Bolton did at the expense of having much of the ball, with Tyler Walker almost stabbing in from wide and some pinball in the box from a corner enabling Henry to toe just wide.
Reid did likewise follow a Paterson free-kick – and also had a decent penalty shout - but for the most part it was that ground war to find the bit of quality to open up the game.
Following the break, Bolton went close from a corner with Luke Steele flapping unsuccessfully before Paterson led a counter.
Famara Diedhiou headed powerfully at Alnwick and Reid almost potted the rebound, just beaten by an attentive outstretched leg from Beevers.
On came Zach Clough for a Macron Stadium homecoming as Lois Diony was also introduced with Hordur Magnusson as City matched Bolton's three at the back.
Just as it looked like the Robins might be getting on top of the game, Sammy Ameobi broke through midfield, outmuscled Bryan and rifled in from 20 yards out to give the home side the lead.
Brownhill shot to the near post, Diedhiou headed wide and Clough had the chance to seal the game on 84 minutes – blasting over when he had time in the box – before Diedhiou shot off target once more and Engvall replaced him.
There was no late saviour however as Bolton kept an unbeaten home run of results going against City stretching back to August 1994.
Bolton Wanderers: Alnwick, Wheater, Dervite, Beevers, Little (Morais 78'), Henry, Derik, Robinson, Ameobi, Vela, Walker (Clough 58')
Unused subs: Taylor, Le Fondre, Buckley, Flanagan, Howard,
Bristol City: Steele; Smith, Wright, Flint, Bryan; Kent, Pack (Diony 64'), Brownhill, Paterson (Magnusson 64'); Reid; Diedhiou (Engvall 85')
Unused subs: Wollacott, Walsh, Kelly, Eliasson
Referee: Andy Madley
Attendance: 14,172 (520 away)
Parkland Commission Begins Investigation Surrounding Deadly Florida Shooting A commission appointed to investigate the events leading up to and the response to the shooting in Parkland, Fla., began work Tuesday. Among the first areas of focus was the lack of coordination between law enforcement, which hampered their response to the shootings.
Parkland Commission Begins Investigation Surrounding Deadly Florida Shooting National Parkland Commission Begins Investigation Surrounding Deadly Florida Shooting Parkland Commission Begins Investigation Surrounding Deadly Florida Shooting Audio will be available later today. A commission appointed to investigate the events leading up to and the response to the shooting in Parkland, Fla., began work Tuesday. Among the first areas of focus was the lack of coordination between law enforcement, which hampered their response to the shootings. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Revenge is a dish best served cold - and it looks very chilly on a Friday evening in Liverpool.
Luckily Liverpool is in the mood to make amends this season. After being trounced 5-0 by Manchester City in September they repaid the favour by ending Pep Guardiola's unbeaten run with a 4-3 reverse back at Anfield.
And now for the next opportunity to right a wrong.
After being trounced 4-1 by Spurs at Wembley - a game Dejan Lovren would like to forget - they now have a chance to make things better against the North Londonders at Anfield on Sunday afternoon.
While some Premier League training grounds were a hive of activity on transfer deadline day, at Liverpool it was very much business as usual.
With no new arrivals it's left to the current squad to make amends.
And from the looks of these training pictures, they're hungry to do just that.
Which leads us to our first point...
1. Wish you were as fat as Virgil van Dijk?
(Image: Liverpool FC)
It's Jamie Carragher's job as a pundit to show us mere footballing mortals something we might not have noticed.
In this case, Virgil van Dijk's a little on the porky side.
And while Carra knows a little something about being a centre-half, Jurgen Klopp certainly disagrees his new Dutchman is carrying the pounds.
He may wear a loose fitting training top, but it hardly looks like the former Southampton man is too heavy.
While the camera may be slimming, he's doing his best to stretch it all out at Melwood.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
2. Lovren looks hungry for some revenge
(Image: Liverpool FC)
(Image: Liverpool FC)
Okay, maybe not as hungry as Virgil van Dijk (the food-based analogies end here).
But Lovren was given a torrid time against Harry Kane at Wembley.
At the time the Croatian was guilty of wanting to dominant the man rather that carrying out the basics of defending.
He's the defender most under threat from the arrival of Van Dijk, and he'd love to put things right against tormentor-in-chief Kane.
3. Firmino's the joker in the pack - again
(Image: Liverpool FC)
Another day training - another picture of Firmino with a smile on his face.
The Brazilian is infectious - and in a good way. Here he and Lovren share a smile, and we reckon it's probably not the big Croat reminding him of his Spurs performance last time around.
But why shouldn't he be smiling?
He netted his 19th of the season against Huddersfield at is vital to how the Reds play at the moment. The first name on the team-sheet with the smile to prove it.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
4. Can's a picture of (solitary) concentration
(Image: Liverpool FC)
It's a well-known secret that Emre Can is heading for the door.
However he's still a key part of the Anfield engine room before his likely move to Juventus. However he wasn't laughing and a joking a la Bobby Firmino in this training session.
In all the snaps we saw the German looked a picture of concentration.
Solitary concentration.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
5. What, me jealous?
(Image: Liverpool FC)
Sadio Mane certainly strutted his stuff at this training session.
The season may not have been vintage from the Senegalese - with some suggesting he's a little jealous of Mo Salah.
Sadio, jealous? Look at the strong pose, the serious demeanour, he's the Mane man.
He's so confident, he even has time to spend a little time with the cameraman. Let's hope that guy didn't say: "Oi, Sadio, get me Salah's autograph please."
(Image: Liverpool FC)
6. Skills to pay the bills
(Image: Liverpool FC)
(Image: Liverpool FC)
What haven't we said about Mo Salah this season?
Sometimes you just have to let the football to the talking. Look at these training pics.
Grace, skill, poise, power - the Egyptian's got the lot.
We've no idea where this shot ended up - but due to the fact that he simply can't miss this season, let's just say it nestled in the bottom corner of the net.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
7. Woodburn's ready to answer the call
(Image: Liverpool FC)
We've already alluded to a lack of transfer incomings at Anfield over the window.
Van Dijk apart, it was better summed up by who left. And all that may play into the hands of this man.
Liverpool's youngest ever scorer Ben Woodburn has been patiently waiting his chance - not being allowed to leave on loan to link up with his former Wales boss Chris Coleman at Sunderland.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
And with Phillipe Coutinho and Daniel Sturridge now departed, Woodburn could get the call he's craving to continue his Anfield developement.
He's certainly showing he's got the concentration for it here.
Look, not a flicker of frivolity on the young man's face.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Three people are in custody Monday after two Dakota Access pipeline protesters rappelled from the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis to hang a banner during the Minnesota Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
The game was not interrupted by the protest Sunday, but eight rows of fans seated below the banner were cleared as a precaution. The Vikings beat the Bears, 38-10.
Related Content: North Dakota oil spill raises questions about safety
The banner urged Minneapolis-based U.S. Bank to divest from the four-state, $3.8 billion pipeline. Opponents contend the pipeline could affect drinking water and Native American artifacts. Texas-based developer Energy Transfer Partners says the pipeline will be safe.
Minneapolis police spokesman Officer Corey Schmidt said a 32-year-old man and 26-year-old woman were arrested Sunday on misdemeanor burglary and trespass charges for the high-flying stunt. Police later arrested a 27-year-old woman whom they accuse of obstructing the legal process, but have released no details of her role in the incident.
Related Content: Trump selects Rick Perry as energy secretary
The protesters rappelled into place during the second quarter, and then hung in a seated position about 100 feet above the seats that were evacuated for safety. The pair watched the rest of the game, occasionally shifting positions or waving at spectators. One wore a purple Brett Favre Vikings jersey.
U.S. Bank Stadium operator SMG said in a statement that they apparently climbed over a guard rail to access the ridge truss. Police spoke with them from a catwalk in attempt to get them to stop, and by the fourth quarter about a half-dozen police and firefighters in rappelling gear were on the truss waiting to remove the pair.
Related Content: Dakota Access pipeline court battle to linger into new year
The protesters willingly climbed up their ropes when the game ended, as fans booed them from below.
Vikings spokesman Lester Bagley said the team's only concern was for the “safety of our fans and guests.”
Related Content: Trump not saying what he'll do about Dakota Access pipeline
Protesters say U.S. Bank has extended a large credit line to Energy Transfer Partners. U.S. Bank spokesman Dana Ripley declined comment.
The pipeline would carry oil from western North Dakota through South Dakota and Iowa to a shipping point in Illinois. Protesters camped in North Dakota for months to try to stop completion of the project.
___
Associated Press reporter Jeff Baenen contributed to this story from Minneapolis.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Many payday lenders could go out of business if rules made final this week by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau go into effect. But the changes face stiff headwinds from Republicans in Congress.
One new rule would require payday and auto title lenders to determine if a borrower can afford to repay in full within 30 days. That could thwart a business model that consumer advocates say relies on the rollover of unpaid loans with the accumulation of exorbitant fees and interest rates of 300 percent or more.
The proposed regulations also would limit the number of times a lender can debit a borrower's account without being reauthorized to do so. As The Associated Press writes, "This is because many payday loan borrowers end up over-drafting their bank accounts, which in turn incurs fees" or forces them to close their accounts.
"Too often, borrowers who need quick cash end up trapped in loans they can't afford," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement. "The rule's common-sense ability-to-repay protections prevent lenders from succeeding by setting up borrowers to fail."
Investopedia writes:
"Payday lenders offer short-term cash loans in exchange for a postdated check, usually dated for your next payday. The amount of the check includes the loan total and a finance charge. For example, you write a check for, say, $115 to receive a $100 loan. Given a two-week loan term, which is fairly standard, the $15 finance charge works out to an APR of nearly 400%, and this assumes you pay back the loan on time."
But a 2014 study by the CFPB found that the vast majority of payday loans are not paid back on time: More than 80 percent are rolled over or followed by another loan within two weeks. The study found that 15 percent of new loans "are followed by a loan sequence at least 10 loans long."
"Payday and car title lenders profit from repeatedly dragging hard-pressed people deeper and deeper into debt, and taking advantage of families when they are financially vulnerable," said Lisa Donner with Americans for Financial Reform. "Curbing the ability to push loans that borrowers clearly cannot repay is a key protection."
However, the Financial Services Association of America, a trade group that represents the $39 billion industry, says the rule would devastate an industry that serves 30 million to 40 million customers a year.
"Taking away their access to this line of credit means many more Americans will be left with no choice but to turn to the unregulated loan industry, overseas and elsewhere, while others will simply bounce checks and suffer under the burden of greater debt," says Ed D'Alessio, the group's executive director.
The CFPB estimates that loan volume for the industry could be cut in half and that many of the 16,000 payday lender stores in 35 states will be forced out of business. Fifteen states have effectively banned such lenders.
Along with finalizing the proposed CFPB rule, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Thursday lifted restrictions that kept banks from making small-dollar loans, Reuters reports.
The payday rule would not go into effect until 2019 and still could be rolled back by Congress.
The CFPB, created under the Obama-era Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, has been in the cross-hairs of the Trump administration and Republicans lawmakers who say it saddles businesses with excessive red tape.
In February, Sen. Mike Rounds (R-ND) introduced a bill to cut funding to the CFPB. In June, House Republicans voted overwhelmingly in favor of a bill pushed by Texas GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling to weaken the bureau and roll back the Dodd-Frank act.
According to an opinion poll published in April by the Pew Charitable Trusts, 70 percent of 1,205 American adults surveyed want more regulation of payday lenders.
BEIJING: Chinese President Xi Jinping has said that China is willing to deepen pragmatic cooperation with other Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) member countries in defense and security so as to contribute to long-term regional stability and prosperity.
Xi made the remarks at a group meeting with defense ministers from Russia, Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan and the Kyrgyz Republic chief of the general staff of armed forces.
Senior SCO officials and Indian ambassador visited China to attend the meeting Tuesday. The defense minister of Belarus was also present as a specially invited guest.
Xi hailed contributions made by SCO member countries in safeguarding regional security and stability, ranging from improving meeting mechanism among defense ministries and military leaders to conducting joint military exercises.
Xi stressed that security is the cornerstone for development. “We must take safeguarding regional security and stability as the SCO's work priority as always.”
China is willing to work together with other SCO member countries to adhere to the organization charter and consensus reached by heads of state, the president said.
On the basis of mutual trust and benefit and discussing issues as equals, China will also jointly draw blueprints for defense and security cooperation and continuously innovate the cooperation model so as to create a better system for such cooperation and improve the organization's capability in shielding against threats, Xi said.
China will unwaveringly stay on the path of peaceful development, continue its efforts to safeguard world peace, contribute to global development, uphold international order, and work with other countries to promote the building of a community with a shared future for humanity, Xi said.
On behalf of SCO defense ministers, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said they admired China's achievements in development and national defense building.
The minister said that they believed the SCO will play an important role in safeguarding the strategic interests of various countries and regional and world peace and stability.
Other officials including Chinese State Councilor and Minister of National Defense Wei Fenghe also attended the group meeting.
The SCO summit will be held in the coastal city of Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province in June.—NNI
Latino Civil Rights Leader Speaks Out About Trump's Immigration Framework
NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with Roger Rocha, president of League of United Latin American Citizens, the oldest Latino civil rights organization, following the release of a now-rescinded letter this week in support of President Trump's "four pillar" framework for immigration reform.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
This week, the head of the country's oldest Latino civil rights organization took a surprising position. We are talking about Roger Rocha. He's president of LULAC, the League of United Latin American Citizens. On Sunday, he endorsed White House principles for an immigration deal in a letter of thanks to President Trump. Those principles include border security, ending the visa lottery, cutting back on family reunification along with DACA, legalizing people who were brought over the border as young children. Rocha withdrew his letter after an outpouring of criticism and calls for him to resign.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Well, Rocha is not resigning. He says his talks with the administration and lawmakers from both parties have moved the needle, including in getting all 1.8 million DREAMers included in the deal, not just 800,00 DACA recipients. And he says he moved the needle by laying out what enhanced border security could look like.
ROGER ROCHA: I live on the border. I live right on the border with Mexico, I could tell you. And being at the table, we were able to position a wall of technology - drones, motion sensors, cameras, et cetera. And we were also able to position - you don't need a wall where there are natural barriers - rivers and mountains. And for a short time, you heard the president saying that.
SHAPIRO: LULAC has long called for Congress to pass a clean DACA Bill, so Rocha's willingness to engage on border security and the president's other pillars is a dramatic reversal. He told me he wrote the controversial letter because he fears if no deal is struck now, DREAMers will be left with nothing.
ROCHA: It's going to cost the DREAMers any chance they have of not living in fear anymore. The program will expire, and that's it. Now, I recognize - 'cause I told them; I said, well, a federal judge issued a TRO on that. They're like, yeah.
SHAPIRO: Temporary restraining order.
ROCHA: Temporary restraining order - but the moment a higher court reverses it, the program ends.
SHAPIRO: The language of the letter says, I would like to begin by congratulating you on setting out a reasonable framework. That congratulatory tone seems to have been what made a lot of people upset.
ROCHA: You are correct. And I do apologize for making people upset with, you know, the word congratulations or thank you.
SHAPIRO: Do you think it was the wrong position to take policy wise?
ROCHA: I don't think it's the wrong position to say we need to be at the bargaining table.
SHAPIRO: But to endorse those four principles?
ROCHA: I don't think it's the wrong position because remember; part of those principles we contributed to. We know we got what we wanted for the DREAMers. We moved it to 1.8. We know we're back again to a wall of technology, so we're pretty good there. Now the discussions are moving towards the lottery visa system and the family reunification. So it's got to be one step at a time. But the point...
SHAPIRO: So it doesn't sound like you've changed your position that the four principles are fundamentally sound. Did you then withdraw the letter just because you were under so much pressure from members of your organization?
ROCHA: I withdrew it because I saw and I received emails from the immigrant community. And that's what really tugged at me. My letter was not intended to harm the immigrant community or the DREAMers. But I have to see reality. You can't advocate on any issue if you're not at the table.
SHAPIRO: Sounds like you're saying the immigrant community needs to be more willing to compromise than perhaps people have been in the past.
ROCHA: Yes because it's like when you're going to make a deal, you want to get what you want, and I'm going to get what I want. You compromise. OK, I'll give you this for that. For me, it is like a hostage situation. In a hostage situation, you try to save as many people as possible.
SHAPIRO: I think many people would look at the poll numbers and say, look; not only does a vast majority of Americans support DACA. A majority of Republicans supports DACA. The government won't be funded unless Democrats pitch in and give their votes. This is a moment that a group like LULAC should have a lot of leverage. So why should you be willing to give up things like family reunification, border security, things like that that the membership might not be excited about?
ROCHA: Well, we're not giving up family reunification. We're not giving up on anything.
SHAPIRO: Let me say make concessions on family reunification, the border wall...
ROCHA: Well, on that, on family unification, those discussions are still being had. But we need the community to come out and say, hey, if you support, you know, the DREAMers - because apparently more than 80 percent of this country does - you need to start calling your member of Congress and saying, look; make a deal. We support it. Get it done. At the end of the day, I know I've received a lot of criticism, and I can live with it. But if at the end of the day we pass something to help 1.8 million individuals, I know that I did my job regardless of what you think of me, regardless of all of the hate that has been thrown my way. We now need to redirect that at members of Congress so they can get something passed. We are on the clock.
SHAPIRO: Roger Rocha, thank you very much.
ROCHA: Thank you, Sir.
SHAPIRO: He's the president of LULAC, the League of United Latin American Citizens.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Best Bet: WRONG BEN (3)
Best Value: TWO HOT BETTY (4)
FIRST: Bangle debuts for Wes Ward in season's first 2-year-old race; best guess. Shivoo, also from Ward barn, was a January foal, growth edge? One Last Cast makes first start for Todd Pletcher; happy hunting.
SECOND: On Tap owns fast late-pace figure and makes first start since claimed by Linda Rice; rates close call. Grey Glory regressed in last start after fast-figured win in previous race; rebound potential. Patton Proud can impact on “A” game.
THIRD: Wrong Ben tallied solid final fraction when a 5-length winner in debut; more to come. Horoscope was a top-figured, front-end winner in last; easily could take another. Mollica is 1-for-1 on the Big A's main track and fired 5-furlong bullet drill on March 21; worth long look.
FOURTH: Two Hot Betty is riding a forward line on the numbers and displayed ability on turf last fall; call based on price potential. Lemondrop Lollipop needed last and owns swift grass numbers; very playable. Run Blondie Run displayed improved speed on Gulfstream grass last time; front-end threat.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
FIFTH: Preziosa notched rapid late-pace figure when breaking maiden on St. Patrick's Day; pairs up wins. Shesmyheartandsoul bounced last time after wire-to-wire win two starts back; rebound threat. Jetsam Six should pack amplified late kick with cutback to 7 furlongs; dangerous. Congaree Drive makes first start since claimed by Gary Gullo; front-running threat.
SIXTH: Frostie Anne logged swift numbers when a front-running winner on April 2; keeps on giving. Abounding Spirit logged a win and three seconds in last four starts; logical, short-priced player. Peaches and Spice made wide move when a determined winner in last; price will be tempting.
SEVENTH: Bargaining Table is a five-time winner on Aqueduct sod and displays a history of firing big efforts off the bench. Maddizaskar was a dominant winner on the dirt last out and owns three victories on grass; very playable. War Queen has failed as the favorite in both stateside starts; for chalk lovers only.
EIGHTH: Party Mint Star logged three solid works for first start since November; primed and ready. My Plain Jane was a non-threatening ninth when facing pricier field in debut on March 25; improvement predicted. Double Mane is speedy and should be tighter in second start since eight-month layoff; must respect. Sapporo was an ultra-game second in well-bet debut; regresses today?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bayern Munich legend Stefan Effenberg has picked out Real Madrid's key man ahead of their crunch Champions League semi-final clash.
The Bundesliga champions host the European Cup holders in the first leg at the Allianz Arena on Wednesday night in a repeat of last year's quarter-final.
Despite scoring five goals in two legs against Munich last season, Effenberg didn't single out Cristiano Ronaldo for praise, and instead claimed Zinedine Zidane's key man is in the heart of the defence.
"Cristiano is an important player, but the key player is Sergio Ramos," the 49-year-old told AS .
(Image: Getty)
(Image: AFP)
"I did not want to play against him. I do not lie when I say that Madrid would not have won so many titles without Ramos.
"The same applies to (Toni) Kroos. His commitment has helped Madrid make the final step towards the world elite."
(Image: AFP)
The former Munich hitman was asked about current one Robert Lewandowski who has been linked with a move to Madrid, and he can understand why teams are in for him.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"I can understand why some English teams are after him as well," he added. "If Robert says he wants to leave, the club will have to open the door for him.
"He absolutely wants to win the Champions League, but he has all the conditions for Bayern."
N. Korean Leader Kim Jong-un's Half-Brother Is Dead. But Why?
Audio will be available later today.
Enlarge this image toggle caption The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Images The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Images
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
Exiled Half-Brother Of North Korean Leader Reported Dead In Malaysia Exiled Half-Brother Of North Korean Leader Reported Dead In Malaysia Listen · 4:11 4:11
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Survivors of sexual exploitation have urged people not to view talking about abuse as a "dirty, dark secret", as they encourage victims to come forward.
Four women, abused from as young as eight, are sharing their experiences as they try and educate police, social workers and teachers how to spot sexual exploitation.
They have formed an organisation, Reign, and hope to empower young victims by giving a survivor's perspective, the Manchester Evening News reports.
Each of the four hope to dispel victims' fears that they won't be listened to or are "too damaged" to be helped.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
Their message - "Child sexual abuse is a crime - but talking about it isn't" - is being shared on huge billboards around Manchester,
Using their experiences, the four will hold workshops to help police, social workers and teachers identify the signs of child sexual exploitation. By telling their own stories, they hope to break the taboo, encourage young people to speak out - and ensure adults are able to give them the help and support they need.
They aim to raise awareness that all children are deserving of protection, whether they be under 12 or up to 18 years old.
The four have spoken out as part of RECLAIM, a charity which advocates working class young people and helps them challenge social stereotypes.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
Elicia , 19, is studying for a degree in counselling and is aiming to help other child survivors of sexual abuse.
She said: “I'm passionate because I'm a survivor of child sexual exploitation, which began when I was eight.
“I want to make a difference in society and educate professionals who have let me down and support young people going through these events in a different way.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
“We want to show that we can be powerful and strong and won't be silent any more.
“Within Reign we all have different qualities and offer something different which makes Reign work. We want to make sure professionals are getting the right knowledge, that what may appear to be signs of normal teenage behaviours are actually signs of abuse.
“Further down the line we want to look at sentences that perpetrators are getting, we feel they aren't long enough.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
“Child sexual exploitation affects you emotionally, mentally and physically - yet so many sentences don't reflect that, and that's not justice.
“Just because we went through something difficult it won't define what we do next. It's not the end, it's the beginning for us. People who are abused are so scared they won't be believed.
“We want to tell people you are believed, you aren't alone, we want to make change.”
Zoe , 24, wants to be an activist to help implement change.
“I'm driven by my anger and sense of justice," she said. "I feel like working on campaigns I'm passionate about gives me purpose.
“We are people and we want to be heard.
“Reign is the first time I've felt like someone is believing in us, not babying us and feeling like we're too damaged to speak to.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
“When you are sexually abused the power is taken away from you and this feels like we are getting it back. We want to tell others that you are not alone.
“We want to show that there are so many issues around consent. With exploitation it can be harder to see those lines.
“We want people to realise that if a child seems to be consenting to what is happening to them it doesn't mean it's OK.
“People want you to just lie down and die, be like a martyr to what you've been through. But we won't do that.”
“When they meet us and hear our case studies, it gives them real experiences and helps them work in the real world.
“You need to see every child as a human, not as a case study.”
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
Aaliyah, 22, hopes to open her own clothing line as well as continuing her work with Reign
“I was exploited from the age of 14. The reason I'm doing this is because I've been failed by professionals.
“I think professionals are using the wrong approach, I've been failed by the police after my abuse started when I was 14. My abuser was sentenced in the courts eventually.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
“But I would never want other young people to go through what I went through.
“I want to see more of discussion about this - not many people want to talk about it. They want to keep it behind closed doors like it's secret.
“We want to make Reign bigger and better. We want as many people as possible to get involved and join the campaign.
Becka, 20, is studying history at university, she wants to dedicate her life to helping others and influencing change
“For me, the abuse started when I was 13. It should be OK to talk about sexual abuse. It's not shameful, it's not a dirty dark secret.
“I think there's a real problem with victim blaming. People saying they should be responsible for their own behaviour, that they were old enough to know better even though they are still underage. I think we need to do something to change the attitude around the issue.
(Photo: Manchester Evening News)
“Child sexual abuse is a crime, we need to talk about that.
“I think as well that people have a lot of sympathy for the idea of a small child being abused - which is right.
“But there are all these other types of abuse, of older girls who can't consent. So much behaviour is normalised and written off.
“We aren't defined by what happened to us and we don't want it to define the rest of our lives - we have the means to turn it into something positive.
“It feels like people want you to just lie down and die - be like a martyr - but we won't do that. You wouldn't wish what's happened to us on anyone but we have turned it around.
“After one of our workshops one social worker said she was going to revisit a closed case because of something we'd said.
“If we can stop just one person experiencing abuse then that's great.”
You can find more on Reign on Twitter @REIGNmanchester or check out the Facebook page.
If you ever went on a date and just ordered a garden salad in the fear of revealing your inner foodie, you're not impressing her in the least bit. In fact, you're doing the opposite. Because a recent study just reported that women find you sexy if you're a foodie. Now, while we don't suggest bringing out that monstrous appetite all at once, there are a few foods that you could indulge in and charm her with.
A survey of 7,000 singles by the online dating site Zoosk and an analysis of over four million profiles, pointed out that your food preferences are a major deciding factor in landing a big fish (sorry, couldn't resist that pun). The plain reason for this being that some foods are just sexier than others.
According to the study, when you merely mention food without specifications in your dating profile, you'll anyway find more women responding to your messages. But if you specify guacamole in your profile, the flooding of messages will increase up to a 114 per cent. If you love avocados, this is great news, right? Further, the study discovered that avocados are not the only food women love. Potato comes a close second. The mere mention of potatoes could increase the messages by 101 per cent. And any mention of chocolate could increase it to a 100 per cent.
Speaking to Playboy, dating and relationship coach Deanna Cobden said that when it comes to dating, one shouldn't underestimate the power of food, since food preferences can say a lot about your personality. “This kind of information can reveal a lot about a person, such as their lifestyle, healthiness and whether they're adventurous, fun, sophisticated and so on,” she adds.
Not only avocados, potatoes and chocolates, but the mere mention of being a foodie could increase your chances of landing a date. It increases the number of messages by 82 per cent. If you enjoy cooking, you might want to mention that as well to get a 26 per cent hike in your love messages.
But as it turns out, not all foods yield the same results. Because the mention of yams was discovered to decrease the number of messages by 70 per cent. And any conversation related to fried chicken reduces the messages by 15 per cent. Yeah, there's also such a thing as negative food. Talk about preferences. You've got to be careful how much of your foodie-self you reveal.
If you didn't know that already, the study spells it out for your benefit: going to a fast food joint on your first date is an immediate dealbreaker. At least 10 per cent female respondents attest to this. But on the other hand, sushi dates are fine because sushi is raw, sophisticated and, well, it's fun.
Moving on, 34 per cent of singles said that one of the sexiest items to order on a date is dessert followed by wine and cheese, ice cream, oysters and fondue. Whereas the least sexy item to order on a date is – no points for guessing – chicken wings.
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
How to eat fish and still save the Earth: A guide to seafood for the environmentally conscious
The gentleman's guide to tropical fruit and what to do with them
This nude restaurant in Paris requires patrons to remove all clothing before they dine
> More on Food
Following its rather long break from the BBC, Doctor Who is a Series 10 has officially begun with a rather chilled-out opening episode, which was pure genius. However, fans know that this is the final series for the current Doctor, played by #PeterCapaldi. The current Time Lord will bow out of the show this Christmas, where the new lead will take on the iconic role.
#BBC, of course, wants to keep Capaldi's replacement confidential for the time being, but, the Thirteenth Doctor may have just been leaked by several sources, who claim to have inside people that have access to top-secret information.
A Former 'My Family' Star May Become The Doctor
'Death in Paradise' [Credit: BBC One]
The Mirror, who has been accurate with #DoctorWho spoilers recently claimed that former My Family actor, Kris Marshall, has already started filming scenes in his new role as the Thirteenth Doctor.
"Kris Marshall has already joined the cast and will regenerate at the end of this series, not in the Christmas special. They won't risk a woman Doctor. They want the Tennant type."
Based on the above quote from The Mirror, how true can this be? Recently, Peter Capaldi has expressed that he will regenerate in the Christmas Special, but The Mirror claims he doesn't make it that far. Is Capaldi telling a lie, or has The Mirror finally been caught spreading false rumors this time?
Bets were originally placed on Kris Marshall following his departure from Death in Paradise, until all bets were halted due to “A surge of punters" backing Marshall as replacing Capaldi as the Doctor.
Like the BBC, representatives for Kris Marshall have refused to comment on this "leaked news" and claim no casting decisions have been made for Series 11 yet. For now, we have to wait until official confirmation from the BBC, because for all we know, The Mirror could potentially be wrong this time around!
Doctor Who continues Saturday, April 22nd on BBC with the episode "Smile." Why not check out the "Next Time" trailer below?
(Source: The Mirror)
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," he says.
Indeed, newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," he says. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," he says. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," he says.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, he says "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, he says Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
A Bristol police officer who flew into violent fits of rage if his girlfriend interacted with other men has been sacked.
Disgraced PC Wayne Hodge would become angry and abusive if his former partner failed to abide by a series of bizarre rules – like wearing lipstick, red nail varnish or leggings – during a turbulent two-year relationship between early 2014 and November 2015.
PC Hodge, who was previously based in Staple Hill, obsessed over his girlfriend's whereabouts and would become aggressive if she ever returned home later than expected.
He was dismissed following a misconduct panel hearing at Avon and Somerset Police headquarters today, which he did not attend.
During the hearing, the panel heard evidence of PC Hodge's “coercive” manner and the extreme lengths he went to to control his girlfriend's – referred to as Miss T - every move.
Barrister Mark Ley-Morgan, representing the force's standards team, said his actions breached the standards of professional behaviour concerning honesty and integrity, authority, respect and courtesy and discreditable conduct.
“There are numerous examples of aggressive behaviour towards Miss T," he said.
“He called her all sorts of unpleasant names and controlled her in terms of what she could wear, what sort of make-up she could wear, who she could see, when she could see them, being abusive to men who dared to look at her, driving past her place of work and not even allowing her to have a supermarket delivery if he wasn't there.
“He has declined to answer any questions about his conduct in interview…and he is not here today to answer the allegations himself.
“The public have a right to expect officers to demonstrate the highest professional standards and any reasonable member of the public would be justifiably concerned and appalled by PC Hodge's behaviour towards Miss T.”
As well as abusing Miss T in his personal life, on one occasion, in October 2014, PC Hodge used his powers as a police constable to find out who had sent her flowers.
She had received the unsigned bouquet from a customer who regularly shopped at the supermarket Miss T worked.
But the uniformed officer, concerned they had been sent by an admirer, attended the shop where the flowers were purchased and managed to obtain the contact details of the sender by claiming he was investigating a stalking.
He subsequently rang the customer, who had sent them to Miss T while she was unwell, to “warn him off”, Mr Ley-Morgan argued.
“He says he was acting in the course of his duties, because he says concern was caused to Miss T,” Mr Ley-Morgan added.
“But we say…he's lied to the customer, the florist and in the subsequent intelligence report he filed.”
On another occasion, in August 2015, PC Hodge injured his girlfriend by hurling a mobile phone at her after she refused to give him the passcode.
Recalling the incident at today's hearing, Miss T said: “It hit me straight on. He was angry. His face was bright red, he was spitting everywhere.
“He just kept saying you need to tell me the code, [which] my friend had changed because I had had enough of him.”
PC Hodge, who is no longer in a relationship with Miss T, was also alleged to have displayed similar levels of control towards his current girlfriend, who works as a PCSO.
Referred to during the hearing as ‘Miss D', PC Hodge was said to have banned her from using unisex changing rooms if a male member of staff was present and constantly sending her messages, to which she was expected to respond immediately.
In January earlier this year, he was also said to have logged onto one of the police's internal systems to track his partner's whereabouts.
Panel chair Alex Lock, who spent more than two hours deliberating the case, said PC Hodge's actions amounted to gross misconduct and dismissed him without notice.
You may also be interested in...
Chicago and Minneapolis also pulled out at the last minute.
The 2026 World Cup will feature a newly expanded format with 48 teams and 80 games, up from 32 and 60 respectively.
Cordeiro also cited the "opportunity for record revenues" with all games sold out and some 5.8 million tickets sold, making for ticketing revenue of more than US$2.1 billion.
The North American bid features 23 candidate host cities — including the three in Canada and three in Mexico. That list will be likely be reduced to no more than 16 by FIFA should the North American bid prevail.
Mexican Football Federation president Decio De Maria said it will be easy for those living in the north of Mexico to attend games in the southern U.S.
"I think it is the same for Canadians," he said. "They can attend easily the games that are going to be in the north of the U.S."
De Maria called that mobility "a rich powerful tool of our bid."
The three executives were in Kuala Lumpur where they were presenting their bid to Asian soccer officials. They have already visited officials in South America, Africa and Europe.
"We're not taking any vote for granted," said Cordeiro.
The U.S. soccer boss said he was not concerned that the North American bid might be affected by anti-Trump sentiments around the globe.
"We believe strongly that this decision will be made on its merits," he said.
"Look, this is not geopolitics," he added, when pressed on the matter. "We're talking about football and fundamentally, at the end of the day, what's in the best interest of football and our footballing community. And we've had no backlash."
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
AMMAN — The Kingdom's total public debt increased by the end of January to some JD27.4 billion, constituting 95.6 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP), compared with JD27.27 billion that amounted to 95.3 per cent of the GDP in 2017, the Finance Ministry announced on Monday.
The ministry said in its monthly bulletin, cited by the Jordan News Agency, Petra, that the debts of the National Electric Power Company (NEPCO) and the Water Authority of Jordan (WAJ) totalled some JD3.7 billion at the end of the said month.
Updates showed that the net debt by the end of January, compared to the end of 2017, increased by JD355 million, which was allocated for covering the budget deficit and the debts of NEPCO and WAJ that are guaranteed by the central government.
As for the external debt until the end of January, it went up by JD7.8 million to JD11.87 billion, which constitutes 41.4 per cent of the estimated GDP until the end of January.
The ministry also announced that the post-grant budget deficit in January stood at JD42.7 million, compared to a surplus of JD114.3 million registered in the same period of 2017.
Excluding foreign grants, the budget deficit in the first month of 2018 stood at JD52.5 million, compared to registering a JD100 million surplus in January 2017 the ministry stated.
It attributed the budget deficit increase in January 2018 to disbursing some JD115 million as cash subsidies to citizens in one instalment, instead of 12 monthly payments, to offset the rising prices of bread following the lifting of subsidy.
Also on Monday, the Central Bank of Jordan (CBJ) said that national economy indicators are positive despite the political unrests in the region, especially in Syria and Iraq, which negatively affected the performance of many important economic sectors.
The CBJ, in a report carried by Petra, noted that the foreign reserves by the end of February this year totalled JD13.9 billion that covers the cost of the Kingdom's imports of goods and services for 7.7 months.
The CBJ data showed that the total deposits in licensed banks stood at JD33.4 billion by the end of January, compared with JD33.2 billion by the end of 2017.
Accumulative deposits in dinar in January 2018 accounted for JD25.8 billion, compared with JD25.6 billion by the end of 2017, while deposits in foreign currencies reached JD7.7 billion, compared to JD7.6 billion in the same comparison period.
The credit facilities granted by licensed banks amounted to JD25 billion in the first month of 2018, compared with JD24.7 billion by the end of 2017.
From Jordan, home to 650,000 refugees, only around 8,000 Syrians returned home in all of 2017, according to UNHCR figures. Most went soon after a local truce was reached in part of southern Syria in July, then the numbers tapered off later in the year. In Lebanon, the UNHCR said last month that the number of registered refugees dropped to below one million for the first time since 2014. Some had resettled in third countries or had died, but a few thousand returned home.
Not all are going back because they are ready.
One woman, Umm Wissam, told The Associated Press she returned to Syria in August after six years in Jordan. Her husband was deported several months earlier — one of around 2,300 deported by Jordan in 2017. He had been working in construction in Jordan and without his income, Umm Wissam and the couple's five children couldn't continue to live there. The family is from Aleppo, but the cost of living there has forced them to settle in the southern Syrian city of Daraa.
"The situation here, unfortunately, is no water, no electricity, no work. Our situation is very tiring, I swear to God," she wrote on WhatsApp.
Maarawi, meanwhile, is happy to be home. He sat behind a desk in his tire repair shop near Aleppo's main Saadallah al-Jabiri Square. The city is largely at peace now after government forces defeated rebels there in December 2016.
Like many others, Maarawi embarked on an epic journey to reach safety in Europe. He left Syria in January 2016. From Turkey, he took one of the crowded, inflatable smugglers' boats to the Greek island of Lesbos — an especially hazardous trip, because he doesn't know how to swim. He made his way across Macedonia, Serbia, Slovenia, Croatia and Austria, enduring long train rides and walks through forests.
In Germany, he began learning the language and training for work. The Germans provided food, clothes and a stipend, but, "in the town where I was staying there was no life, there were few people, you suffer psychological pressure, depression, and it is cold," he said.
He lasted just a few months, returning in July.
Adeeb Ayoub, a 13-year-old, took the sea trip to Greece with his uncle in 2015. "I felt that the possibility of surviving the sea is bigger than surviving in Aleppo," said his father, Firas Ayoub.
"Before, if you had given me Europe, America and all the continents of the world, I would not leave my country," said Firas, who owns a chocolate shop in central Aleppo. "The idea of leaving came when the war crushed everything. Can someone stay and live in a ball of fire? Wherever you go, it's fire, shells and rockets."
The hope was that after the son was settled in Europe, his parents and three siblings would be allowed to join him. But that never worked out, so after two years his parents told him to return. In September, the boy arrived at Damascus airport, welcomed by his weeping mother.
"It was an adventure," Adeeb said, sitting next to a diesel heater on a cold morning at his parents' apartment in western Aleppo.
In the German town of Reinheim, he went to school and was a midfielder on the local soccer team. Now Adeeb plays for Aleppo's Itihad soccer team, one of the top teams in Syria.
He says he wouldn't return to Europe if he had the chance.
"This is our country," he said. "If we go to another country, to Germany, the people there are not like us."
The Associated Press
Speech to Text for Local boy scouts compete in Pinewood Derby
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
that's what several kinds of did this morning. we're talking about the district wide "pinewood derby". it was held today in terre haute. boy scouts in local counties made their own wooden cars! and it's all about speed -- where the fastest car wins the honors! "we're having a competition today to see who's going to have the fastest cars and have the bragging rights for a whole year!" more than 90 cars were made for the event today! and a good meal for a
The 10-year bond yield was at 6.502% compared to its previous close of 6.474%. Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: The Indian rupee on Thursday opened marginally stronger but soon erased all the gains and was trading little changed against the US dollar.
The rupee opened at 64.25 a dollar. At 9.15am, the rupee was trading at 64.31 a dollar, down 0.01% from its Wednesday's close of 64.30.
Overnight, US Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third time in six months and maintained its outlook for one more hike in 2017 and additional plans to tighten monetary policy despite growing concerns over weak inflation.
The 10-year bond yield was at 6.502% compared to its previous close of 6.474%. Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions.
The benchmark Sensex index gained 0.29% or 91.40 points to 31,247.31. So far this year, it has risen 17%.
So far this year, the rupee has gained 5.65%, while foreign investors bought $8.43 billion and $13.25 billion in local equity and debt markets, respectively.
Asian currencies were trading mixed. Thai baht was up 0.15%, Malaysian ringgit 0.09% and Japanese yen rose 0.04%. However, Taiwan dollar was down 0.07%, Indonesian rupiah 0.07% and Singapore dollar fell 0.05%.
The dollar index, which measures the US currency's strength against major currencies, was trading at 96.894, down 0.05% from its previous close of 96.939.
Genoa, May 30 - A Florence prosecutor who asked for the arrest of his girlfriend's ex was sent to trial on Wednesday. Vincenzo Ferrigno will go on trial September 18, judicial sources said. Prosecutors have charged him with abuse of office. A preliminary hearings judge cleared him of the charge of false testimony. "I'm happy the right ting has been done," said the ex, a Tuscan doctor. He said it was right for "rotten apples" in the judiciary to be prosecuted.
illustration : Jayachandran/Mint
In his slim but seminal book, Strictly Bipolar, British psychoanalyst and author Darian Leader writes that in the memoirs of many manic-depressive subjects, “pages of disappointment with mental health workers and medication will almost invariably be followed by a sentence such as: ‘Then I met the best doctor.'” More than the greatest doctor or the perfect drug, Leader suggests, what helps a bipolar subject is “the actual function of idealization itself”. By idealizing our doctors and therapists, we safeguard their authority and make them parental substitutes, someone who embodies a “consistent and benevolent gaze”. Resisting the temptation of such glorification has been impossible for me, but Dr Pushpa Misra and Dr C.S. Mukherji have both received punctured declarations of my immeasurable debt. “It's because of you that I get my second chances, doctor,” I once told Dr Misra. “You pick yourself up, Shreevatsa,” she said, “but the trouble is that your slippers are quite slippery.”
The efficacy of doctors is often measured by the frequency with which their patients fall ill. Manic-depressives often make that barometer unreliable. Notoriously non-compliant, they refuse their medicines when they are tired of their side-effects, and frustrated by its slow and incremental benefits, they reject therapy. I once told Dr Mukherji, “I think you like having me depressed. Isn't it possible for me to be manic and control its damage too? I miss feeling alive.”
A week later, I had written myself a tapered prescription, and even though I had begun to feel the effusion of hypomania, I kept my transgression secret. Tired of living in Calcutta, knocking its lack of professional and recreational opportunities, I interrupted Dr Misra's therapy and moved city in 2013. Once away, I again turned to marijuana to cope with the stresses of employment and the paresis of depression. Predictably, mania did not take long to arrive.
Finding me unwilling to return, my doctors have had to acquiesce to my institutionalisation. “Confinement is something I don't believe in,” Dr Mukherji told me, “but your shenanigans sometimes leave me with little choice.”
***
In July 2007, when I woke up with my hands tied to a hospital bed, I had no memory of having been brought there. My glasses had been taken off. Though everything in the room was a blur, the tiles, I saw, were a dirty green, and the tube light, I remember, flickered dolefully. I thought my male nurse's white shirt and trousers were part of his police uniform. “Have I been arrested?” I asked him. My guilt precipitated my fear.
For six weeks, my actions had grown increasingly perilous and I was altogether indifferent to their consequence. Accusing my parents of neglect, I had left home in a huff. I had openly berated the State and its control. I had sidled up to an Australian woman in a bikini. There was something obviously blasphemous about my presumed possession of divinity. I had pretended to be Advaita Goswami, and worse, I'd littered the streets of Delhi with pages I had torn from Virginia Woolf's diary. It was hard for me to tally my transgressions or measure their effect. I again asked the taciturn nurse, “Am I in jail?” Preparing a syringe, he finally replied, “You're in a hospital. The doctor will be here to see you tomorrow.” Minutes after he had jabbed my arm, my eyes grew heavy. The oblivion was welcome. I needed to escape my new reality.
How To Travel Light—My Memories Of Madness And Melancholia: By Shreevatsa Nevatia, Penguin Random House, 238 pages, Rs399.
The room was dark when I surfaced. I didn't know what time it was. My watch had been removed with my restraints. Removing my blanket, I desperately searched for my phone. “It's the first thing they take away.” The nurse's voice was a whisper. “Please, you must have a phone,” I implored him. “I must have the right to make at least one phone call. I really need to call my sister.” Tucking me back in, Madhu said, “You're not meant to have any contact with the outside world, but you're safe.” I resisted the quilt and the warmth of his consolation. “You must understand that the doctors here have made a mistake of some sort. I'm not meant to be here. My girlfriend is waiting for me in England. We're going to get married soon. My Master's course starts in a few weeks. I need to be there, not here.”
Madhu returned to his chair. “I'm in a long-distance relationship myself,” he soon confessed. He had met his fiancée in a nursing college, and the decision to leave Kerala for Bombay, he shyly admitted, had been the hardest one he'd ever made. “Our phones keep us alive,” he said.
Over the next hour, as we talked about his orthodox parents, the punishing cost of living in Bombay and the many hardships of love, I felt I had disarmed Madhu with my empathy. “I'm only asking that you give me your phone for a minute,” I cajoled him. “My sister needs to know I am here. She really must be very worried about me.” Tentatively, Madhu reached inside his pocket and said, “Only one call and then I'm taking this back.” I thanked him profusely and dialled my sister's number. I discovered a fantastic solace in her ‘hello'. “You won't believe where Mum and Dad have left me. They're treating me like a prisoner here. You have to get me out. Please.” I could hear my sister panic. Sitting in the clinic of a psychiatrist who had ordered I be admitted to a Colaba hospital, she was filling out a bipolar questionnaire at the exact moment I called her. The checklist asked her if her thoughts raced ‘no more than usual', ‘somewhat more than usual' or ‘much more than usual'. She was asked how often she broke into song, and if she had ‘quite mystical experiences'. Already distressed by the news that I was bipolar, my sister's anxiety doubled when she heard the affliction was genetic. She could, it'd follow, be bipolar too. “I know where you are, Shivvy. You needn't worry about anything. It'll all be all right,” she said, hanging up abruptly. Rescue, I felt sure, was on its way.
The next morning, Madhu had been replaced by an orderly. He accompanied me to the washroom, and when I stood up to go for a walk, he quickly locked the door of my room. My mind, which until only a few days ago, was a flood of thought and colour, had now turned lumbering and bleak. Lying in bed, I tried to make sense of my confinement. I was being administered medicines around the clock. I was apparently ill, but strangely, this hospital had no visiting hours. No worried family and friends had flocked to my side. I knew I hadn't been quarantined, and I soon grew certain I was being punished. Later that day, a portly and bespectacled doctor entered my room and introduced himself as my psychiatrist. “What's wrong with me?” I asked Dr Aakash Joshi, sitting up, hopeful, alert. “You are bipolar,” he said, “but that's good news because you'll win a Nobel Prize.”
Smoothing his silver hair with his fingers, pulling up a chair, Dr Joshi rattled off a list of names, as if reading from a roll of honour. “Vincent van Gogh, Winston Churchill, Emily Dickinson, Sylvia Plath, Leo Tolstoy, Ernest Hemingway, Virginia Woolf, they were all bipolar, all manic-depressives.” Rolling the words ‘bipolar', ‘manic' and ‘depressive' in my mind, I did not have the foresight to ask the doctor questions that would later come to confound me. “For every bipolar genius, aren't there hundreds more who suffer a crippling paralysis? Didn't Virginia Woolf and Vincent van Gogh prosper only because they had never been diagnosed, because they had never been medicated? Doesn't the mind need a modicum of turbulence to thrive?”
In that moment, though, my concerns were more fundamental. “What does ‘bipolar' mean?” I asked. “It means you have a chemical imbalance in your brain, and this imbalance causes your moods to swing wildly from time to time. But there are a number of medicines that can manage this mood disorder. You're already on some of them.” Dr Joshi had already started checking his watch. “But these medicines make me so groggy. I want to sleep all the time,” I complained. “You've been up for a very long time. It is time you got some rest.”
Dr Joshi had little patience for my silence. Seeing him stand to leave, I said with some desperation, “I know I have alienated my parents, but I would really like to see them now.” The psychiatrist held my hand in his. “They're not going anywhere. Let's get you all right first, and then there will be plenty of time for you to see them.” I held on tightly to his palm. “And when will I be fine, doctor? When will I be cured?”
There was hardly any comfort in Dr Joshi's smile. “Bipolarity is not a disease, it is a condition. We can't cure it, but you can manage it. You'll have a normal life. I can promise you that.” I was disconsolate. “When will I get out of here?” Dr Joshi removed his hand from my clutch. “It's only been a day. You have to learn to be more patient. I'll be back tomorrow.”
I had one last question to ask. “Where's Madhu?” Dr Joshi frowned. “He doesn't work here any more.”
I lay pinned to my mattress for the next forty-eight hours, and as I continued staring at the cracks in the ceiling, my back began to hurt as much as my head. Though Dr Joshi had not employed the word, it didn't take long for me to think of myself as ‘mad'. My madness, however, I consoled myself, defied stereotype. I had never spoken to myself. I'd only called friends in the middle of the night, hoping someone would listen. In the six weeks of my ‘mania', I had never once been violent. I'd only wanted to be the life of the party, and it was this extraversion, extravagant and exceptional, which had made the bluster of my mind conspicuous. My crime was not my grandiosity. My error was I'd foolishly let my swagger show.
Having taken over from Madhu, the chubby Sister Rita soon brought to my room an affection that was decidedly maternal. She settled my pillows every few minutes, and insisted that I drink water—“With the number of medicines you're taking, you need plenty of liquids to flush them out.” The few times I woke up in a sweat, I found her holding my hand. “It was just a bad dream. It happens,” she would say. Caressing her rosary, she would sit in her corner and pray for me. “I'm making sure that you have Mother Mary's blessings. I want you to have her protection.”
The Colaba hospital, I realized, was a popular destination for medical tourists from the Middle East. Taking me for little walks, Rita would leave me sitting by a window, a few inches away from burqa-clad Saudi women. When one of them glowered at my boxer shorts, Rita snapped, “He's my son. He'll wear what he likes.”
Rita began to make sure that the television in my room was left on almost throughout the day. “If you just lie there, you'll think of all the things you shouldn't,” she said.
Perhaps in an effort to limit the sources of my stimulation, hospital authorities had given me access to just three channels. I grew bored of Discovery documentaries. Hindi news programmes proved too shrill, and I had quickly memorized the lyrics of the few songs a music network played on loop. On one of his few visits, Dr Joshi said he had devised a solution for my weariness. “You like foreign movies, right? You're in luck. I have a little pack of these DVDs at home. We'll get a player installed in your room tonight.”
I was ecstatic. In less than a day, I had devoured Wong Kar-wai's Happy Together, the 2002 Turkish film Uzak and Federico Fellini's 8 1/2.
The next day, Dr Joshi came to see me a little after ten at night. “I have a lot of time on my hands,” he said. Together, we reviewed the films I had been watching. “You seem to be doing much better,” he said, with a smile.
“It's nice to have done something normal after so long,” I said, relishing the buoyancy I had come to suddenly feel. “But I'm not normal, right?”
I had become familiar with Dr Joshi's frown. “That's precisely the mindset we want you to avoid. Besides, normal is such a subjective word. My normal would be very different from yours.”
Excerpted from How To Travel Light: My Memories Of Madness And Melancholia, with permission from Penguin Random House.
BANGOR, Maine — Isaiah White scored a career-high 23 points with five 3-pointers and made a game-saving block, Andre Fleming added 16 points for his 25th career game scoring in double figures, and Maine held off Binghamton 81-79 in overtime on Saturday to end a two-game skid.
Aaron Calixte scored 11 points for Maine (6-19, 3-7 America East), which led 30-28 at halftime and by as many as 10 in the second half until Thomas Bruce's tip-in tied it at 69 with eight seconds left in regulation.
Calixte's layup off a Binghamton turnover made it 76-72 in OT and Ilker Er hit 1 of 2 from the line for a 77-72 Maine lead with 1:25 left after Binghamton missed 6 of 7 from 3. The Bearcats closed to 81-79 on J.C. Show's free throw with 10 seconds to go. Fard Muhammad missed a 3 with seven seconds left and got it back, but White blocked his shot at the buzzer to seal it for Maine.
Show scored 20 points, Bruce had 18 with 13 rebounds and Muhammad 17 points with five 3s for Binghamton (10-15, 1-9), which has lost five straight.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The EFL Championship is one of the most tightly contested leagues in the world. But does spending guarantee success?
The three teams who dropped down from the Premier League last season are all in the top six teams whose squad costs the most. But only, one of those sides has a chance of returning to the top flight.
Middlesbrough currently sit in five spot and have a squad cost of £62.7million. Boro made two of the five most expensive Championship transfers this season but despite having the joint second highest squad cost they haven't run away with the league.
The other two relegated sides make it even more apparent that money doesn't guarantee results. Hull City are currently 18th and Sunderland 24th, both have had seasons to regret despite have squad costs of £62.7m and £40.6m respectively. Sunderland are set to be relegated to League One despite having the sixth most expensive team.
High flyers Cardiff and Millwall are defying the odds with both teams experiencing fantastic seasons despite limited budgets.
The Bluebirds are currently second and are going toe to toe with Fulham for the title.
Millwall's performance is even more extraordinary. The Lions have the second lowest squad cost in the Championship failing to even break into seven figures (£800,000), yet they're now sixth.
Bristol City can consider themselves over achievers as well with the Robins having only the 13th most expensive squad, yet they've been holding their own against the teams at the top of the table all season.
Below you will find a list of the Championship teams in order of squad cost from highest to lowest.
Aston Villa
Squad Cost: £67.8m
League Position: 4
2017/18 record signing: Glenn Whelan from Stoke City for £2m
Hull City
Squad Cost: £62.7m
League Position: 18
2017/18 record signing: Eight players for undisclosed fees
Middlesbrough
Squad Cost: £62.7m
League Position: 6
2017/18 record signing: Britt Assombalonga from Nottingham Forest for £15m
Wolves
Squad Cost: £41.1m
League Position: 1
2017/18 record signing: Ruben Neves from Porto for £15.8m
Verdict on Championship promotion race as Wolves, Cardiff, Fulham, Aston Villa, Derby County, Middlesbrough and Bristol City aim for Premier League
Derby County
Squad Cost: £41.1m
League Position: 5
2017/18 record signing: Tom Lawrence from Leicester City for £4.95m
Sunderland
Squad Cost: £40.6m
League Position: 23
2017/18 record signing: James Vaughan from Bury and Jason Steele from Blackburn Rovers for £500k
Fulham
Squad Cost: £37.4m
League Position: 3
2017/18 record signing: Rui Fonte from Braga for £8.3m
Norwich City
Squad Cost: £36.8m
League Position: 14
2017/18 record signing: 11 players for undisclosed fees
Sheffield Wednesday
Squad Cost: £35.5m
League Position: 16
2017/18 record signing: Jordan Rhodes from Middlesbrough for £10m
(Image: Gareth Copley/Getty Images)
Leeds United
Squad Cost: £29.9m
League Position: 13
2017/18 record signing: Adam Forshaw from Middlesbrough for £4.5m
QPR
Squad Cost: £26.1m
League Position: 15
2017/18 record signing: Three players for undisclosed fees
Reading
Squad Cost: £23m
League Position: 19
2017/18 record signing: Sone Aluko from Fulham for £7.2m
Bristol City
Squad Cost: £19.5m
League Position: 7
2017/18 record signing: Famara Diédhiou from Angers for £5.3m
Birmingham City
Squad Cost: £19.2m
League Position: 21
2017/18 record signing: Six players for undisclosed fees
Cardiff City
Squad Cost: £18.6m
League Position: 2
2017/18 record signing: Gary Madine from Bolton Wanderers for £6m
Brentford
Squad Cost: £16.4m
League Position: 11
2017/18 record signing: Nine players for undisclosed fees
Nottingham Forest
Squad Cost: £7m
League Position: 17
2017/18 record signing: Six players for undisclosed fees
Barnsley
Squad Cost: £6m
League Position: 22
2017/18 record signing: Cameron McGeehan from Luton Town for £990k
Sheffield United
Squad Cost: £5.9m
League Position: 9
2017/18 record signing: Richard Stearman from Fulham for £961k
Ipswich Town
Squad Cost: £4.2m
League Position: 12
2017/18 record signing: Five players for undisclosed fees
(Image: Paul Roberts/JMP)
Bolton Wanderers
Squad Cost: £2.5m
League Position: 20
2017/18 record signing: Aaron Wilbraham from Bristol City and Craig Noone for undisclosed fees
Preston North End
Squad Cost: £2.1m
League Position: 10
2017/18 record signing: Declan Rudd from Norwich City for £966k
Millwall
Squad Cost: £800,000
League Position: 8
2017/18 record signing: Four players for undisclosed fees
Burton Albion
Squad Cost: £500,000
League Position: 24
2017/18 record signing: Three players for undisclosed fees
Figures from the Daily Mail.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Premier League came back with a bang this weekend.
Champions Chelsea were shocked, Romelu Lukaku rocked and Huddersfield's name was put up in lights.
Liverpool looked spectacular going forward, with Sadio Mane's goal in particular a highlight of the opening fixtures, but their defence once again let them down as they drew with Watford.
Arsenal and Leicester had set the tone when they played out a seven-goal thriller on Friday night and the games that followed did not disappoint.
Here are 10 talking points from the weekend's action...
1. Poacher Lacazette shows promise on Prem debut
(Image: Rex Features)
One thing that Arsenal certainly needed was a poacher. They've got one.
It took Alexandre Lacazette just 94 seconds to open his Arsenal Premier League account, expertly heading home from 12 yards out from Mohamed Elneny's cross.
The Frenchman was cute enough to realise Wes Morgan was edging forward and held his ground, giving himself a yard of space to guide the ball into the corner of the goal.
That mentality inside of the box could be key for Arsenal this season.
2. Chalobah has bright season ahead
(Image: REUTERS)
Nathaniel Chalobah resisted staying for another season with Chelsea in favour of first team football under Marco Silva.
The England under-21 international kept it nice and tidy and looks to have found a promising partner to anchor the Hornets' midfield with Abdoulay Doucoure.
Liverpool's trio were matched for large spells and with Gareth Southgate a known admirer and Silva set to integrate more attacking quality in the weeks ahead—Troy Deeney, Andre Gray and Richarlison—Chalobah can prosper in yellow and prove himself as a candidate for next year's World Cup squad.
3. Liverpool still can't defend
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Jurgen Klopp continues to overlook his side's most glaring issue: they cannot defend and while Virgil van Dijk would help, it's an issue best solved by coaching, which appears to be beyond the German.
Zonal marking at corners can work, but why is Roberto Firmino installed in the most dangerous area? The Brazilian failed to anticipate Stefano Okaka, perhaps Watford's biggest weapon at set-pieces, who powered home the opener from Jose Holebas' beautifully-delivered corner.
More confusion occurred in stoppage time as Richarlison was allowed to drive at goal and nobody picked up Miguel Britos on the goal line who equalised late on.
It's an area that needs addressing urgently and while help can be acquired in the market, Klopp must dedicate more time to it on the training ground if the Reds are to make top four again.
4. Lukaku doesn't disappoint on league debut
(Image: Getty)
Last season Zlatan Ibrahimovic took almost all the goal burden and it looks like Lukaku will be dragging United along this time.
Martial and Pogba hinted the pressure might not all be piled on the big frontman this year but even if it is, Lukaku appears to be able to carry the load.
The Belgian looked quiet in the early stages, looking a little laboured as he prowled the edge of the box.
But his strikes, his 10th and 11th in 11 appearances against the hapless Hammers livened him up.
Lukaku has been uncaged from Everton's mid-table malaise to become a global superstar.
But for £75m you expect a big return and he looks set to pay his dues.
5. Little Pea, big expectations
(Image: PA)
West Ham's lack of depth piles on the pressure on Javier Hernandez up front - with little to back him up off the bench or from midfield.
The former United frontman will need to start a goal run soon to put worries at ease of a struggling season, with the fitness of Andy Carroll always in question and Diafra Sakho not up to it.
The Mexican barely had a sniff in this one but produced a couple of nice touches standing off the defence.
He is at his best as a goal hanging type, just pouncing on balls in the box, he does need some decent service though.
6. Ruthless Burnley prove everyone wrong
(Image: AFP/Getty)
After losing Michael Keane and Andre Gray - arguably their best two players last season - Burnley had looked to have the odds stacked against them.
But there seems to be no issues with confidence as they came out and took the game to Chelsea right from the off.
Quick breaks and determined from set pieces, Burnley were nothing short of brilliant as they stunned champions, becoming the first team ever to go three goals up at Stamford Bridge in the Premier League.
Maybe the way to defeat this Chelsea team is just to attack?
7. Morata gives Chelsea hope
(Image: Reuters)
With an hour to play and three goals down, Alvaro Morata was brought on for his Premier League debut.
The Spanish international's introduction was in place of his direct strike rival, Michy Batshuayi, leaving Chelsea with just one out-and-out striker on the pitch.
It appeared a surprising lack of ambition from Antonio Conte, who appeared to go for damage limitation as oppose to trying to get his side back in the game.
But Morata's enthusiasm proved to have the big impact on the Chelsea team that Conte had hoped.
He got himself a Premier League debut goal and gave his side hope - even if the game was just out of reach.
8. Walker looks right at home
(Image: Manchester City FC)
Manchester City have tripled Kyle Walker's wages after his big-money move from Tottenham, but already he looks good value.
City's fullbacks last season simply couldn't do the job Pep Guardiola required, and he has majorly overhauled his squad in that department.
Walker, used to playing as a wing-back at Spurs, already looks instantly at home.
The England man bombs up and down the right flank, overing width and power running, but has also matured to the extent that he knows precisely when he needs to get back round to cover.
A solid debut.
9. Sissoko's future looks bleak
(Image: Stu Forster)
Moussa Sissoko was frequently booed by the St James' Park crowd and found it difficult to fit in to Spurs' build-up play.
Unsettled, perhaps, the club's record signing gave it away needlessly and was caught on his heels when not in possession with his team-mates urging him to push into space to create openings.
Even in transition, where he should be at his best and a situation which may transpire less with Spurs due to their dominance in possession, moves broke down through Sissoko, as he dwindled on the ball for too long.
Substituted before the hour mark, with Son Heung-min returning from injury, Sissoko failed to grasp a golden opportunity to ignite his Spurs career.
10. Once a Blue...
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
It might have been 4,869 days since Wayne Rooney last scored for Everton, but it looked as if England's record goalscorer had never been away.
'Once a blue, always a blue' the teenage Rooney had told Everton fans before heading off for fame and fortune at Manchester United.
Thirteen years on from leaving his boyhood club, Rooney was back scoring at Goodison Park - his intelligent run into the box and powerful header against Stoke a reminder of times when defenders feared him.
He also celebrated in a fashion that it meant more to him than any of the 253 goals he scored for United.
It would be churlish to suggest Rooney is the irresistible force of old, but he clearly remains capable of having an impact on Premier League games.
Residents in Pateley Bridge have been left ecstatic following news of the town's listing in the Sunday Times' Best Places to Live Guide for 2018.
For the second consecutive year the town has received the award, with recognition for it's thriving High Street and draw of the Nidderdale AONB in this weekend's edition of the national paper.
While these factors are important the community of Pateley Bridge has given itself a strong foundation to possibly earn greater accolades in future listings, says Chairman of the Nidderdale Chamber of Trade, Keith Tordoff.
He said: “I am simply ecstatic because it is the second year in a row Pateley Bridge has been listed, many from last year's were not featured.
“We would have been pleased to see us come first for overall in the north but this is an excellent result.”
He added:“It is our community which makes us so strong, we have a good foundation to work from. People come to the area and continue to add to this, whether that is caraveners coming over for the summer, going to our churches or attending events, everyone is always contributing.
“It is why people want to come and live here, for that community, independent businesses and not massive chains, facilities like our bus service, excellent schools and churches that all work together.”
It is a sentiment shared by the Mayor of Pateley Bridge, Chris Hawksworth, who highlighted the efforts of the town's volunteers in earning it's place in the listing.
He said: “ I think the reason we have done so well is because everyone pulls together, and that is partly due to all of our volunteer groups. The museum was only just recognised last year with the Queen's Award Award for their work.
“It is things like this are indicative of the innovative stuff that everyone has been doing here.”
He added: “Everyone knows everyone here, it is a manageable size, while York has the added advantage of improving train links , we are within the tide of Leeds and Bradford but also have the Nidderdale AONB. “
The town has not rested on its laurels since last year, Mr Tordoff added, pointing to the silver gilt Pateley Bridge won in the Yorkshire in Bloom competition and the launch of a Community Heroes Award.
Alongside this the return of 1940s Weekend will see a particularly special display of community spirit, with three churches coming together for the marriage of Nidderdale residents, Chris Stark, 81, and Olive Moyses.
The ceremony will take place at Pateley Bridge Methodist Church, with Reverend Mike Poole conducting the ceremony with assistance from Reverand Darryl Hall of St Cuthbert's Church and Father Michael Walsh of Our Lady Immaculate Roman Catholic Church.
He said: “This is why people keep on coming back, 12 months on they are asking what we have done and we can say we have entered a competition like Yorkshire in Bloom, and our churches are working together like this.”
Truckers Line Up Under Bridge To Save Man Threatening Suicide
A group of truck-driving good Samaritans answered a call to help save a man threatening to commit suicide by jumping off a freeway overpass on Tuesday.
Michigan State Police and local officials rounded up a group of 13 semitruck drivers to form a line below a bridge over a Detroit freeway — Interstate 696 — to significantly shorten the fall of the unnamed man if he had leaped.
He was first reported standing on the edge of the bridge above oncoming traffic just before 1 a.m., Lt. Mike Shaw, a Michigan State Police spokesman, told NPR.
Officers responded by closing down traffic across all six lanes heading in both directions.
"It's the first step in potential jumper situations," Shaw said, explaining that it helps calm down suicidal people, keeps cars driving below from crashing into each other and eliminates the possibility of anyone encouraging an unstable person to jump.
Next, troopers began sending semitruck drivers on a detour that re-routed them to end up below the overpass.
According to Shaw, that is standard protocol.
"It provides a safety net for the person in case they happen to lose their grip and fall or if they decide to jump," Shaw said. "With the trucks lined up underneath they're only falling about five to six feet as opposed 15 or 16."
After about two hours of engaging with officials the distressed man willingly backed off the edge and is receiving help, Shaw said.
"He was looking to take his own life but we were able to talk to him and find out what his specific trigger was and helped correct it," Shaw said.
In all, the ordeal lasted about three hours.
State police authorities posted a photo of the "truck wall" on Twitter using it as an opportunity to remind the public of help available 24 hours a day to anyone thinking about suicide.
"In that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take his own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255," it read.
