On Friday morning, American standup comedian Ralph O. “Ralphie” May died of cardiac arrest in Las Vegas, PEOPLE confirms. He was 45.
“Ralphie had been battling pneumonia and had cancelled a handful of dates over the last month in an effort to recover,” May's manager said in a statement. “Earlier this morning at a private residence in Las Vegas his body was discovered, cause of death is cardiac arrest.
“Two days ago he won the Casino Comedian of the Year at the Global Gaming Expo and had performances throughout the remainder of 2017 as part of his residency at Harrah's Las Vegas,” his manager said.
In 2003, May competed in the first season of Last Comic Standing, finishing in second place. The comedian went on to record multiple comedy specials for Comedy Central and Netflix, including The Girl of a Nation.
His death was mourned by fellow comedians including Larry the Cable Guy and Gabriel Iglesias.
“Oh man fellow comedian and my friend Ralphie May just died. So crazy,” wrote Larry the Cable Guy on Twitter on Friday. “RIP Ralphie. You my friend were one of the nicest and kindest out there.”
“I'm at a loss for words to hear about the passing of comedian Ralphie May,” added Iglesias. “He was a friend to many and a father of 2 beautiful children.”
Oh man fellow comedian and friend Ralphie May just died. So crazy. RIP Ralphie. You my friend were one of the nicest and kindest out there. — Larry The Cable Guy (@GitRDoneLarry) October 6, 2017
Ralphie May RIP funny man. We shared good talks & good laughs . See you on the other side kid — Jim Breuer (@JimBreuer) October 6, 2017
Whoa… man.. this sucks. Ralphie was a good guy & a very funny person. Condolences to his family & fans. https://t.co/M9s6bneAeA — Dane Cook (@DaneCook) October 6, 2017
I'm at a loss for words to hear about the passing of comedian Ralfie May. He was a friend to many and a father of 2 beautiful children. RIP😞 pic.twitter.com/nGsq63xN0c — Gabriel Iglesias (@fluffyguy) October 6, 2017
In 2015, May and his wife, comedian Lahna Turner, filed for divorce. The couple had two children, April June and August.
[India], Feb. 03 (ANI): Hyderabad Police on Saturday busted a cricket betting racket and arrested two people in connection with the same.
The two alleged racketeers have been identified as Rajesh Singh and Lal Chand Agarwal. Rs.2 lakh, one television, one laptop and seven cell phones have also been recovered from their possession.
An investigation into the matter has been initiated. (ANI)
Test Pilot Cocktails opens in the Funk Zone, Stabiles opens a brick-and-mortar location, and Eat This, Shoot That! offering new Santa Barbara tour
BizHawk is published weekly, and includes items of interest to the business community. Share your business news, including employee announcements and personnel moves, by emailing [email protected]
Despite all there is to do in a college community, Tyler Peterson and Noah Pompan constantly found themselves and their peers wondering, “What's going on right now?”
Their cure to an evening stuck on the couch is BOOM, an app they developed that allows students to share real-time videos and photos of, well, whatever they're doing.
The app is in a private beta stage with about 45 to 50 students, and they're preparing for a wider launch later this month at UC Santa Barbara as well as debuts on Google Play and Apple's app store.
The two friends came up with the idea over dinner back in January.
The app is “really encompassing that whole virtual hub of college life — whether that be a party or a bar or a lecture from a political figure” said Peterson, who attends UCSB.
BOOM won $10,000 and made connections to industry mentors after winning an Entrepreneurial Fellowship at Pompan's Gettysburg College in Pennsylvania.
Over this past summer, the two worked with Venice, Calif.-based startup accelerator Studio Eighteen on full-scale product development, pitching their idea and networking.
“Another big thing that we did throughout the summer was really build out our brand and get people to be early adopters,” Peterson said.
Something they thought they could get a few friends to join in on has turned into nearly 30 colleges now having BOOM marketing representatives, he said.
Though BOOM is being promoted as college kids solving a college-student problem, “there's huge scalability,” Peterson said.
“This problem of ‘What's going on right now?' is not at all unique to college campuses,” he said.
“If you're a 20-something in an urban environment — in Boston, LA, or, hell, even Santa Barbara — there's that problem of being in a new city or you're just moving or getting into your adult life and trying to figure out, ‘OK, which bars am I going to go to? Is there a concert going on? Which restaurants are crowded?'”
Test Pilot Cocktails opens in Santa Barbara's Funk Zone
Test Pilot, a tiki-themed cocktail bar, has opened at 211 Helena Ave. in Santa Barbara.
The Funk Zone establishment took over the site of the former Reds Bin 211, and is preparing to launch a full menu in the coming weeks. Its soft opening was Sept. 3.
Test Pilot comes from Brandon and Misty Ristaino, the owners of the Good Lion, a cocktail bar at 1212 State St.
“Tiki-inspired, Caribbean-inspired cocktails are something I love,” Brandon Ristaino said.
“We weren't really prepared to open a second spot; my wife and I were very content with the Good Lion,” he said. “Some series of events happened where we got access to the right kind of liquor license for what we do, and the Reds property came up around the same time. And it was a property we loved.”
Test Pilot is “more democratic with the use of spirits” than most tiki bars, which focus heavily on rum, Ristaino said, and much of the sugar is stripped from its drinks.
The establishment's atmosphere is inspired, he said, by its proximity to the ocean, to beach venues and to the Channel Islands, “which had some really interesting rum and whiskey smuggling things going on during Prohibition.”
Stabile opens a brick-and-mortar location
Stabiles, a Santa Barbara artisanal home-décor business, has opened a brick-and-mortar location to go along with its mobile store.
The new digs, known as “Stabiles HQ,” are at 127 W. Canon Perdido St., Suite C, behind Eco Friendly Cleaners.
The man behind the business and many of its products is local artist and designer Sam Guzmán.
Stabile's plant-care items, candles, cutting boards, blown glass, alpaca throws and multitude of other home-décor items are ideal for practical, functional gifting, Guzmán said, whether it's for a house warming or, soon, corporate gifting.
“The idea is to provide the public with products they're really going to give,” he said.
Stabiles also brings in select products from artisans in other countries who have sustainable, socially responsible relationships with their communities, Guzmán said, as well as artisans who haven't received much exposure.
The carefully curated products, he said, are “high-quality goods made in small quantities.”
The mobile side of the business, now almost three years old, sets up shop at various downtown spots throughout the week, and the new location is entering a soft opening stage.
Stabiles HQ is also kicking off a do-it-yourself class on Saturdays starting Oct. 22. People interested in attending can RSVP at [email protected] or through the business' social media.
Eat This, Shoot That! offering new Santa Barbara tour
Santa Barbara tour business Eat This, Shoot That! has introduced a new tour of the Funk Zone.
The Funk Zone Food and Photo Tour takes participants through eight establishments over a three-hour walking route.
Participants eat, drink, learn local history and learn how to take food photos with either a camera or phone. Eat This, Shoot That! also has an El Paseo Wine and Photo Tour in the city's Presidio neighborhood.
Tara Jones, who started the business four-and-a-half years ago, said the revamped Funk Zone route is the business' flagship tour. As the neighborhood has grown and developed, she said, the tour was altered to incorporate new establishments, a few of which have only recently opened.
The year-round Funk Zone tours are Thursdays through Saturdays and can be booked online.
The tour stops by Enterprise Fish Co., American Ale, Lucky Penny, Figueroa Mountain Brewing Co., Cutler's Artisan Spirits, Santa Barbara Wine Collective, Helena Avenue Bakery and Mony's Mexican Food.​
— Noozhawk staff writer Sam Goldman can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
VOL. 42 | NO. 21 | Friday, May 25, 2018
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May, according to a survey, a solid total but below the average monthly gains accumulated over the winter.
Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that hiring was strong in construction, education and health care, and professional and business services, which includes accounting, engineering and legal services. Retailers cut jobs.
The figures suggest companies continue to hire at a healthy pace but may be pulling back as the number of people who can't find jobs dwindles, making it harder to find new employees. From November through March, monthly job gains averaged well over 200,000.
The report arrives two days before the government releases the official monthly employment figures. Economists forecast that Friday's jobs report will show employers added 190,000 jobs, according to a survey by data provider FactSet.
ADP compiles hiring data from millions of companies that are clients of its payroll services. Its figures frequently diverge from the government's report. For example, last month ADP said 204,000 jobs were added in April, but the Labor Department's report said the total was 164,000.
On Wednesday, ADP revised April's figure significantly lower, to 163,000, very close to the government's estimate.
Companies of all sizes hired more last month, ADP said. Large businesses with 500 and more employees added 56,000 jobs, while medium-sized companies gained 84,000 and small companies, 38,000.
The solid increase in hiring by large firms, which typically do business globally, suggests that the ongoing trade disputes between the United States and China, Mexico and Canada have yet to impact hiring.
April 28 Schweizer Electronic AG:
* Dividend stable at 0.65 euro
* Expect a slightly better year end result in 2017, striving for an EBITDA margin of again 8 to 9 percent of total turnover
* FY earnings after taxes 0.6 million euros versus 1.5 million euros ($1.63 million) year ago Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9204 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
PARIS — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; he won the point the first time, but not the other.
"I would never try it if I was feeling 100 per cent and stuff," said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in his legs. "But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, 'You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' He obviously wasn't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point."
Donaldson said he has never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. He did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; he remains the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging his shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
"It was beautiful, right?" Dimitrov said. "He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard."
Before his first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. He hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
Hollywood has issued dire predictions and hysterical warnings about Donald Trump ever since the Republican businessman first announced his candidacy for the presidency in June 2015.
But the level of vitriol and violent rhetoric against now-President Trump has increased substantially in recent weeks, from comedian Kathy Griffin's now-famous shock “beheading” photograph to Shakespeare in the Park's not-at-all-subtle “assassination” of Trump on a stage in New York City's Central Park.
Unfortunately, Griffin and the director of Julius Caesar are not anomalies in Hollywood; actors, writers, directors, and other celebrities have fantasized about using violence against Trump, his supporters, and other GOP lawmakers for at least the past 18 months.
Below are 15 examples of celebrities who have used pointed, violent rhetoric to attack the president and other Republicans.
1. Kathy Griffin ‘Beheads' Trump in Graphic Photo
The 56-year-old My Life on the D-List star sparked a firestorm (and a U.S. Secret Service investigation) when she was photographed holding the fake, bloodied, decapitated head of the president in an image that critics said was reminiscent of Islamic State propaganda.
Griffin was fired from her job on CNN's New Year's Eve broadcasts and saw the cancellation of at least five of her scheduled performances, but remained defiant in an emotional press conference, blaming the backlash on sexism and vowing to continue to “make fun” of the president.
2. Madonna – “I've thought a lot about blowing up the White House.”
The pop singer became heated during the anti-Trump Women's March on Washington in January, where she addressed an audience of thousands.
“Yes, I'm angry. Yes, I'm outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House, but I know that this won't change anything,” she told the crowd to roaring applause.
“Are you ready to shake up the world?” Madonna asked. “Welcome to the revolution of love, to the rebellion, to our refusal as women to accept this new age of tyranny, where not just women are in danger but all regionalized people. Where being uniquely different, right now, might truly be considered a crime.”
The singer later said her remarks were taken out of context.
3. Snoop Dogg “Shoots” Trump in the Head in Music Video
The California rapper pointed a gun at the president (dressed to look like a circus clown) and pulled the trigger in a music video for his song “Lavender” earlier this year — though the gun is shown to be a prop gun, with a “Bang!” flag popping out of the barrel.
Still, the imagery was unmistakable.
“I feel like it's a lot of people making cool records, having fun, partying, but nobody's dealing with the real issue with this f*cking clown as president, and the sh*t that we're dealing with out here, so I wanted to take time out to push pause on a party record and make one of these records for the time being,” the rapper told Billboard.
4. Robert De Niro: “I'd Like to Punch Him in the Face”
The Oscar-winning actor participated in a voter registration PSA during the 2016 presidential race, but was filmed going off on Trump in a monologue during an outtake.
“He's a punk, he's a dog, he's a pig, he's a con, he's a bullsh*t artist, a mutt who doesn't know what he's talking about, doesn't do his homework, doesn't care, thinks he's gaming society, doesn't pay his taxes,” the 73-year-old Godfather star said in the clip.
“He's an embarrassment to this country,” he added. “He talks [about] how he wants to punch people in the face… I'd like to punch him in the face.”
5. Joss Whedon: “I Want a Rhino to F*ck Paul Ryan to Death”
The 52-year-old Avengers director — who released a star-studded PSA in support of Hillary Clinton during the 2016 race — took to Twitter in January to wish an untimely and unfortunate end to House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI).
“Violence solves nothing. I want a rhino to f*ck @SpeakerRyan to death with its horn because it's FUNNY, not because he's a #GOPmurderbro,” Whedon tweeted.
Shortly after the November 8 election, the director tweeted that Trump “CANNOT be allowed a term in office.”
6. Shakespeare in the Park Stabs ‘Trump' to Death in Performance of ‘Julius Caesar'
New York City's Public Theater staged a production of Julius Caesar during its 2017 summer program, but with a twist on the classic play — Caesar looked just like Donald Trump, with a business suit and tie and a familiar blond hair-do. As happens in the play, the Trump-like Caesar is eventually brutally stabbed to death by his associates in the Senate.
The character's similarity to Trump sparked outrage, and sponsors Bank of America and Delta Air Lines pulled their funding from the theater. The theater stood by the production.
7. David Simon: “Pick Up a G*ddamn Brick” if Trump Fires Robert Mueller
The creator of the HBO crime drama The Wire reacted to rumors that the president had considered firing the special counsel appointed to oversee the Russia investigation, Robert Mueller, by suggesting that Americans “pick up a goddamn brick” if the president followed through.
“If Donald Trump fires Robert Mueller and is allowed to do so, pick up a goddamn brick. That's all that's left to you,” Simon tweeted June 12.
The writer-producer later denied his tweet was an incitement to violence.
8. Mickey Rourke Threatens to Beat Trump with Baseball Bat: “He Can Suck My F*cking D*ck”
The Wrestler actor went on a profanity-filled tirade against Trump in April 2016, when he had not yet won the Republican nomination for president.
“Donald Trump can go f*ck himself,” Rourke told TMZ. “His wife said, ‘Oh, he's a tough guy.' He's not a tough guy, he's a bully and a b*tch and he can suck my f*cking d*ck. I'll meet him in a hotel room any motherf*cking day of the week and give him a Louisville slugger. Kiss my motherf*cking ass you b*tch punk c***sucker.”
9. Actress Lea DeLaria Threatens to ‘Take Out' Republicans and Independents with Baseball Bat after Trump Win
Just a couple days after the November election, the Orange is the New Black star responded to a meme about dealing with violence through music by adding her own suggestion.
“[O]r pick up a baseball bat and take out every f*cking republican and independent I see,” DeLaria wrote, adding the hashtags “#f*cktrump,” “#f*cktheGOP,” #f*ckstraightwhiteamerica” and “#f*ckyourprivilege.”
Some of the cast of the hit Netflix show had previously appeared in a campaign ad for Hillary Clinton.
10. Rapper YG Threatens Trump with “F*ck Donald Trump” Song
Rappers YG and Nipsy Hussle released a song during the 2016 presidential campaign called “F*ck Donald Trump,” with lyrics that contained several threats toward the then-candidate.
“I like white folks, but I don't like you/All the n*ggas in the hood wanna fight you/Surprised El Chapo ain't tried to snipe you/Surprised the Nation of Islam ain't tried to find you/Have a rally out in L.A., we gon' f*ck it up,” YG raps in the song.
“You vote Trump then you're prolly on dope/And if your ass do win, you gon' prolly get smoked,” adds Hussle.
YG later complained that his record label had been contacted by the Secret Service.
11. Marilyn Manson Kills ‘Trump' in Music Video
In a music video for his song “Say10″ released right around Election Day, the shock rocker stands over the lifeless body of a man resembling Donald Trump while ripping pages out of a Bible.
In a flash, a man wearing a suit and a red tie — a not-so-subtle allusion to Trump — is seen decapitated on the ground in a pool of blood.
“It's about the desperate acts of people who believe something that is preached by an unbeliever,” Manson told the Daily Beast of the explicit visuals in the video.
12. Rapper Everlast Warns Trump: “I Will Punch You in Your F*cking Face”
The rapper and former House of Pain frontman went off on Trump in an interview with Billboard in April 2016.
“F*ck that dude. I'll smack that f*cker's comb-over right off his f*cking scalp,” he said. “Like, for real, if I met Donald Trump, I'd punch him in his f*cking face. And that's not a joke. Even if he did become president — watch out, Donald Trump, because I will punch you in your f*cking face if I ever meet you. Secret Service had better just f*cking be on it. Don't let me anywhere within a block. This is horrible.”
13. Larry Wilmore Jokes About Suffocating Trump with ‘Pillow They Used to Kill Scalia'
Former late-night host and Daily Show contributor Larry Wilmore joked about suffocating Trump during a segment on his Comedy Central show The Nightly Show.
“Anyway, since we're talking about bigotry, we have to mention Donald Trump,” Wilmore said. “Sorry everyone, I don't wont to give him any more oxygen. That's not a euphemism by the way; I mean it literally. Somebody get me the pillow they used to kill Scalia, and I'll do it. I'll do it!”
Wilmore then proceeded to demonstrate what suffocating Trump to death might look like, before adding: “I could get in trouble for that, actually!”
14. Stephen Colbert's Late Show Puts Stephen Miller's Head on a Spike
In February, Colbert's Late Show on CBS featured a segment that depicted Trump aide Stephen Miller being attacked in different scenes from cable TV shows.
The segment included Miller being beaten by The Walking Dead‘s Negan and his spiked bat, and ended with the Trump aide's head superimposed onto a spike in a parody of HBO's Game of Thrones.
Colbert has upped his anti-Trump rhetoric since January, and it has done wonders for his ratings. The late-night host came under fire in May when he said during his show that Trump's mouth is only good for being Vladimir Putin's “c*ck holster.”
15. Sarah Silverman Suggests Military Could Help Overthrow Trump
In a tweet in February, the comedian and vocal leftist activist suggested the U.S. military could join the anti-Trump “resistance” and help overthrow the president.
“WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE. ONCE THE MILITARY IS W US FASCISTS GET OVERTHROWN. MAD KING & HIS HANDLERS GO BYE BYE,” Silverman tweeted.
Silverman, who was one of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' earliest celebrity supporters, previously compared Trump's victory to the Great Depression.
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson
CTV Atlantic
New Brunswick has only seen one significant snowfall this season, but the winter parking ban already has many frustrated in Moncton.
Isabelle LeBlanc, spokesperson for the City of Moncton, says 394 tickets have been issued since Dec. 1. She says the city issued 2,500 warnings about the impending parking ban towards the end of Moncton.
“In 2016 we had issued about 1,600 parking tickets for violations. In 2017 we had just about 2,400 tickets that were issued because of parking restriction infractions,” Leblanc says.
The city experimented with a pilot project last year that allowed overnight parking in the downtown core as long as the weather was fine. That pilot project will continue this year.
Residents say that policy should cover the whole city.
“I think the on-street parking should follow the weather conditions,” says resident Linda Lutes, “this fall being a prime example when there's been no need to have people off the streets.”
There is no on-street parking between 12 a.m. and 7 a.m. from Dec. 1 to March 31 in Dieppe. Moncton follows the same timeframe, but the bylaw is extended to April 15. Riverview also restricts on-street parking during the same hours. Their by-law runs from Dec. 1 to April 1.
In Riverview, 90 residents were issued tickets in the first week of their ban. That comes with a $50 dollar fine. A vehicle could also be towed if it gets in the way of snow removal operations.
“We get a few complaints the first week of December, but after that they tend to taper off,” says Megan Cross of the Town of Riverview.
The City of Dieppe didn't have anyone available to speak to CTV News Monday on the issue, but did say their overnight parking ban is successful. The city says they have not written any parking tickets related to their winter ban, only issuing a few warnings.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Jonathan MacInnis.
April 6 Pepper Group Ltd
* Confirmed that discussions with spanish bank, banco popular to form a 50-50 JV have formally ceased
* As a result, agreements between pepper group and banco popular are no longer legally binding.
* Is committed to its existing consumer finance business in spain and is confident of outlook for that business on a standalone basis
* It was agreed that it was in best interests of both parties not to proceed with joint venture due to a change in strategic priorities
* Terminated joint venture to pursue opportunities in unsecured consumer finance market together Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Sirens which did not recieve the signal to engage during recent test. Map provided by City of Longview.
Sirens which didn't rotate during recent tornado warning. Map provided by City of Longview.
Longview sirens were all functioning during the latest test. Photo by Jamey Boyum KLTV.
The Longview warning sirens were tested again today after being repaired on Friday. In a test last Wednesday, it was found 12 sirens didn't receive signals to activate.
We were with Longview Fire Chief J.P. Steelman as he was monitoring one of the twenty sirens.
The last full test showed 12 sirens were not working correctly. A specialist came on Friday to repair the system, and a silent test was performed, which showed all sirens functional.
Chief Steelman was one of twenty fire and police monitoring each siren.
“If there's any new issues, well, hopefully we'll discover what those are on this test, and that will give us something else to address, but if everything goes fine then we'll be in good shape,” Steelman said.
Moments later, the siren at Montclair and Judson started right up and rotated without a hitch..until three minutes in. It continued sounding but stopped rotating.
“I had one other guy that said his did the same thing,” Steelman revealed.
He was in contact with some of the people monitoring.
“It could definitely cut down on the effective range,” Steelman said.
The chief points out that many sirens overlap, but even the back of the siren was loud. He says at:
“One-hundred feet it's supposed to be audible to 130 decibels. I'm probably closer to 300 feet away from it, and when it pointed completely away from me I was still getting a decibel reading of around 90,” Steelman explained.
Several sirens stopped rotating at the three minute mark, like the one at Cotton and H.G. Moseley.
“There may be some kind of setting issue. We'll have to do some follow up,” Steelman stated.
The sirens sounded for the full five minutes though, and five minutes after that, the sirens sounded again with a steady tone. They were rotating but the sirens shut down at three minutes.
“The goal was to go for five, but again, a setting issue, I believe, had it cut off at three,” the Chief said.
About half of the crew stationed at the sirens reported back to the chief right after the test and confirmed the same problem.
After collecting the data, the city released that all 20 sirens sounded and rotated properly, but a setting in the equipment needs to be changed so the sirens sound and rotate for the full five minutes. There will be another test next Wednesday at noon, weather permitting.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
April 20 Gpro Titanium Industry Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 150 percent to 180 percent, or to be 84.3 million yuan to 94.4 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (33.7 million yuan)
* Comments that increased selling price is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/yz9DO6
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
The majority of white, black, and Hispanic Americans agree that the United States needs stricter enforcement of its immigration laws, a new poll finds.
In the latest Harvard/Harris Poll, 77 percent of white voters, 53 percent of black voters, and 51 percent of Hispanic voters said they believe the U.S. needs to crack down on immigration laws.
Overall, 70 percent of Americans said the U.S. needs stricter immigration enforcement, not looser enforcement as Democrats and the Republican establishment has pushed for.
In recent weeks, Democrats in the House and Senate, along with progressive liberals like Cynthia Nixon in New York and most recently insurgent Democrat candidate for Congress, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, have been demanding the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency — tasked with deporting illegal aliens — be abolished and all immigration enforcement be ended. House Democrats are now crafting legislation that would officially abolish ICE.
Abolishing ICE, as Breitbart News reported, would have allowed more than 1.6 million illegal aliens to have gone free throughout the U.S. in the last five years. Nearly 60 percent of Democrat voters say they do not want ICE abolished, while about 3-in-4 swing voters say the same.
"Nearly 60 percent of Democrats said they do not want ICE to be disbanded. Abolishing the deportation agency would have allowed more than 1.6 million illegal aliens to have gone free throughout the U.S. in the last five years." https://t.co/SIqQRrbIw3 — John Binder 👽 (@JxhnBinder) June 29, 2018
Last month, every Senate Democrat signed onto the “Keep Families Together Act” which would have ended all immigration and border enforcement across the U.S., as Breitbart News reported.
Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR), at the time, called the Senate Democrats' plan “the Child Trafficking Encouragement Act,” saying it would lead to children being “abducted & sold to drug cartels & slave-traders as a free ticket into U.S.”
Likewise, thirteen Republican Senators also demanded that President Trump end all border and immigration enforcement until Congress passed legislation that would ban illegal alien adults arriving at the U.S.-Mexico border from being separated from the children they crossed into the country with.
Breitbart News compiled a list of those Republican Senators.
In the 1960s, Billy R. Cooper joined the U.S. Army even after his stepfather told him the Army was "no place for a black man."
Cooper spent 11 of his 33 years of military service at Fort Sill, and today he is returning to Lawton-Fort Sill to share his military experiences with the community.
Cooper, who rose to the rank of brigadier general, will discuss and sign his autobiography, "The Reluctant General," from 1-2 p.m. at the Lawton Public Library, 110 SW 4th.
Rose Wilson, the library programming coordinator, said the library features authors who have resided in Oklahoma, or in Lawton-Fort Sill specifically.
"I think it's a nice reflection on the city," Wilson said. "We like to spotlight them if they are local."
Cooper not only served at Fort Sill, but he also received a bachelor's degree in education from Cameron University in 1977.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The British government is pledging yet again to stop European Union migrants from claiming benefits after EU officials slapped down the plans last year.
Former Prime Minister David Cameron made the promise a key part of his demands while attempting to renegotiate the terms of Britain's EU membership. However, other EU leaders would only agree to a temporary compromise, forcing Mr Cameron into an embarrassing climb down and helping fuel the Brexit vote.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Now his successor Theresa May is looking at resurrecting the policy and bringing EU migrants in line with migrants from elsewhere in the world.
The Times reports that the government is considering the move along with a series of other decisions over the future of Britain's immigration system after Brexit.
In February last year, government data showed the UK has paid over £1 billion in welfare payments to unemployed EU migrants. Figures showed that in 2013/14 alone, British taxpayers paid £886million for unemployed EU migrants living in the UK, and a further £814 million for EU migrants in work.
Now the government is deciding whether to finally honour David Cameron's pledge of ending these benefits, although they have so far refused to commit.
The report comes as the government continues to give mixed signals over its Brexit strategy. David Davis, the Brexit minister, has hinted he would not like to see business affected by curbs on low-skilled immigration, indicating at various times that Britain could stay in leave the Single Market.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has also called for a “business friendly” Brexit, although it has declined to go into details.
However, Theresa May is determined to appear tough on immigration. In her speech to the Conservative Party conference in October, the Prime Minister said: “We are not leaving the European Union to give up control over immigration again.
“We are leaving to be a fully sovereign and independent country – and that deal is going to have to work for Britain.”
Sanders' calls have come following last week's resignation of Democractic Senator Al Franken, who has been accused of sexual misconduct by several women.
Sen. Bernie Sanders has reiterated his call for US President Donald Trump to leave office over the sexual misbehavior allegations against him.
"Here you have a president who has been accused by many women of assault, who says on a tape that he assaulted women," Sanders told NBC's "Meet the Press" program on Sunday.
The senator noted that Sen. Al Franken resigned after several women accused him of sexual misconduct.
On Thursday, Sanders already suggested that Trump should step down, following in Franken's footsteps.
We have a president who acknowledged on tape that he assaulted women. I would hope that he pays attention to what's going on and think about resigning. — Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) 7 декабря 2017 г.
​Sanders' calls on Sunday echoed similar statements by Sens. Cory Brooker and Jeff Merkley, who have also urged Trump to step down over the allegations.
Before he was elected president, Trump was accused of sexual misconduct by 16 women. Trump has long threatened to sue the women who have made those claims, but he has not yet done so. White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that the White House's official position is that all the women who have accused Trump of sexual misbehavior are lying.
READ MORE: House Democratic Leader: Trump's Election Evoked a Wave of Sex Scandals in US
Al Franken resigned from office on Thursday, a day after a number of his Democratic colleagues called for him to step down following a growing number of allegations of sexual harassment.
© AP Photo/ J. Scott Applewhite Senator Al Franken Announces His Resignation After Sexual Harassment Allegations (VIDEO)
In November, a female journalist publicly accused Franken of groping her when she was asleep. Following this allegation, another woman claimed Franken made unwanted sexual advancements toward her in 2006. More accusers reported allegations of sexual misconduct against Franken over the past several weeks.
Earlier, Rep. John Conyers resigned over similar allegations, but he claimed his departure was due to health issues.
Franken and Conyers have been in the epicenter of sexual allegations that have recently emerged against a number of US politicians in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal. Another prominent figure is Republican candidate Roy Moore, who has faced multiple sexual misbehavior allegations, including assault and sexual encounters with underage girls.
CAIRO (Sputnik) — The special operation is over with the the troops having killed three armed attackers, the Al Arabiya television channel said, citing the Iraqi general staff.
Earlier in the day, a group of armed men including two suicide bombers attacked a Samarra police station, according to media reports.
April 28 Enbridge Energy Partners Lp:
* Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. Announces conclusion of strategic review and declares distribution for first quarter 2017
* Enbridge Energy Partners - will sell all its interests in midcoast gas gathering and processing business to Enbridge Energy Co for $2.15 billion
* Enbridge Energy Partners - sale proceeds will help permanently fund investment in Bakken pipeline system and provide cash proceeds to repay debt
* Announced termination of its accounts receivable sales agreement with enbridge
* No further restructuring actions are contemplated
* Enbridge Energy Partners - assuming actions gone into effect on Jan 1, expected 2017 adjusted ebitda and distributable cash flow of $1,580 - $1,680 million and $700 - $750 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - India's Bajaj Auto Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT 9.52 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 9.25 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* DEC QUARTER TOTAL REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 63.69 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 53.54 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* CONSENSUS FORECAST FOR DEC QUARTER PROFIT WAS 10.67 BILLION RUPEES
* SAYS CO ON TRACK TO EXCEED ANNUAL EXPORT SALES TARGET FOR YEAR
* SAYS COMMERCIAL VEHICLE DIVISION WOULD EXCEED ANNUAL SALES TARGET FOR YEAR Source text - bit.ly/2s6YZ0D Further company coverage:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for a great 2017 Mummers Parade, Pennsport String Band! Please enjoy these photos and videos from this year's parade and our archive of your past performances.
Scroll for more content...
Hundreds of thousands of defiant and determined protesters gathered nationwide, their resounding pleas to keep families together echoing from coast to coast.
In major cities and small towns, crowds rallied against President Donald Trump's immigration policy. Galvanized by images of migrant children separated from their parents at the US southern border, they carried signs, chanted and called for an end to family separations.
They demanded the government quickly reunite families, their calls repeated from Washington to Los Angeles, to Chicago, Atlanta, Milwaukee, San Francisco and beyond.
Here are the top moments from the marches:
Broadway comes to Washington
The creator of the hit musical "Hamilton" dedicated a song to parents who are separated from their children.
"We're here because there are parents right now who can't sing lullabies to their kids," Lin-Manuel Miranda told the crowd in the nation's capital. "We're not going to stop until they can sing to their kids again."
With that, he launched into "Dear Theodosia," which tells the story of parents trying to make a better world for their children. In the musical, the lullaby is sung by two of America's founding fathers, Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr.
Maxine Waters scolds the President
US Rep. Maxine Waters spoke directly to the President about his immigration policies. And she was angry.
"How dare you?" Waters, a Democrat from California, said at the Los Angeles rally. "How dare you take the babies from mothers' arms? How dare you take the children and send them all across the country into so-called detention centers? Donald Trump, you think you can get away with everything, but you have gone too far when you are trying to break up families in the way that you do."
Protesters head to the White House
Protesters marched by the White House in Washington, as well as the Trump International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue. They yelled, "shame, shame, shame" and "Hey, hey, ho, ho, Donald Trump has got to go." In New York City, thousands marched across the Brooklyn Bridge and massed outside Trump Tower to chant and wave signs.
But President Trump was not in either place.
Trump and his family stayed at Trump National Golf Club in New Jersey for the weekend. Protesters followed, of course, but they only got as close as downtown Bedminster, New Jersey, about 4 miles from the golf club.
Fire departments help cool protesters
It was blistering hot in some parts of the nation, with daytime temperatures hovering close to 90s and organizers urging crowds to drink water.
The protesters on the streets of Chicago found relief when the fire department sprayed them with water on the street.
Firetrucks sprayed water on the crowds in Washington, too, where two people were taken to a hospital for heat emergencies, DC Fire and EMS said.
Calls to abolish ICE ring out
US Sen. Elizabeth Warren joined the chorus of Democrats calling for US Immigration and Customs Enforcement to be replaced.
"The President's deeply immoral actions have made it obvious -- we need to rebuild our immigration system from top to bottom, starting by replacing ICE with something that reflects our morality and that works," Warren said at a rally in Boston.
Rep. Joe Kennedy III, a Democrat from Massachusetts, also addressed the Boston crowd.
"We stand up and we say: Not on our watch. Not while we have something to say about it," he said.
12-year-old makes impassioned plea
A child stole the show in Washington.
Leah, 12, the daughter of undocumented immigrant parents, took the stage and told the crowd about the her daily fear as the daughter of undocumented immigrants. Leah said she wants to be a role model for other children like her and the children who were separated from their families at the border.
"I don't like to live with this fear. It's scary. I can't sleep. I can't study. I am stressed," she said. "I am afraid that they will take my mom away while she is at work, out driving or at home."
John Legend has a message and a song
Singer John Legend had a passionate message for people at the rally in Los Angeles.
"I think some of us have a strong temptation to just disengage, but we can't. We can't do that. I can't do that. I have to do something."
He also had a musical gift. Legend sat down at a piano and played a new song, "Preach," which he said "feels right for this moment."
Legend was introduced by his wife, Chrissy Teigen, who was holding their infant son. Legend was one of several celebrities who attended the marches nationwide.
Grandfather's heartbreaking letter read at rally
In Washington, actress America Ferrera read a letter from a Salvadoran grandfather who lives in Oakland, California. He is separated from his granddaughter, who is being held in Manvel, Texas.
He wants her to come live with him, and was visited by a home investigator.
"I got the impression the investigator thought I didn't make enough money," the letter said. "I know I don't make enough money, but I make enough to care for (you). Everything I have I will give to you."
Singer Alicia Keys read an affidavit from a woman who wanted to know why her son was still detained at a facility in Oregon. Keys brought her 7-year-old son, Egypt.
"I couldn't even imagine not being able to find him," Keys said about her son. "I couldn't imagine being separated from him or scared about how he is being treated. So this is all of our fight. Because if it can happen to any child, it can happen to my child and your child and all of our children."
First-timers travel hundreds of miles to protest
Two women from Fayetteville, North Carolina, traveled to Washington. They both said this was their first protest.
"Separating a child from a parent -- as a parent -- is the most inhumane thing ever," said Allison Thompson, who said she's a Republican and the mother of two kids. "There is just nothing worse to me."
Carrie Amabile carried a sign that said "Love thy neighbor."
"I shared with my daughters a video of the children's detention centers and we cried," Amabile said.
Atlanta protesters carry dolls in crates
In Atlanta, protesters carried a dog crate with baby dolls inside it, an apparent reference to the chain-link fences some migrants -- including children -- have been kept behind. During the protests, US Rep. John Lewis and others criticized the Trump administration for separating children. "We must teach people in power that we will not be satisfied with the order of things," Lewis said.
State lawmakers gave final approval Monday to legislation to give businesses time to fix violations of disability laws that opponents say they should already be obeying.
SB 1406 would require someone affected by a violation of the Arizonans with Disabilities Act to notify the business owner who would have at least 30 days to fix the problem before litigation could be filed.
But the period of compliance could be much longer, 90 days or more, depending on the extent of the problem and whether building permits are required. Only if there is no action at that point could someone who has been harmed by a violation take the business to court.
Senate Minority Leader Katie Hobbs, D-Phoenix, questioned why businesses should be given time to not comply with a law she said amounts to illegal discrimination — in her way of looking at it, the same kind discrimination that keeps business owners from refusing to serve someone based on race.
“This bill is taking civil rights away from people,” she said.
Hobbs said a 30-day cure period doesn't exist for any other group affected by civil rights laws.
“If somebody tried to walk into a restaurant who is black, and that restaurant said, ‘Oh, I'm sorry, we're not serving blacks,' then that is a lawsuit right there,” Hobbs said.
Sen. Lupe Contreras, D-Avondale, said backers of SB 1406 would understand the problems of a “cure period” if they looked at it through the eyes of those who are affected, people who go off to war and come back disabled.
“You think they wouldn't want to be given a cure period of 30 days, too, to change what's going on with them at that time?” he asked.
But Sen. Karen Fann, R-Prescott, said she sees the legislation through a different lens.
“This is actually doing what the law is intending to do,” she said, “Identify the problem and fix it.”
What's happened so far, Fann said, is “unscrupulous attorneys” have targeted businesses for what may be minor violations, file suit, negotiate a settlement, and “line their own pockets at the expense of our disabled community.”
“I think that is just an abomination and certainly not Christian-like in any way whatsoever,” Fann said.
There is no dispute that thousands of businesses were hit with lawsuits, all filed by the same firm, with offers to drop the matter for a cash settlement.
“Nobody supports that,” said Hobbs.
But she said that's all in the past because Attorney General Mark Brnovich succeeded in getting all the cases consolidated and dismissed as frivolous. Hobbs said that shows there is no need for the new restrictions on the rights of the disabled to sue when there are legitimate problems.
Sen. John Kavanagh, R-Fountain Hills, who worked on a version of the legislation, said he believes the measure, which now goes to the governor after the 18-11 vote, addresses many key concerns of the disability community — with the key exception of the waiting period.
“I don't think you could ever get them on to the bill with a real cure period,” he said.
THE head of Bicycle Queensland says most of the 100,000 names appearing on an anti-cycling petition are fake and its creator should be pursued for hate speech.
Anne Savage said the body had received information that many of the names were created by electronic “bots”.
“We have evidence that the majority of names on that petition are false names,” she said.
“We don't expect the government or anyone else to take this petition seriously. It's disappointing to see hate speech on social media taken this far.”
The change.org online petition calls for cyclists to be forced to ride single file.
At 6.30am on Thursday it had 100,700 signatures and said it was aiming to reach 150,000.
The petition was linked to a Facebook page called Single File Please. There were no contact details for the creator of the petition or the Facebook page.
Ms Savage predicted the petition would never be sent to the government.
“We would like to see this person pursued for hate speech and vilification on social media with content that is graphic and deeply hurtful to all in the community,” she said.
"I was a little bit surprised, but in a way both teams have a big game tonight so it's nice to have a little bit more of a break and maybe that's what they were thinking," said Jones, who has Shannon Birchard as a third — filling in for Kaitlyn Lawes playing mixed doubles in the upcoming Winter Olympics — second Jill Officer and lead Dawn McEwen on her team.
Jones had a 3-1 lead after four ends. Alberta scored one more point in the fifth end, then Manitoba rattled off three straight points.
In other playoff action, Nova Scotia's Mary-Anne Arsenault (8-2) scored a triple in the eighth end to put a dagger into B.C.'s Kesa Van Osch (4-6), 10-4.
Arsenault said she can't complain as everyone on her team is playing well and they secured a spot into the Page playoff.
"We seemed to have a bit of a lull in the middle ends where we didn't get our rocks perfectly placed, but luckily the other team wasn't able to take advantage of our error," said Arsenault, who plays with Christina Black (third), Jennifer Baxter (second) and lead Jennifer Crouse.
Nova Scotia doesn't plan to change how it plays and would like to continue getting early leads they can defend.
"It would be sweet if we could do that again," said Arsenault, who has received words of advice from former teammates.
Arsenault recently said one of the things she learned while playing for Colleen Jones, a six-time Scotties champ, is that patience is a "huge thing."
"She had the patience," said Arsenault, who won five Scotties with Jones. "No panicking. Just be patient. Be strong in the eighth, ninth and 10th. As long as the game is close and you play well in the eighth, ninth and 10th, you're probably going to win."
The top four teams advance to the Page playoff on Saturday. Semifinal and final action is on Sunday.
By Emanuel Sequeira, The Canadian Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SARASOTA, Fla. – Sarasota County school officials say a Sarasota High School employee has been fired and the assistant principal has been reassigned after a social media video surfaced, according to WFTS.
The school district began investigating after a Snapchat video showed an adult woman appearing to bump a teenage boy with her rear end. Deputies say the teen attends Riverview High School. Investigators say the woman in the video was the school's registrar, Rowena Short.
The school district determined the assistant principal, Bethany King, hosted a birthday party at her home.
According to a sheriff's office report, the student said he did not know the school employee in the Snapchat video with him. He said he took an Uber to the house and found the location for the party on Snapchat. He could not recall who hosted the party and stated he was intoxicated.
"The kid is a high school student. He's allowed to make some stupid decisions. We all still do that, but to (be in) a position of authority ... I think it's fairly inappropriate," said Matthew Dragner, a Sarasota resident.
King has been employed with the district since July 2014. She is no longer working with students and has been reassigned. School officials say Short was employed since August 2017 and has been terminated.
The sheriff's office is no longer investigating and further action will not be taken. Deputies spoke to the teen's mother who did not wish to take further action.
The Sarasota County school district continues its internal investigation saying:
Phillip Phillips holds the record for all-time best-selling song from an American Idol winner, but over the last several years the singer was worried his career was permanently stalled.
In early 2015, the star, 27, filed a lawsuit against Idol‘s production company 19 Entertainment, claiming they “manipulated” him into accepting jobs and were being “oppressive” about his career. Then more than a year later, 19 Entertainment hit back with a complaint alleging Phillips was holding on to as much as $1 million of their money.
“It was really tough,” Phillips — who wasn't allowed to release new music until he reached a settlement with 19 Entertainment last June — tells PEOPLE exclusively about the legal battle in this week's issue. “I thought, ‘Man, is this ever going to end? Will I ever be able to release new music?' [I was] a little depressed about it and also anxious trying to figure out what I can do to push things forward.”
Several songs on his personal new album Collateral were inspired by the difficult period, which also included one of the happiest days of his life — his wedding to longtime love Hannah Phillips.
“I had a lot to tell in these songs because so much happened in these past three years,” says the songwriter, who heads out on tour Feb. 9. “These songs came alongside some hard times but also some good times. There's some heartbreak in there that's not necessarily heartbreak of a girl and a guy.”
For all the details on Phillips' new album and married life, pick up the latest issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands now.
Phillips credits his wife for getting him through the “scary” time and says she's been by his side through life's toughest moments, including his experience on Idol.
“We're best friends and have been through a lot together,” says the singer, who secretly had eight operations due to chronic kidney problems during his Idol run. “I was 21 [during the show] and was also really sick. I wanted to quit because I was just hurting so bad. I could barely walk 50 yards without having to sit down, and she really helped me through that. She would help me walk and do so much. She's the one that keeps me going.”
Hannah and Phillip Phillips Courtesy Phillip Phillips
Looking back on the last few years, “it was scary at times,” says Hannah, 25. “It was just so many unknowns and we were just in this limbo. But we got to have this time where we were newlyweds kind of doing nothing. There were parts of it that were really a blessing in a way. We had to keep a positive attitude the entire time.”
One of the most heartfelt songs on Phillips' album — “Dance with Me” — was written for Hannah as their first dance song on their wedding day. “She told me I have to play it at every show now,” jokes Phillips. “We love that song so much.”
The couple plans to head out on tour together along with their dog, and “we're looking forward to it,” adds Phillips. “It's the first headlining tour I've done in a while. I'm a little nervous and it's kind of scary, but it's also really exciting.”
In the next few years, the couple may expand their family with kids — but are eyeing a French bulldog for Hannah first. “That's been a long time coming, a whole relationship coming,” says Phillips. “She has always wanted one!”
RELATED VIDEO: It's Official: American Idol Coming Is Back
Whatever the future holds, the singer knows he and Hannah will remain a team.
Says the star: “I'll hopefully still be touring and putting out some music and just enjoying growing old together. We're not promised tomorrow, so you want to make the most of it.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
In this episode of Weekend Philler we get some Buffalo wings, ears and tails and tales at the Pic-A-Lilli Inn, rescue adorable woodland critters at the Woodford Cedar Run Wildlife Refuge, Meet the Pic-A-Lilli Goat of yesteryear, eat healthy at the Farmer's Keep, stop and smell the roses at the The Philadelphia Flower Show, discover treasures new and old at More Than Old and show our teeth at Piranha Falls at Adventure Aquarium. Wow, that's an action packed half hour. Thanks for tuning it to PHL17 at 11:30pm on Saturday nights and letting us "phill" a little of your weekend.
Here are the clips
If you love “the Philler” let us know! Please follow us on the Weekend Philler Instagram, the Weekend Philler Twitter or Weekend Philler Facebook!
For more Weekend Philler Episodes use this link.
What is Weekend Philler? Glad you asked
North Korea will continue to test missiles regularly and any military action against it by the United States would prompt “all out war”, a senior North Korean official has told the BBC.
North Korea has conducted several missile and nuclear tests in defiance of United Nations sanctions and has said it has developed a missile that can strike the U.S. mainland. Its latest missile test on Sunday failed a few seconds after launch.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea on Monday that recent U.S. strikes in Syria, one of Pyongyang's few close allies, and Afghanistan showed that the resolve of President Donald Trump should not be tested.
“We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,” Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol said in an interview with the BBC released late on Monday.
“If the U.S. is reckless enough to use military means it would mean from that very day, an all out war.”
North Korean state media last week warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, but the White House said there was no evidence it possessed that capability.
“If the USA is planning a military attack against us we will react with a nuclear pre-emptive strike by our own style and method,” Han said.
He also said North Korea believed its nuclear weapons protect it from the threat of military action by the United States.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
LeBron James calls the rumors about him joining the Golden State Warriors a "non-story"
Published 6:29 PM, February 03, 2018
LOS ANGELES, USA - Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James was emphatic Friday in calling a report linking him to a possible move to the Golden State Warriors as a free agent was "nonsense".
The three-time NBA champion, speaking to reporters after Cavaliers practice, said his first reaction to Wednesday's ESPN report that said James would consider meeting with the Warriors was laughter.
But it was clear he didn't think the topic was, in fact, a laughing matter.
"It's nonsense," said James, who can opt out of his contract and become a free agent when this season concludes. "It's a non-story. I think it's a discredit to what I'm trying to do here.
"My focus right now is trying to figure out how we can become a championship caliber team over these next few months."
Cleveland are currently third in the NBA's Eastern Conference and coming off a tough January that saw them finish 6-8 in the month and lose Kevin Love to a broken hand that will sideline him some eight weeks.
The Cavaliers have played the Warriors in the last three NBA Finals, falling in 2015 and last year and triumphing in 2016 to give James a third championship after he won two with the Miami Heat.
The four-time NBA Most Valuable Player said he knew it was inevitable that speculation over whether he might choose to again leave Cleveland as a free agent was inevitable, but he thought that put an unfair burden on his teammates.
"For them to have to hear that stuff every single day about my free agency, I apologize to them," James said, adding that he would handle his "summer situation when my summer gets here".
In the meantime, he advised against putting stock in second-hand reports.
"If you don't hear something coming from my voice, then it's not true," he said. "I don't give a damn how close they are, if it's my kids, my wife or whatever. If it's not from me, it's not true."
James famously departed Cleveland for Miami as a free agent in July of 2010.
In June of 2014 he opted out of his contract with the Heat and returned to Cleveland as an unrestricted free agent. - Rappler.com
BPI is the Ayala Group's top earner for the period, followed by Ayala Land
Published 12:10 AM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Ayala Corporation (AC), the holding firm of the Ayala Group of Companies, posted a 9.1% growth in net income for the 1st half of 2017 on strong contributions from its property and energy divisions.
In a disclosure to the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE) on Friday, August 11, AC reported a net income of P15.1 billion for January to June this year, compared to the P13.8 billion in the same period in 2016.
AC's equity earnings totaled P17.4 billion for the 1st half of 2017, up 6% from a year ago, while its net income for the 2nd quarter of 2017 amounted to P8.1 billion, up 2% compared to the same quarter in 2016.
The firm attributed the growth to contributions from its property arm Ayala Land and its energy unit AC Energy, which grew 17% and 64%, respectively.
Subsidiaries
The net income of Ayala-led Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI) dropped to P11.7 billion, down 8% from last year due to spending for digital and lower securities trading.
Globe Telecom's net income also fell to P8.1 billion due to expenses related to its purchase of San Miguel Corporation's telecommunications assets.
The net income of AC Industrials was down 3% as well, to P739 million, as lower contributions of its vehicle retail business tempered the gains from the robust performance of its electronics manufacturing arm.
On the other hand, Ayala Land recorded P11.5 billion in net income for the 1st half of 2017, up 18% from the same period last year due to continued expansion of its property development and commercial leasing businesses.
Manila Water's net income also rose by 3% to P3.2 billion, amid increasing contributions from its domestic subsidiaries.
The net income of AC Energy, meanwhile, jumped by 64% to P949 million on the back of a favorable wind regime, improved efficiencies of its operating coal plants combined with feed-in-tariff earnings from its solar plant, as well as fresh contributions from Chevron's geothermal assets in Indonesia. – Rappler.com
April 10 Barclays Plc
* Fca and pra investigations into jes staley and barclays
* Barclays plc and barclays bank plc (barclays) announce that financial conduct authority (fca) and prudential regulation authority (pra) have commenced investigations into: . Jes staley, group chief executive officer of barclays, as to his individual conduct and senior manager responsibilities relating to barclays whistleblowing programme
* And an attempt by mr staley in 2016 to identify author of a letter that was treated by barclays bank plc as a whistleblow
* Barclays bank plc, as to its responsibilities relating to attempt by mr staley to identify author of letter
* As well as barclays systems and controls and culture relating to whistleblowing.
* Attempt by mr staley to identify author of letter ( "matter") first came to attention of barclays board in early 2017 as a result of a concern raised by an employee
* Board immediately instructed an external law firm, simmons & simmons llp, to conduct a focussed investigation into matter which was led by sir gerry grimstone, deputy chairman and senior independent director, on behalf of board
* Investigation by simmons & simmons llp found, and board has concluded, that mr staley honestly, but mistakenly, believed that it was permissible to identify author of letter.
* Board has concluded that mr staley made an error in becoming involved with, and not applying appropriate governance around, matter, and in taking action to attempt to identify author of letter
* Author of letter was not identified and no further action was taken. Mr staley has apologised to board for his error.
* Board believes that its response to matter should be proportionate to its serious nature. It will therefore be issuing a formal written reprimand to mr staley and has decided that a very significant compensation adjustment will be made to mr staley's variable compensation award
* Board will give consideration to findings of fca and pra investigations and precise amount of compensation adjustment will be determined by board once those investigations have concluded
* Barclays and mr staley will cooperate fully with fca and pra investigations
* Board is also commissioning independent reviews of barclays relevant processes and controls, including its whistleblowing programme
* Board continues to review position of other employees involved in this matter.
* John mcfarlane, chairman, said: "i am personally very disappointed and apologetic that this situation has occurred
* Taking into account both circumstances of this matter and his otherwise exemplary record since joining barclays, including contributing significantly to improvements in barclays culture and controls, jes continues to have board's unanimous confidence
* It will support his re-appointment at barclays annual general meeting on 10 May 2017.
* Jes staley, group chief executive officer said: "i have apologised to barclays board, and accepted its conclusion that my personal actions in this matter were errors on my part. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Maple Leafs trade veteran forward Matt Martin to Islanders
Matt Martin is going back to the New York Islanders.
The Toronto Maple Leafs have dealt the feisty forward to the Islanders, who drafted him in 2008. The Leafs get minor-league goalie Eamon McAdam in the deal.
Also on Tuesday, the Islanders agreed to a one-year, $1.5 million deal with goalie Robin Lehner. Lehner had a 3.01 goals-against average with a .908 save percentage in 53 games with the Buffalo Sabres last season.
The Sabres declined to give Lehner a $4 million qualifying offer as a restricted free agent and relinquished his rights. He will try to improve the Islanders goaltending which allowed a league-high 293 goals last season.
Martin signed a four-year, $10 million deal with the Leafs prior to the 2016 season. After playing every game in his first season with the Leafs, Martin suited up for just 50 games this past season and did not dress for Toronto's seven-game playoff series against the Boston Bruins.
In 132 games for the Leafs, the 29-year-old Martin had eight goals, 13 assists and 173 penalty minutes.
The 23-year-old McAdam split the 2017-18 season between Bridgeport of the AHL and Worcester of the ECHL. A third-round pick of the Islanders in 2013, McAdam has not played in the NHL.
The move comes two days after the Leafs beat out the Islanders for marquee free agent John Tavares, who had been with New York since starting his NHL career in 2009.
It marks the first trade between new Leafs GM Kyle Dubas and the man who preceded him in that role — Islanders GM Lou Lamoriello.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
Russia is, of course, a politically charged issue for Trump, with special counsel Robert Mueller investigating allegations of possible collusion between Russia and the campaign that brought the president to power in 2016.
The G7 ministers agreed in their Sunday discussion about the need to address the disruptive influence of Russia, including its interference in foreign elections and its dissemination of fake news.
"What we decided ... was that we were going to set up a G7 group that would look at Russian malign behaviour in all its manifestations, whether it's cyberwar, whether it's disinformation, assassination attempts, whatever it happens to be and collectively try and call it out," Johnson said.
"Russia is so unbelievably clever at kind of sowing doubt and confusion and spreading all this fake news and trying to muddy the waters. We think there's a role for the G7 in just trying to provide some clarity."
Freeland said she and her fellow ministers talked about "democracy being under attack, and in particular about Russian efforts to destabilize some democracies."
Sullivan didn't mention the Russia initiative in his summary of the talks or single out the Kremlin's use disinformation, but he said the U.S. remains committed to the G7's endeavour.
He called on Russia to be a "constructive partner" in Syria, where it continues to back the regime of Bashar Assad. He blasted it for the chemical weapon attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter in the British town of Salisbury. And he called on the Kremlin to give Crimea back to Ukraine and get out of its eastern region.
Sullivan also said co-operation with Russia on a variety of topics is necessary, including fighting terrorism "but that will not prevent us from standing up and confronting and taking action against Russian behaviour that's contrary to international norms and all that we stand for in the G7."
Afterwards, a senior State Department official, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter, added additional comment: "The U.S. will support its allies to combat state sponsored disinformation from Russia and other countries. This remains a priority."
Freeland has framed the clash between democracy and authoritarianism as a defining theme of our time, with Russia as the West's main foe on that front.
She said all citizens in democratic countries, as well as their governments have a duty to be vigilant against the disruption. She said one of her fellow ministers "pointed out that making the case for democracy can be hard sometimes … because facts can be very boring" and don't always lead to an interesting narrative.
"Lurid conspiracy theories, on the other hand, are lurid, and exciting. Part of our job, I think, is a collective one of being aware of that fact."
SEOUL North Korea displayed its submarine-launched ballistic missiles (SLBM) for the first time on Saturday ahead of a massive military parade in the capital, Pyongyang.
North Korea warned the United States on Saturday to end its "military hysteria" or face retaliation as a U.S. aircraft carrier group steamed towards the region and the reclusive state marked the 105th birth anniversary of its founding father.
State TV showed images of the Pukkuksong-2 SLBMs on trucks waiting to be paraded in front of leader Kim Jong-un.
(Reporting by James Pearson; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Ahead of July's NATO summit, the US President fueled the buzz about the row within the bloc over agreed-upon military spending targets, as he sent his letters of discontent to several European leaders, including Chancellor Angela Merkel. In response, Germany's military chief lectured Trump on what alliance means and played down his rebuke.
Since the beginning of his term, Germany military spending has been a consistent target of US President Donald Trump for being far less than the NATO guideline of 2% of gross domestic product (GDP). This irritation prompted the president to write a letter of discontent, which he sent to Angela Merkel ahead of the NATO summit. But German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen has stood up for Berlin's army budget, which totals percent of GDP, and pointed out that the contribution to the common defense can't be measured only in “cash.”
"You can easily spend 2% of your national GDP on defense while at the same time not contributing anything to NATO — do not participate in missions, do not participate in actions, do not participate in reinsurance missions. If we stand together for values and for peace in this world, that means we must provide what we can in this alliance," she stated, talking to the media.
She stressed that Germany was the second largest troop contributor to NATO overall, the second largest troop contributor to Afghanistan's mission and also the second largest net contributor to the NATO command structures. Besides, according to the Minister, Germany remains the only country on the European continent responsible for deterrence measures against Russia in Poland and the Baltics if needed, as it is to provide the lion's share of the battle forces for Lithuania.
At the same time, she confirmed that Germany is committed to reaching the spending target set by the NATO allies at the 2014 summit in Wales, where the allies agreed to increase military spending by up to 2% of GDP by 2024.
Although von der Leyen earlier claimed that Berlin would increase the defense budget to 1.5 percent of GDP by 2025, it is still half a percent below the target share.Germany's current spending over recent years which makes up 1.2 percent of GDP, has evoked criticism from other NATO states.
After slamming Germany and other countries, that failed to meet the requirements, on Twitter and in his public statements for months, one of the most vocal critics, Donald Trump, expressed his demands and complaints in official letters, which were sent to the Western European leaders ahead of the NATO summit scheduled for July 11-12 in Brussels.
READ MORE: German Military Struggles on Eve of Taking Reins of NATO Crisis Response Force
According to The New York Times' report this week, in his message to German Chancellor Angela Merkel, he pointed at “growing frustration in the United States.”
“Continued German underspending on defense undermines the security of the alliance and provides validation for other allies that also do not plan to meet their military spending commitments, because others see you as a role model," Trump allegedly wrote in the letter.
Although the German military chief confirmed receiving the letter, he has dodged critic and attempts to escalate the row.
“The letter — that was not sent not just to us but also to other European countries — shows that there is interest in the issue, it shows how relevant NATO is, and underlines the common goal,” she stated, according to the Financial Times, while also rejecting speculations that the US President is withdrawing troops from Germany.
× In the Fade
The stars aligned the night I went to see this movie yesterday evening. It was playing at my favorite theatre — the Angelika Film Center — where I know I can relax in seats that recline and enjoy a glass of wine.
I had just heard that the singer of The Temptations had died. In this movie, they play The Temptations “My Girl” during a wedding scene.
I had earlier read a Facebook post from one of my best friends, who lost his daughter recently. He wrote about watching videos of her and how that made him feel so much happier. This movie had a similar scene.
I saw on the news, the sentencing of that doctor that worked with the Olympic gymnasts. A father of three that were abused, ran towards the guy in court and was tackled by police. This movie had a similar scene.
Yet even if this movie didn't have things I had witnessed earlier in the day, I would've loved it.
The film deservedly won a Golden Globe, and Diane Kruger (Inglourious Basterds, National Treasure, Troy) won “best actress” at Cannes for her performance. And just as I said about Sally Hawkins in her two terrific performances last year (The Shape of Water, Maudie) — Kruger could express so much with just a facial expression.
The story takes place in Hamburg's St. Pauli district, where Katja Sekerci (Kruger) is living a happy life with husband Nuri (Numan Acar), who we see in the opening sequence, she marries while he's in prison. They have an adorable son, a nice house, and life is going well until a bomb explodes outside his office, killing him.
Nuri is Turkish, and this district is a bit progressive, but also has a few racist Germans upset with how things are going. The investigators aren't sure which direction to go, since Nuri had been a drug dealer, and they seem to have no leads.
I won't delve into much more of the plot, as I've already seen many other critics give things away in how they described the events or merely the premise of the movie.
What I found so fascinating is how there were a few things this movie did that I've seen in other movies, done better here. That could be a newscaster that wants to call the victim a “convicted drug dealer” or a mother-in-law saying something rude. A few times, I felt a bit more subtly could've been used, but in so many other times, it was. And it made the scenes more powerful. It could be the way Katja looks at her best friend, and you see the sadness in her eyes.
Obviously, the news has recently had attacks in Berlin regarding Islamic terrorism, and many will say that makes this a timely story. I think it would've been just as powerful a film 20 years ago.
There was a scene where family and friends find out sad news — and it's unlike anything I've seen before. Other times, Katja is staring out a window as rain pours down and we hear it on the windows, and it breaks your heart. A friend I brought with me to the movie (who also loved it) commented, “I like that they didn't try to play all this music to make us sad. Just hearing the rain, and her crying, made it all so raw.”
There are a few courtroom scenes that have the standard stuff we've seen in many films (most recently another foreign film — The Insult). Yet even those seemed to captivate me more than usual.
Austrian stage and screen actor Johannes Krisch plays a defense lawyer you want to strangle.
German/Italian actor Denis Moschitto plays a lawyer you want to hug.
Greek filmmaker Yannis Economides has a small role that is rather menacing.
I was pleasantly surprised that Queens of the Stone Age leader Josh Homme provided an incredible score. The film also had some great songs from Queens of the Stone Age, Faith No More, and the underrated Australian singer Courtney Barnett.
Writer/director Fatih Akin has given us Head-on, The Edge of Heaven, Goodbye Berlin, The Cut, and my favorite of his films, Soul Kitchen. It's now In the Fade. In this movie, we experience grieving like you rarely do on screen, and you go through a rollercoaster of emotions and anxiety while watching it.
This gets 4 stars out of 5.
The state legislative session begins Monday, and it's going to be a tough one.
Lawmakers have to fill a hole in this year's budget then fill an even bigger hole in next year's budget, as they consider increasing taxes give the state some stability.
Since lawmakers passed an unconstitutional tax on tobacco last year, they still have to fill a $65-million budget hole this year. The state may also have to pay an additional $75-million to medical colleges in the state for graduate medical education benefits through the healthcare authority.
Going into next year, the state faces a budget deficit of somewhere between 250-and-650 million dollars. It's hard to say for sure until we know how much the state has brought in in tax collections.
During Governor Mary Fallin's final state of the state address of her career, “My big focus this year is going to be on solving the budget crisis and putting us on a stable path forward. Getting some predictability. Getting rid of the uncertainty we've been experiencing for the last many years.”
Specifically, the governor will urge lawmakers to back the so-called “Step Up OK” Plan. That's a combination of revenue raisers and government reforms proposed by a group of business and community leaders. The revenue raisers include an increase on the taxes on tobacco, gasoline and diesel fuel, and the production of oil and natural gas called gross production.
Read Related Story: Former Governors Endorse ‘Step Up Oklahoma' Plan
The governor wants voters on board. “Step up, call your legislators and tell them to fix these issues. We have a plan that is bi-partisian. Has brought everybody to the table. There are things in there I don't like. Things I do like.”
The number one plan the governor like, “Of course the teacher pay raise is the big thing. It will go a long ways if we can find a raise for our teachers because education is the key to success in our state.”
The changes proposed by Step Up OK would bring in about $750- million in new revenue each year, with about $285 million of that going to provide $5,000 annual raises for teachers and principals.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The South Korean lawmakers are expected to hold a meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi during their visit, Song Young-gil, a DPK member, said.
"We will tell Beijing that our presidential candidates including Moon are calling on the THAAD issue to be reconsidered in the next government. Plus, we will also discuss China's role in resolving icy relations between South and North Korea," Song was quoted as saying by the South China Morning Post newspaper.
© Sputnik/ Vitaliy Ankov Russia, China Boosting Defense Ties in Response to US Deploying THAAD in S Korea
The Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, which South Korea agreed in 2016 to be deployed on its territory by the end of 2017 with the stated aim of countering threats from North Korea, serves as one of the main irritation factors in Beijing-Seoul ties.
China and Russia have repeatedly voiced opposition to the deployment of THAAD, arguing that its real aim was to deter the strategic weapon systems not only in the Korean peninsula's North, but primarily in China's hinterlands and Russia's Far East regions.
COLLINGWOOD great Peter Moore says his son Darcy's likely shift to defence might benefit him given the difficulty of being a forward at the Pies.
Earlier this year David Cloke lashed Nathan Buckley's game plan , saying son Travis had been a “scapegoat” following his trade to the Western Bulldogs, and now another famous father had his say on the Pies.
Moore wasn't as critical of Buckley as Cloke Snr has been — saying he trusted the coach to make the call on what was best for the Pies — but did say Buckley needed to find answers.
JACK CRISP: ‘FRUSTRATED' PIES NEED TO MOVE
SUPERCOACH: THE FORGOTTEN MEN
“One of the problems at Collingwood are the way they play. Their chosen game style is generally it's a five-man forward line playing on seven defenders, so it's very difficult for forwards to kick a lot of goals and to get a lot of opportunities,” Peter Moore told SEN.
“The other issue is their entries into the forward half were absolutely hopeless in the first half of last year. They're working hard to improve that and try and get better delivery and also move the ball a bit quicker.
“When you add all that up, forward line is not the best spot you can be at Collingwood and Collingwood forwards don't tend to kick a lot of goals.”
Camera Icon Darcy Moore is training as a defender. Pic: Michael Klein Picture: News Corp Australia
Camera Icon Peter Moore won a Brownlow Medal at the Pies. Picture: Wayne Ludbey Picture: News Corp Australia
Asked where he believed Darcy should play — the Pies have said the 21-year-old would likely move to the backline in 2018 — Moore backed Buckley on what was best for the team.
He said he believed his son's versatility would allow him to play in the ruck or even on a wing in addition to key forward or defensive posts.
“He's clearly a good forward, a natural forward,” Moore said of his son.
“The problem at Collingwood is he can't get the ball enough in the forward line, you know they have trouble getting the ball to him.
“I think the thinking is to try to get him in the play more because he's pretty effective when he's got the ball.
“The feeling is if they can sort a forward line out that works then they'd like to play him a bit more behind the ball. But I think he'll play both forward and back. I think they can't make an arbitrary call on it.
Camera Icon Will Ben Reid play forward with talk Darcy Moore moving to defence? Picture: Wayne Ludbey Picture: News Corp Australia
“I'd like to see him play forward, and then when they need him to, he could go back ... it's probably a case of where he can serve the team best, and the coach has probably got to make that call.”
Buckley was handed a two-year contract extension after Collingwood missed the finals for a fourth straight year. Moore Snr said he liked the Pies' list and the coach now needed to push the club up the table.
“Bucks has been very well supported. Eddie's very loyal to him and has really given him everything that he could possibly want — he's got the coaches he wants, the players he wants — it is set up the way he wants it,” he said.
“Now the challenge for him is: can he convert and make that team competitive?
“A lot of people say its game plan issues and the way they go about it. I don't know what it is, but whatever it is, doesn't work, so he has to figure it out, and pretty quickly I would have thought.”
One of Los Angeles' NFL teams is perfectly positioned to land one of the three standout receivers in this month's draft. Unfortunately for the Rams, it's the Chargers.
With the No. 7 overall pick, the Chargers seem more likely to lean toward one of the draft's top two safeties. By the time of the Rams' first scheduled selection, in the second round, the consensus top receivers - Clemson's Mike Williams, Western Michigan's Corey Davis and Washington's John Ross - will have found homes.
Then what? After the top three receivers, all of whom should be among the draft's top 20 picks, the pool is wide but shallow, and features a number of smaller guys who project to be slot guys in the NFL. That's not what the Rams need. Ideally, they need a big target or a vertical threat, but those are in short supply after Round 1.
“It's about trying to find a way to put Jared Goff in a situation where he can succeed,” draft analyst Bucky Brooks said last week. “I'm thinking about adding the best playmakers that I can find on the perimeter to alleviate some of the burden on him to make all of these plays from the pocket.”
Does that mean potentially reaching, at No. 37, for a receiver such as USC's JuJu Smith-Schuster or Penn State's Chris Godwin? The Rams would have been sitting nicely, at No. 5 overall, but they sent that pick to Tennessee last year in the trade that eventually landed Goff.
Had the Rams held onto the No. 5 pick, they'd be in great position to fill a huge need.
Williams (6-foot-4, 218 pounds) and Davis (6-3, 209) are great red-zone targets who thrive in picking up yards after the catch. Williams is a bit slower but faced fantastic competition at Clemson, while Davis almost certainly will become the first MAC receiver to go in the first round since Randy Moss in 1998.
Ross (5-11, 188) cemented his status among the elite at the combine, when he ran the 40-yard dash in a record time of 4.22 seconds.
Unless they pull off a trade to get back in the first round, the Rams will be left to ponder whether to address other needs at No. 37 - namely cornerback and offensive line - or pluck any one of approximately 10 receivers who might be second-round material.
Smith-Schuster is reliable but perhaps not a game-breaker. Godwin had an amazing Rose Bowl game (187 yards) and a good combine, but will teams overvalue him because of one game? Oklahoma's Dede Westbrook won the Biletnikoff Trophy, but there are some potential red-flag character issues in his past.
Advertisement
A good compromise pick for the Rams, if he remains on the board, might be East Carolina's Zay Jones.
Jones (6-2, 202) benefited from a high-powered college offense but also, according to reports, impressed scouts both at the combine and the Senior Bowl. Jones totaled 158 catches, 1,746 yards and eight touchdowns as a senior last season and is considered a smart route-runner with good hands.
The Rams aren't likely to find a perfect fit, because those guys will be gone. Here's a look at the receivers likely to come off the board within the draft's first two dozen picks:
MIKE WILLIAMS, CLEMSON>> Williams' biggest asset, his size, should translate well in the NFL, as he is well-regarded for his toughness, his red-zone ability and his yards after catch. Williams isn't a speedster, but a team that already has a deep threat would be thrilled to pair him with Williams, a member of Clemson's national championship team,
COREY DAVIS, WESTERN MICHIGAN>> The numbers certainly are there. Davis set FBS career records with 5,278 receiving yards and 52 touchdowns, but the “FBS” part is the rub. Davis has great size and speed, but he has yet to face NFL-caliber defensive backs and also had some injuries during the draft-evaluation season.
JOHN ROSS, WASHINGTON>> Ross already has his number: 4.22. That's the number of seconds it took him to run the 40-yard dash at the combine, so while Ross' size (5-11, 188) might lead to some durability concerns in the NFL, he thrived at the Pac-12 level and totaled 1,150 yards and 17 touchdowns as a junior in 2016.
Germany has allowed Russia's Gazprom to build and operate the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline in the country's territorial waters.
The decision comes as bad news for Poland, which fears Nord Stream 2 would, will increase Europe's dependence on imported Russian gas.
In a last-ditch attempt to thwart the construction of the strategic pipeline, which is to run under the Baltic Sea from Russia to Germany, Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki has asked US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to make sure that US sanctions cover Nord Stream 2 and that European companies involved in the project be fined.
“Yes, we talked about Nord Stream 2. We want the construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline to fall under the US sanctions bill…which includes, among others, sanctions against Russia,” the Polish PM said in a newspaper interview on Monday.
Geopolitical considerations
Deputy Director of the Russian Humanitarian University's International Business School, Lyudmila Studenikina, explains Warsaw's emphasis on the two countries' shared anti-Russian sentiments as an attempt to cash in on the desire of US shale gas companies to enter the EU fuel market.
“These statements and actions are dictated by geopolitical considerations, including Washington's plans to gain a foothold in and eventually dominate the European energy market,” she told RIA Novosti.
The Americans want to use Poland as a gateway to Europe.
Last year, Poland's state-ownedoil and gas company PGNiG became the first in the EU to ink a five-year contract for liquefied natural gas deliveries from the United States.
Since then, 14 tankers carrying liquefied natural gas from the US have arrived in the Polish port of Swinoujscie bringing 1.6 billion cubic meters of gas.
Poland's yearly consumption of natural gas is 15 billion cubic meters, two-thirds of which come from Russia.
Bold Ambitions
There is more to Warsaw's desire to supplant Russian gas with one gas from the US or from elsewhere, though. Poland wants to become a premiere gas hub for Eastern and Central Europe, with plans to bring the annual capacity of the port in Swinoujscie to 7.5 billion cubic meters.
© Sputnik/ Igor Samoilov Lithuania Argues Over Germany's Permission for Nord Stream 2 Construction
Warsaw expects to get another 10 billion cubic meters from the North Sea gas fields via the Baltic Pipe, which is to run from Denmark under the Baltic Sea.
Experts have doubts about the feasibility of these plans, however, with Studenikina describing the decision to expand the Swinoujscie terminal as politically motivated and too expensive for Poland to finance alone.
The biggest irritant for Poland is the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which throws into question the economic viability of Warsaw's vision of diversified natural gas supplies to Europe.
Moreover, pipeline gas is always cheaper than LNG, with experts saying that Poles will have to shell out around 1 billion euros more for US gas compared to similar volumes provided by Russia's Gazprom.
Europeans know how to count their money and as soon as Nord Stream 2 goes on-stream, Poland will have to forget about its ambitions to call the shots on the European gas market.
READ MORE: German Regulator Allowed to Build Nord Stream 2 Bearing Environment in Mind
Nord Stream 2 is a joint venture of Russia's Gazprom with France's Engie, Austria's OMV AG, Anglo-Dutch Royal Dutch Shell, and Germany's Uniper and Wintershall.
It aims to deliver 55 billion cubic meters of Russian natural gas a year to the European Union, across the Baltic Sea to Germany.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager has been freed after a judge agreed with prosecutors that he didn't commit the crime.
A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager has been freed after a judge agreed with prosecutors that he didn't commit the crime.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit his head on a cafeteria floor after authorities say she kicked a chair he was leaning back in.
A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit his head on a cafeteria floor after authorities say she kicked a chair he was leaning back in.
By LARRY NEUMEISTER and TOM HAYS
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Lawyers for President Donald Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, failed to persuade a judge Wednesday for more time to analyze millions of files seized by the FBI, but they did get one thing they wanted: Their TV tormentor, Stormy Daniels' attorney, withdrew a request to get a formal role in the case.
The federal judge, refereeing an ongoing legal tussle about which documents should be withheld from investigators because of attorney-client privilege, gave lawyers for Trump and Cohen until June 15 to finish reviewing 3.7 million paper and electronic files seized in the April raids.
The deadline for them to identify documents they believe are confidential was set over the objection of Cohen's lawyer, Todd Harrison.
"We're working around-the-clock," he told U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood, saying that even with a team of 15 lawyers "moving heaven and earth," they had only finished reviewing 1.3 million files so far and didn't expect to finish until mid-July.
"I don't know if we can make that," another Cohen lawyer, Stephen Ryan, said of the June 15 deadline.
Wood was unmoved, but she made comments in court that may have prompted Daniels' lawyer, Michael Avenatti, to withdraw a request to get a formal role in the legal negotiations.
Avenatti had applied to intervene in the case so he could ensure that any confidential records or recordings related to Daniels that were in Cohen's possession weren't improperly disclosed.
Much of Wednesday's hearing was consumed by spirited arguments about Avenatti's numerous public attacks on Cohen, mostly through live cable TV appearances. Cohen's lawyers have protested that the barrage was improper.
Wood told Avenatti that while he is free to speak his mind now, he would have to end his "publicity tour" and attacks on Cohen if he became part of the case. Lawyers practicing in the federal court in Manhattan must follow local rules barring statements that might taint prospective jurors.
Shortly after the court hearing, Avenatti withdrew his application, but not before appearing TV cameras outside again and assailing Cohen and his legal team once more.
Among other things, Avenatti has accused Cohen's lawyers of giving a journalist an audio recording of a conversation between Daniels' former lawyer and Cohen.
Ryan denied that Cohen's lawyers gave recordings to a reporter, but said if his firm had, "it would be the biggest story in America."
He, in turn, told the judge Avenatti should be questioned about how he acquired certain bank records related to Cohen's business dealings that he recently made public. Ryan suggested prosecutors were behind it, saying they and Avenatti had become "strange bedfellows."
"There's a very strange thing going on," he said.
Daniels got a $130,000 payment from Cohen before the election in exchange for not speaking about an alleged sexual encounter with the president. Daniels has said she had sex once with Trump, in 2006. Trump denies it. Daniels was not in court Wednesday.
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers for Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to attorney-client privilege. She said the material includes data from a video recorder.
Judge Wood said if Trump and Cohen's lawyers don't finish reviewing material by June 15, the task of performing the attorney-client review will be handled by a special "taint team" of prosecutors walled off from those involved in the criminal probe.
Of the material seized from Cohen's home, hotel and office in April, only two old Blackberry phones and the contents of a shredder have yet to be turned over to Cohen's lawyers, prosecutors said.
The files, mostly from phones and electronic storage devices, were seized April 9 in raids on Cohen's Manhattan home and office. The raids initially drew an outcry from Trump, who claimed an attack on attorney-client privilege.
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court, complaining that he feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
President Donald Trump said that Admiral Ronny Jackson making a decision soon about whether or not he would withdraw from consideration for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
Trump said that he spoke to Jackson, his White House physician and nominee to lead the VA and questioned whether he was willing to suffer the political fight of getting confirmed by the Senate.
“I said to him, ‘What do you need it for?'” Trump said. “I don't want to put a man through a process like this. It's too ugly and too disgusting.”
Recent reports have detailed allegations from former medical staffers surrounding his job as the White House physician, as the Senate postponed confirmation hearings for the position.
Trump said that he supported Jackson, but said that his physician would make a decision soon on whether or not to withdraw his name from consideration.
“He's a fine man, I will always stand behind him,” he said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Nikkei off 5-week high as rally fizzles ahead of holiday week
* Trump's comments on North Korea a reminder of geopolitical risks
* Advantest, Omron tumble, Alps Elec gains on earnings
* Nikkei looks set to make the biggest weekly gains since Nov
By Hideyuki Sano
TOKYO, April 28 Japan's Nikkei share average ticked down further from recent five-week highs on Friday as a relief rally driven by fading political worries in Europe fizzled ahead of Golden Week holidays next week.
The Nikkei fell 0.2 percent to 19,203.30 by mid-morning trade, off five-week high of 19,289.43 touched on Wednesday.
Sentiment was undermined slightly by comments from U.S. President Donald Trump that there is a chance of a major conflict with North Korea -- a stark reminder of lingering geopolitical risks in the region.
The Nikkei had gained 3.2 percent so far this week, which would be the biggest since mid-November, after the results of the first round vote in the French presidential election allayed fears that France would choose a anti-European Union president.
"Market players are reluctant to take positions now ahead of holiday week and the focus of trading is on shares of companies that just released earnings," said Tomoichiro Kubota, senior market analyst at Matsui Securities.
Semiconductor equipment maker Advantest fell 8.2 percent and electronic goods maker Omron dropped 7.8 percent after their earning estimates disappointed market players.
Although both companies expect profit growth in the financial year that started this month, their currency rate assumption -- of 110 yen per dollar -- was taken to mean their projection would be vulnerable, some market players said.
Robot manufacturer Fanuc dipped slightly after its earnings had fallen short of market expectations before paring losses to trade up 0.1 percent.
Nintendo turned positive after an initial fall as the market digested its earnings, which fell short of market expectations and suggested strong sales of its new Switch console.
Electronics parts maker Alps Electric rose 5.1 percent on strong earnings.
Mobile phone operator NTT Docomo gained 4.0 percent also on upbeat earnings as well as on its dividend hike plan.
Other telecom shares topped the list of gainers among large caps as investors rotate into domestic demand-led shares. KDDI rose 2.9 percent while NTT gained 2.3 percent.
Overall trade is expected to slow next week, during which Japanese markets will be closed from Wednesday to Friday and many other markets in Asia and Europe will be closed on Monday.
The broader Topix fell 0.1 percent to 1,535.06.
On the month, though, April looks set to be the best month so far this year for Japanese shares. The Nikkei is up 1.6 percent and the Topix is up 1.4 percent, both of which would be the biggest gains since December. (reporting by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Sam Holmes)
PHOENIX, Ariz — An Arizona woman is safe after she used a baseball bat to fight off a half-naked man who broke into her home, according to KTVK.
Timothy Valdez, 29, has been charged with burglary, armed robbery, kidnapping and aggravated assault after he allegedly broke into an apartment and attacked a woman.
Simone Parker was home alone when she says a pantsless Valdez broke into her apartment and pulled out a knife, demanding clothes and money.
“I gave him a green t-shirt, and he put the green shirt on, and I was looking for some pants, and I'm like, ‘Forget that, I'm not going to get him no pants, I'm going to get the bat.' So, I got the bat and I went to hit him,” she said.
Parker hit him on the back of the head and on his face, but he eventually overpowered her and struck her with the bat.
Valdez stole her purse and ran to another area of the apartment complex, but a neighbor and Parker's son was able to restrain him until officers arrived to arrest him. He later admitted to police that he had been high on meth and didn't remember anything.
Valdez was taken to a local jail on a $125,000 bond.
Administrators for embattled luxury handbag retailer Oroton have told creditors they need more time to pursue a sale or recapitalisation of the business.
Oroton's first meeting with creditors was held in Sydney on Monday afternoon after the company went into voluntary administration on November 30.
Administrators Deloitte Restructuring Services partners Vaughan Strawbridge and Glen Kanevsky told creditors they have begun their investigation into Oroton's financial operations.
Mr Strawbridge also said prospective buyers have until December 20 to make an offer, however they will apply in the federal court for a 90-day extension to give them more time to work through sale and recapitalisation options.
He said interest from prospective buyers to date has been encouraging.
Oroton sank to a $14.3 million loss in the year to July 29, compared to a $3.4 million profit the previous year due to falling sales and a failed venture with US apparel brand Gap.
The group's 62 Oroton stores across Australia, New Zealand and Malaysia, which employ about 550 staff, continue to operate under the administrators.
Boaters are being urged to keep a lookout for an injured whale last seen entangled in ropes off Sydney's Bondi Beach after a wide-scale air and sea search was called off.
There have been no sightings of the 10-metre humpback since it was spotted by a whale-watching boat on Tuesday afternoon, when crew from that vessel managed to cut some of the ropes off.
The crew used a makeshift knife duct-taped to a long pole to achieve the task, but had to leave before the animal was entirely free, due to fading light.
Official search crews spent Wednesday resuming the search, with NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service saying finding the sub-adult mammal had been "like trying to find a needle in a haystack".
NPWS spokesman Lawrence Orel said on Thursday they will now rely on eyewitness-reports to find the whale, believed to be somewhere between Sydney and the Central Coast.
Usually, the prognosis for any marine fauna entangled in ropes is not good, but NPWS remains optimistic.
"Given some of the material was cut on Tuesday afternoon, (it is possible) that the remainder may have been able to come off the animal," Mr Orel told AAP.
The annual migration of humpback whales involves about 30,000 animals making the trip north to breed and is one of the largest wildlife migrations on the planet.
Mr Orel says the migration number is excellent, considering the whale population dropped to an estimated 500 before Australia banned whaling in the early 1960s.
March 28 Hundsun Technologies Inc :
* Says it will co-invest in a Beijing-based software firm, with Ningbo-based affiliated enterprise and a Hangzhou-based investment company
* Says it will boost capital of 12.2 million yuan and will hold 31 percent stake in the target company after transaction
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Bf5JGU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
At least 40 Asian elephants have died unnatural deaths in the last 100 days in India. Most of them were run over by speeding trains. The elephants are forced to create new corridors for movement as their natural habitats are being taken over by infrastructure projects.
New Delhi (Sputnik): Six endangered Asian elephants have been mowed down by a speeding train in India's northeastern state of Assam. The victims of Sunday night's accident included a pregnant elephant and its unborn baby. The baby reportedly ejected out of the mother's body when the speeding train hit them.
A herd of elephants was crossing the railway track in Balipara in Sonitpur district when Guwahati-Naharlagun Intercity Express ran over six of them. The Jumbos were reportedly returning to their nearby habitat after roaming the jungles for food. Last month, a speeding train had killed two elephants in the same zone.
"The accident happened due to the speeding train. We have been coordinating with the railways for the past one year to identify certain vulnerable tracks where the movement of elephants is quite frequent. Our officials have been coordinating with the railway staff in these vulnerable areas, but this accident has happened where such movements were rarely reported in the past" Davinder Suman, District Forest Officer, West Sonitpur told Sputnik.
The North Frontier Railway has claimed that it has been issuing temporary speed restrictions and caution orders from time to time whenever there is intimation from the forest officials about the movement of elephants near railway tracks. Permanent speed restrictions are also imposed on notified elephant corridors. "This particular incident did not happen in a notified elephant corridor," a railway official insisted.
© Photo: Chanda Singh Speeding Trains The Biggest Enemy of India's Endangered Asian Elephants
Earlier on the night of 5th December, a bigger accident was prevented between Jugijan and Hojai stations of Lumding Division due to prompt action by the railway and forest department saved a herd of 73 elephants from a collision with Dibrugarh — Amritsar Express.
Increasing man-animal conflict resulting in loss of natural habitats has caused the population of the endangered Asian elephants to steadily dwindle in the last few years.
Assam alone has lost about 40 elephants in past 100 days due to various reasons including the collision with trains, poisoning, electrocution etc. Last year alone 62 elephants died unnatural deaths. Most of them were hit by speeding trains.
"As the status of elephant corridors and forests are denuded, wild elephants are left with no choice but to look for other routes to go from one place to another in search of food. So, the earlier identified corridors have changed. Corridors under the current rate of habitat change may not be static. As such new paths used by wild elephants have to be monitored to save elephants from being hit by trains," Dr. Bibhab Talukdar, CEO, Aaranyak, leading wildlife NGO based in Guwahati told Sputnik.
Youtube / Ruptly TV Raging Elephant Terrorizes Indian Town
India is home to around 25000 of the total 41000 Asian elephants but the numbers are dwindling due to poaching and the destruction of natural habitats in the process to build infrastructure including railways. The Indian Railway has put a device that amplifies the honeybee sound to keep elephants off the railway tracks. It has been also monitoring the movement of elephants with drones but all these measures have proved futile as natural habitats are decreasing and elephants are forced to explore new areas for food.
The elephant is accorded the highest protection by India's Wildlife Protection Act (WPA), 1972. Moreover, the 'Asian elephants of Assam' have been declared 'endangered' by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
WELLINGTON/SYDNEY, April 6 thousand people at the top of New Zealand's North Island were told to evacuate on Thursday while an Australian town is forecast to be underwater later in the day as the tail end of Cyclone Debbie continues to cause major flooding.
The effects of the Category 4 storm, one level shy of the most powerful Category 5, are still being felt in both countries more than a week after it pounded Australia's Queensland state, killing six people, smashing tourist resorts, bringing down power lines and shutting down coal mines.
Scores of roads were closed or blocked by landslips across New Zealand's North Island following two days of heavy rainfall, although some areas had been given a reprieve from expected flash flooding. The international airport in the capital of Wellington was reopened on Thursday morning after the severe weather brought down air traffic systems late on Wednesday.
No deaths have been reported, but authorities continued to search for a man reported missing in a swollen river.
New Zealand's mountainous terrain makes its roads susceptible to landslides and many regions are still recovering from November's 7.8-magnitude quake.
Kaikoura, the coastal holiday town at the epicentre of that quake, was shut off from the rest of the country for the second time in six months as connecting roads were again hit by landslips.
In Australia, where the deluge was still flowing through tropical river systems, major flooding is forecast to hit the Queensland city of Rockhampton at lunchtime on Thursday and put the town underwater for two days.
Rockhampton's airport closed and authorities have built a temporary levee to protect streets from the slowly rising water. Residents sought shelter in evacuation centres, with some choosing the Fitzroy Hotel, a local pub on higher ground.
The Australian disaster zone stretched 1,000 km (600 miles) from Queensland's tropical resort islands and Gold Coast tourist strip to the farmlands of New South Wales state.
Australian insurers have declared the event a catastrophe likely to cost more than one billion dollars, with state officials saying recovery and repairs will take months. (Editing by James Dalgleish)
MCG Industries Source: MCG Industries (Pty) Ltd.
is a group of companies in South Africa, wholly owned by the British based Wassall Group. The South African operation, with four manufacturing sites, offers a world-wide network of highly respected agents and distributors able to meet the customer's every demand.
Products include:
Scroll for more content...
For Donald Trump, image is everything.
How you look is a major marker for how you will do in Trump's world. You need to look the part for him to imagine you in the job. Your personal story has to stand out in the crowd.
"Presentation is very important because you're representing America not only on the national stage but also the international stage, depending on the position," Jason Milller, a spokesman for the Trump transition, told The Washington Post way back in December 2016. Wrote WaPo's Philip Rucker and Karen Tumulty:
"To lead the Pentagon, Trump chose a rugged combat general, whom he compares to a historic one. At the United Nations, his ambassador will be a poised and elegant Indian American with a compelling immigrant backstory. As secretary of state, Trump tapped a neophyte to international diplomacy, but one whose silvery hair and boardroom bearing project authority."
That "central casting" view of the world goes for reality TV contestants, Cabinet picks and, yes, likely even Supreme Court justices.
By that logic, Trump's pick to replace retiring Justice Anthony Kennedy -- which he is set to announce July 9 -- is simple. It's Amy Coney Barrett.
Coney Barrett is, among other things:
A woman A mother of seven Young (in her mid-40s) A person of faith Reliably conservative, particularly on social issues
This, from CNN's Jeff Zeleny, speak to the casting-call nature of Trump's search:
"President Trump is increasingly intrigued about selecting the first female conservative Supreme Court justice, people familiar with the search say, repeatedly telling advisers that he likes the idea of making such a historic choice in a climate where women on the other side of the political aisle are playing such a pivotal role. ...'Can you imagine?' the president said with a smile during a conversation about the prospect of selecting a woman for the pivotal spot on the court."
If you combine Trump's love for making history (everything is record-setting or never been done before) with his emphasis on appearance (the next SCOTUS nominee has to have immaculate academic credentials, yes, but also, the robe simply has to look like she -- or he -- was born to wear it) then there is a big, flashing red arrow pointing at Coney Barrett.
Trump allies are insisting that he is poring over past decisions, judicial philosophies and the like in making the decision -- as this Bloomberg piece illustrates -- but if past is prologue, he will make a decision primarily on his gut, and his gut tends to be largely informed by the look of things.
That doesn't mean, however, that picking Coney Barrett would be without some strategic side benefits. The largest of those is the fact that she was confirmed by the Senate to the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals in October 2017. She received 55 votes, including from Democrats Joe Manchin (West Virginia), Joe Donnelly (Indiana) and Tim Kaine (Virginia) as well as several moderate Republicans like Shelley Moore Capito (West Virginia), Susan Collins (Maine) and Lisa Murkowski (Alaska).
While that group could make the argument that the Supreme Court is different than a Court of Appeals, it's a tough political position to be in given their past support. And a Coney Barrett nomination could also make life difficult for the likes of Democratic Sens. Heidi Heitkamp (North Dakota) and Claire McCaskill (Missouri), both of whom are running for reelection in states that Trump won by double digits in 2016.
In short: The Coney Barrett pick makes a whole lot of sense. (Maybe too much sense for someone who loves the expectation-upsetting swerve of a mid-season surprise...)
. @AlanDersh : I hope Trump picks a true conservative Supreme Court justice who elevates the rights of the individual over the power of government & who respects the president pic.twitter.com/CbZurrdM3l
On Tuesday's broadcast of the Fox News Channel's “Fox & Friends,” Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz said he hopes President Trump's Supreme Court pick is “a libertarian conservative, a true conservative,” who believes in individual rights and respects precedents.
Dershowitz said, “I hope he's looking for a libertarian conservative, a true conservative, who elevates the rights of individual over the power of government. A true conservative also respects precedent, doesn't come to the court with an agenda, with a list of issues that he wants to see changed. A true conservative is not a judicial activist. So, I think he can broaden his base, help unite the country, if he picks a true conservative, who really believes in liberty and who believes precedent. That's what true conservatism is on the bench.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
Scroll for more content...
Former White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci said he doesn't think Roe v. Wade will be overturned in the courts.
"I think the court recognizes that there are certain fundamental principles that are in place and certain presidential precedent-setting principles in place," Scaramucci said in an interview Tuesday morning with CNN's Alisyn Camerota on "New Day."
"So the court is a flexible. It's got a lot of neuroplasticity on that court. I do not see Roe v. Wade being overturned. I know there are conservatives out there that want it to be overturned but I just don't see it happening."
His comments come as President Donald Trump is set to announce his Supreme Court nominee on Monday. Should the President choose a conservative-leaning judge as expected, Roe v. Wade, the landmark 1973 case that upheld a woman's right to have an abortion, could be in jeopardy. After he was elected President, Trump said he would appoint judges who want to change the ruling and left open the possibility that it could be overturned.
Scaramucci, however, said the Supreme Court candidates on a list compiled by the Federalist Society, a nationwide organization of conservative lawyers, will respect precedent, calling Roe "sedimentary law."
"Thirty-five years ago, when I was in law school, the same argument came up during the Reagan administration. It didn't happen then and I predict it won't happen now," said Scaramucci, who noted that he is pro-abortion rights.
CNN Chief Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin, however, disagreed with Scaramucci.
"If you look at those four names that are the finalists, all of them will overturn Roe v. Wade," he said on "New Day."
"But now it's in their interest to sort of muddy the waters and say, 'Well, you know, they respect precedent,'" Toobin said. "No. They don't respect that precedent. Roe v. Wade is going to be overturned by one of those four people, along with four other justices on the court."
Today hundreds of teenage girls were out shopping for that perfect prom gown!
Desirae Duncan has the story of how a prom closet in Ocean Springs helped them say yes to the dress without spending a lot of cash.
Following the heinous attack on concert goers in Las Vegas, numerous Republican politicians were quick to raise their hands and voice openness to gun control via a bump stock ban.
These politicians include House members, Senators, and two Governors. Their efforts revolve around the bump stock, an AR-15 accessory that the Vegas attacker used criminally in his attack on innocents. Contrary to numerous reports from the establishment media, the bump stock is an accessory rather a conversion device, which is why the ATF approved it.
advertisement
Yet a number of Republicans have lined up to ban the devices, effectively punishing law-abiding device owners for the heinous actions of one criminal.
Here is a list of the GOP gun control supporters:
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wisc.) – On October 5 Speaker Ryan said legislation banning bump stocks is “clearly” something Congress much look into. Rep. Bill Flores (R-TX) – Flores admitted he did not know what a bump stock was until this week, yet he says he looked into them and is backing gun control via a ban on them. Rep. Kevin Yoder (R-KS) – On October 5 Yoder put out a press release in which he inaccurately claimed that bump stocks “convert legal firearms into an automatic weapon.” They do not. They are an accessory, not a conversion device. Nevertheless, Yoder supports gun control via a ban on the devices. Rep. Mark Meadow (R-NC) – Meadows is the head of Freedom Caucus and according to the New York Times, he “would be open to considering a bill” that bans bump stocks. Rep. Carlos Curbelo (R-FL) – NYT reports that Curbelo is drafting gun control legislation to ban bump stocks. Sen. John Cornyn (R-TX) – On October 4 Breitbart News reported that Cornyn said a hearing on a bump stock ban would be “worthwhile.” Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wisc.) – On October 4 Politico reported that Johnson said, “Automatic weapons are illegal. If … [the bump stock] facilitates that, to me it would be subject to the same ban. If that actually gets on the Senate floor, I'd vote for it.” Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) – NYT reports Graham “would be open to considering legislation on bump stocks.” Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-UT) – NYT reports Hatch “would be open to considering legislation on bump stocks.” Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) – Rubio said he and his colleagues “would always be open” to addressing “vulnerabilities in federal law.” Gov. John Kasich (R-OH) – During an October 5 on CBS This Morning, Kasish was asked if he supported gun control via a ban on bump stocks and he said, “Oh, yeah of course.”
These GOP politicians are joined by numerous Democrat office holders, including Rep. David Cicilline (D-R.I.) and Paul Tonko (D-NY), Senators Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) and Chuck Schumer (D-NY), and Gov. Jay Inslee (D-WA).
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
An Internet company has installed transmitters on the head of the statue, providing Internet to nearby villages.
Several Internet antennas have recently been discovered by a group of local journalists on top of a statue of Jesus Christ located in Świebodzin, Poland, local web portals Fakt 24 and Polsat News reported.
The equipment placed inside the crown on the statue's head, at an altitude of 50 meters, are clearly visible on panorama pictures made by the reporters with the help of drones.
Gigantyczna figura Chrystusa ze Świebodzina skrywa w koronie coś, co pozwala na niej zarabiać: anteny 👑💰💰 Z dołu ich nie widać, ale zobaczcie nagranie z drona oraz to, co udało się ustalić reporterom @FAKT24PL #Onet100 pic.twitter.com/l2VtvTZ8a4 — Onet100 (@Onet_100) 24 апреля 2018 г.
A representative of the Internet provider confirmed that the transmitter distributes Internet to the nearest villages.
One of the world's tallest statues of Jesus Christ in Świebodzin, Poland, has technical equipment inside the crown which is used for broadcasting the internet to nearby Villages pic.twitter.com/3swCVkenSE — The Psychogeographical Commission (@psychcomm) 24 апреля 2018 г.
He refused to disclose the details of the contract, but said that the local church needed the network for a video surveillance system, adding that the agreement is completely legal.
Local church or authorities have not made any official announcements on the issue.
How many people can you hold while doing a plank exercise? Challenged by Russian mixed martial artist Alexander Emelianenko, Ramzan Kadyrov proved to be an unbeaten plank guru, as he lifts four men with a total weight of a whopping 291 kilos!
Alexander Emelianenko, a Russian MMA fighter, and the Head of Russia's Chechen Republic Ramzan Kadyrov have recently pitted their strength against each other in an unusual challenge, which involves a plank exercise with weights.
Emelianenko, who currently trains at the Chechnya-based "Akhmat" fight club, posted a video to his Instagram account, showing him holding a plank with another Akhmat fighter on his back — Rakhman Dudaev, whose weight is 75 kilograms.
Публикация от Alex Emelianenko (@alexemelyanenko) Дек 8 2017 в 6:49 PST
Kadyrov, who is known for his passionate love of sports, decided to take on this challenge and repeated the exercise but with two men on his back.
Публикация от Ramzan Kadyrov (@kadyrov_95) Дек 8 2017 в 4:02 PST
The 36-year-old MMA fighter didn't give up and increased the weights too — this time, Emelianenko managed to keep three people on his back. "Ramzan Akhmatovich, you motivate us! Thank you for what you do for the fighters of the Akhmat club!" the athlete wrote under the video of his new attempt.
Публикация от Alex Emelianenko (@alexemelyanenko) Дек 9 2017 в 3:05 PST
The 41-year-old head of Chechnya then repeated the same stunt with four men weighing a total of 291 kilograms. "Sports are life, joy, strength and health! This is also an incentive to strive for new heights, achievements, success, for which it is necessary to work a lot and a lot," Kadyrov captioned his video.
Публикация от Ramzan Kadyrov (@kadyrov_95) Дек 9 2017 в 1:18 PST
Admitting his defeat, Emelianenko recorded a video, saying: "Ramzan Akhmatovich, hats off to you! I won't be able to lift more than you did!"
Публикация от Alex Emelianenko (@alexemelyanenko) Дек 10 2017 в 4:21 PST
Alexander Emelianenko, the younger brother of Russian heavyweight legend Fedor Emelianenko, is a three-time Russian national Combat Sambo champion and three-time world Combat Sambo champion in the absolute division. After an enforced three-year hiatus due to a sexual assault conviction which landed him in prison, Emelianenko made a comeback in professional MMA taking on Brazilian veteran Geronimo Dos Santos in a heavyweight bout in September 2017. In October, Emelianenko signed a contract with the "Akhmat" fight club based in Grozny.
Already gave up on your New Year's resolutions? That's okay because we have a new one you'll totally keep: let 2018 be the year you perfect the smoky eye with help from Patrick Ta. The ultimate red carpet glam guru who works with Shay Mitchell, Chrissy Teigen, The Kardashian Krew, and more stars, broke down the sultry, dark bronze smoky look he does on some of his biggest clients. Watch the How It's Done video above for his secrets, and shop his must-have products below.
First, Ta begins with clean, moisturized skin, prepping the lids with La Mer concealer to camouflage any redness or discoloration, and then locks it in place with translucent powder. The pro explains that only applies concealer to the eyes before applying a bold eye look. Once he's done, he'll go back and clean up any fallout before perfecting the skin.
BEAT For The GODS @shaymitchell 👊🏼 A post shared by Patrick Ta (@patrickta) on May 7, 2017 at 8:00pm PDT
RELATED PHOTOS: The Best Beauty Product Launches of 2018
After the eyes are prepped, Ta moves on to the shadow, applying a taupe shadow from the Tarte Tartelette Toasted palette all over the lids, blending up to the brow bone. He then goes in with a darker, shimmery bronze shade, which he applies with a thin brush along the top lash line, before adding dark brown eyeliner along the top and bottom lash lines and smudging it out with a brush.
Ta then applies a copper metallic shade on the lids to make the eyes pop, and layers bronze metallic hue under the lash line, smoking it out. To finish the look, he applies Gigi Hadid's Maybelline mascara and a nude lip.
C# Developer
ENVIRONMENT:
A company based in Cape Town who provides business solutions to their clients in Finance and Investment Management are looking for a C# Developer with proficiency in WCF, WPF, WinForms, MVC/MVP/MVVM UI patters and a University Degree. Experience with 2rd party UI Toolkits (DevExpress, Infragistics, Xamarin etc) is beneficial.
DUTIES:
Implement User Interfaces for the Application
Implement a testing framework for User Interfaces
Release Management (Installers using WiX) REQUIREMENTS:
Technical skill set:
Proficiency in C# .NET (3+ years)
Proficiency in WPF and Windows Forms (3+ years)
Proficiency in MVC/MVP/MVVM UI Patterns
A solid software development background in data structures, algorithms and design patterns
Skilled at navigating/using Microsoft Windows and Office
Competency in Microsoft SQL
Competency in WCF
A University Degree
Nice to Have: Experience with 3rd party UI toolkits (DevExpress, Infragistics, Xamarin etc)
The candidate will also have need to have:
Excellent comprehension in areas of logic and mathematics
A passion to learn and extend knowledge outside of the work sphere
The ability to self-manage
The ability to communicate clearly, communicate with clients and be part of a team.
While we would really like to respond to every application, should you not be contacted for this position within
Learn more/Apply for this position
Heavy snow has struck the Moscow region, as people struggle to make their way through large snowdrifts. Local authorities efficiently cleaning away the intense falling snow have reported large traffic jams, stranded airport passengers, and dozens of fallen trees. Meteorologists warn that is only the beginning.
According to Moscow authorities, record snowfalls such as the current blizzard occur once in a century. Current temperatures in the central region are barely above 0 degrees Celsius, not Arctic-level cold, but city residents are barely making their way through the snowy streets.
Local media reports dozens of fallen trees in some parts of the city, while some districts in the greater Moscow Region have reportedly suffered electricity outages.
#снегопад #сказочно #повезло Публикация от Андрей (@andreibokohod180sx) Фев 3, 2018 at 11:32 PST
Meanwhile, the number of flights delayed in Moscow airports on Saturday over bad weather conditions has reached 120, while at least 16 have been canceled.
One flight from Vnukovo, and a reported 15 others from Domodedovo were canceled.
An estimated 22 flights have been delayed at Vnukovo airport, 15 in Domodedovo, and 83 in Sheremetyevo. Some hardy citizens nonetheless are enjoying the scenic views caused by the foul weather.
​
Meteorologist forecast that record blizzard will continue Sunday and Monday, possibly ending with freezing temperatures and clear weather. No casualties or serious incidents have been reported since the outbreak of the snowstorm. Schools as well as other municipal and governmental offices are functioning normally.
Публикация от Dmitry Evgen'evich (@medbrat_tm) Фев 3, 2018 at 2:26 PST
Local municipal services mobilized snow cleaning equipment and resources to fight the consequences of the storm. Authorities recommend avoiding long walking trips around the city and its outskirts as well as planning safe travel routes in advance to avoid possible risk.
The current temperature in Moscow is hovering just above 0 degrees Celsius, as heavy snow showers continue unabated.
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb condemns the violence, saying 'all the necessary resources' were being mobilized to 'calm the situation and prevent any further incidents'
Published 10:30 PM, July 04, 2018
NANTES, France – French authorities called for calm on Wednesday, July 4, after riots erupted in the western city of Nantes following a deadly police shooting, highlighting simmering tensions in deprived urban areas.
Rioters set fire to some 30 cars and several buildings on Tuesday night after news spread that an officer had shot dead a 22-year-old man after stopping his car.
Youths threw Molotov cocktails and clashed with police in the northwestern neighbourhood of Breil where the shooting happened before the unrest spread to two other poor districts.
Burned-out cars and splintered glass from smashed windows littered the streets on Wednesday morning.
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb condemned the violence saying "all the necessary resources" were being mobilized to "calm the situation and prevent any further incidents".
The young man's car had been under surveillance as part of a drug-trafficking investigation, a police source said.
Officers approached him at around 8.30 pm and found he was not wearing a seatbelt or carrying an ID card.
"The driver reversed into a police officer while trying to flee," the source said. "His colleague opened fire."
The youngster was hit in the carotid artery and died in hospital two hours later.
Contradictory accounts
Some local residents have angrily contested the police account of the killing.
A woman who filmed the incident, who wished to remain anonymous, said "there were no police behind the car, he didn't hit anyone. There was only the one gunshot."
Another person who said they witnessed the arrest said the young man had handed over his ID documents.
A national watchdog which investigates claims of police wrongdoing is investigating to clarify "the facts and determine in what circumstances the policeman used his weapon," Nantes prosecutor Pierre Sennes said.
The driver had been wanted by police in Creteil, near Paris, for robbery and other offences, Sennes said.
The officer who shot him has been placed under psychological evaluation, local authorities said.
'Sweet guy'?
French police have a long history of strained relations with youths in poor, immigrant-heavy suburbs -- not least since the death of two teenagers, electrocuted while hiding from officers, sparked nationwide riots in 2005.
Injuries suffered by a young black man during his arrest by police last February – which saw him suffer severe anal injuries caused by a truncheon – sparked fresh unrest last year.
In January, the government vowed a crackdown on urban violence after shocking video footage emerged of a policewoman being beaten by a crowd in the Paris suburbs on New Year's Eve.
Breil, the Nantes neighbourhood where Tuesday's shooting occurred, is a socially mixed district home to a large housing estate with a history of gang violence.
Police had boosted their presence in the area after a series of violent incidents in recent days.
Malakoff and Dervallieres, the other two areas hit by rioting, have been plagued by drugs and poverty for years.
They fall into a category of problem neighbourhoods which are set to receive extra police help from September under reforms by President Emmanuel Macron.
Local residents on Wednesday expressed anger over the killing.
"It's like this in every neighbourhood of France. The easiest thing for the police is to shoot. It's unacceptable," one woman said.
Another, who gave her name as Fabiola, added: "He wasn't armed. We're scared -- this could happen to anyone."
A young man who gave his name as Chris told local paper Ouest France that the victim was "a sweet guy" who "always had a smile on his face".
"I knew him well. He was from Paris but he'd lived here for a while, he had family here. For us, he was a kid from the neighbourhood," he said.
Nationally, French police have complained of coming under increasing strain in recent years, with a parliamentary report released Tuesday detailing high suicide rates within the force. – Rappler.com
Over the last several weeks, there have been several announcements from the state's gas line corporation.
The Alaska Gasline Development Corporation spent at least $2 million marketing Alaska's megaproject this year. And so far, it has signed agreements to explore the project with potential partners and possible customers in China, South Korea, Japan and Vietnam.
It has spent another $1 million on promotional handouts, trade shows and communications.
But, back in Alaska lawmakers are still pushing for more. They're asking questions about the money being spent and what may come back in to the state.
The state's gasline corporation has a transparency problem. It's either being forced to give up too much information, hurting its chances of being competitive in the global liquefied natural gas market. Or, the corporation with the highest paid state employee at its helm, isn't disclosing enough about what it's doing with the state's money.
This isn't a new argument. The 40-year history of the Alaska North Slope gas project has become something of a political football, never making it into the end zone. But, it's communication issue is relatively new since the state got involved as a project partner several years ago.
It came up during a Dec. 7 board of directors meeting.
“You know, it's interesting to me that you believe, I believe, the board believes, the governor believes, the president believes that this project is real,” said board member Marc Luiken. “And really, China. You know, entities in China, entities in Korea, Japan, Vietnam, believe this project is real.”
He said in Alaska, it seems that people don't believe the project is real. He said that calls for a deliberate, aggressive communication strategy.
“The commercial effort, the regulatory effort, the engineering effort, are all very important also,” Luiken said. “But we need to help Alaskans believe this project is real.”
But transparency is a fundamental tension of a public corporation. It's supposed to act like a business. That means some things have to be secret. But, it's spending the state's money. That means that some things can't be secret.
Calls for transparency and more information have gotten louder since the state took over the project from North Slope oil and gas producers a year ago. They've gotten so loud that last year, the legislator who helped to create the state corporation, launched an audit of its spending.
Sen. Anna MacKinnon, R-Eagle River, chairs the Senate Finance committee. She said her committee has been asking the same questions for a long time. How much will the state's gas be worth? And, after all of that debt is paid, what will be left for Alaskans?
So far?
“We are not getting the information that we've requested,” MacKinnon said. “You certainly don't want to show your hand in the cost scenario when you're negotiating with someone. These are sensitive issues. But the finance committee is going to need to see those numbers.”
What's left over once the owners of the gas and the project financiers take their cut — that's an important number for lawmakers. It helps them decide whether the pipeline and LNG export project is a good deal for the state.
The state's share of the profit happens to be one of the few things corporation can play with to cut the price of gas to Asian buyers. Cutting the state's share lowers the cost to LNG customers and makes it more competitive in a tough market.
MacKinnon said, she wants to see the bottom line.
Putting the state's money on the line in a multi-billion commercial project, that's a hard choice for a lot of lawmakers. It's unfamiliar territory. It's relatively easy to the see the benefit of putting state money into a highway or a school. Pumping millions, maybe billions, in to a giant risky gasline isn't as clear-cut.
“I want to see that there's a profitable project here,” MacKinnon said. “And I need some guarantee — from someone that the finance committee believes — that this project can economically benefit the people of Alaska.”
That sentiment of wanting more detailed financial information from the gasline corporation, it's not universal.
Rep. Geran Tarr, D-Anchorage, said some of the information lawmakers are asking for, it just isn't possible to know until the final contracts are drawn up.
“At some point we do have to trust that these are professionals that know how to do the day to day management,” Tarr said. “Because really, the state legislature cannot micromanage this project, right?”
That's not to say that Tarr has no questions for the corporation. But, she's thinking about ways she can get them answered that won't require divulging them to the public.
“I'm considering signing a confidentiality agreement so that I can see more of the paperwork,” she said.
Other lawmakers have done it. According to the corporation, Senate Resources chair Cathy Giessel, R-Anchorage, and her staff member Akis Gialopsos have signed them. So has Bruce Tangeman, a staff member for Sen. Pete Kelly, R-Fairbanks. So far, none of them have requested access to any further information, according to an email from the Governor's office.
But, it's not likely that the tension over what should be communicated — and what shouldn't — is going to ease up anytime soon.
That breakdown in communication, it came up again this week.
This past Monday evening, about a dozen lawmakers legislators gathered in person and by phone at a three-hour House Resources Committee meeting in Anchorage, to hear an update from the state corporation. At about 8 p.m., two hours into the meeting, Rep. Lance Pruitt, R-East Anchorage, asked a question.
Not about finances or transparency. This one was about basic project management and construction cost risk.
“What happened to FEED?” Pruitt said.
That's Front End Engineering and Design. It's basically all of the homework that has to get done before you start building a project. It's the final blueprint and every construction detail, schedule and cost estimate. The more time you spend on it, the fewer surprises there are on the test. In this case, Alaska's final exam grade is based on the risk of construction delays cost overruns.
Before the state took over, this was supposed to be a two-year process that could cost more than $1 billion to get through. At the end of it, project partners would look at the data and make a final go or no-go decision.
But, when the state took over, the model changed. Corporation President Keith Meyer said now, instead of doing the engineering and design work in-house they're planning to wrap it all into the construction bid. Basically, the state will get a final investment decision from its partners. Then it'll ask for what it wants built, the contractor will engineer the job and put it together.
That didn't sit well with Pruitt.
“This is a huge, huge change. I mean, I understand what you're indicating,” Pruitt said. “But, the turnkey might work for an LNG plant. But, we're talking about an 800 mile pipeline. You can't turnkey that thing.”
Meyer said there are pros and cons to both models. But, either way, Pruitt said that change should have been communicated clearly.
“We are the decision-makers ultimately. We're the ones that are going to commit the billions of dollars that are necessary. They've got to communicate to us,” he said in a later interview.
So far, all of the state corporation's agreements have been non-binding. None of the potential partners or customers are spending money to move the project forward. And that leaves lawmakers to decide if they want to put more money into the effort.
But so far, many lawmakers have said they aren't sure the project is far enough along to merit getting any more money.
April 12 Altisource Residential Corp:
* Altisource Residential -on April 6, 2017, RESI TL1 Borrower LLC entered into credit and security agreement with American Money Management Corporation
* Altisource Residential Corp - term loan agreement has a maturity date of April 6, 2022 and a fixed interest rate of 5.00 pct
* Altisource Residential-pursuant to term loan agreement,borrower borrowed $100.0 million to finance ownership,operation of single-family rental properties
* Altisource Residential- on April 6, co through units,amended,extended existing $250 million loan, security agreement with Nomura Corporate Funding Americas
* Altisource Residential Corp - under amendment agreement, company and Nomura extended termination date of facility by one year to April 5, 2018
* Altisource Residential Corp - under amendment agreement, co and Nomura increased uncommitted maximum borrowing amount to $100 million Source text for Eikon:(bit.ly/2oZ1AXL) Further company coverage:
February 15, 2017
by Canadian Manufacturing.com Staff
KITCHENER, Ont.—Ontario-based autonomy firm Clearpath Robotics has got its foot—or self-driving wheels—in the door at a Toyota Motor Corp. manufacturing plant in the southern U.S.
The company's industrial subsidiary, Otto Motors, announced Feb. 15 one of its autonomous vehicles will begin delivering tires to assembly workers on the line at the Japanese automaker's Corolla plant in Blue Springs, Mississippi.
Known as the Otto 1500, the knee-high palette-moving robot can move 1,500 kilograms. In this case, Clearpath said the vehicle will make up the last leg of an automated tire delivery system—after other machinery has unstacked the tires and loaded them onto conveyors.
“Toyota has set the standard in lean manufacturing principles and we're very proud that Otto has been selected as a means to drive lean, flexible material transport for the Mississippi plant,” Simon Drexler, director of Industrial Solutions at Otto Motors, said in a statement.
Designed to move material inside, the Otto vehicles use LiDAR sensors to see the surrounding area and incorporate obstacle avoidance, dynamic path planning, and passive suspension software. The 1500 can run for about six hours on a single battery change, while its much small cousin can run for four hours and move 100 kilograms.
John Deere and GE Healthcare are among the companies currently using the industrial robot.
Though the Toyota deal currently involves just a single Otto, Drexler said the initial vehicle could lead to further opportunities at the Mississippi facility.
Attention drivers: If you are looking for an alternate route off of I-20 this morning, County Road 411 is open.
The Smith County Road and Bridge Department has been receiving calls about rumors that it is closed, according to the Smith County Fire Marshal's Office. CR 411, which runs parallel to Toll 49, is open for detours from construction on I-20.
Commuters should expect major traffic delays this week after the closure of I-20 Sunday afternoon.
The Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) closed I-20 to traffic at FM 849 at Hideaway, noon Sunday through Wednesday morning, for the demolition of the bridge that sustained major structural damage last month. I-20 eastbound and westbound at this location will be closed with traffic reduced to one lane in each direction on the ramps. TxDOT officials said motorists should use alternate routes to avoid the extreme delays expected during this work.
Read more here.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
[India], Feb 4. (ANI): Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP Prahlad Joshi on Saturday complained about receiving threatening letters from unknown people.
According to the complaint, the Dharwad MP was instructed not to speak against Congress leader Vinay Kulkarni.
Vinay Kulkarni is the minister for Mines and Geology in the Karnataka government. (ANI)
Halton police have charged a Burlington father after the sudden death of his toddler last week.
Police received a 911 call from a "hysterical" man around 5:30 p.m. last Wednesday after a three-year-old boy's lifeless body was found in the back of a grey Ford Escape that was parked in the lot behind Crossroads Christian Communication on North Service Road at Kerns Road.
Despite resuscitative efforts, he was pronounced dead at the scene.
An autopsy conducted the following day determined the preliminary cause of death to be hyperthermia, consistent with the child being left in a hot car for an extended period of time.
The situation has played out tit-for-tat: North Korea insists the US is the aggressor, and that it has considered striking pre-emptively, even though its most recent missile test reportedly failed. The US sees North Korea as a rogue state that threatens the American homeland and America's allies, such as South Korea, Japan, Australia or China.
The Japanese parliament has crafted measures to handle the protection of rights for newcomers, arrival protocols, temporary building shelters, and techniques for screening new entrants. About 60,000 Japanese nationals currently reside in South Korea. They are multiple actions Tokyo must take care of "in case of evacuees to Japan, such as protecting them, a process of landing, housing facilities and their management, and a screening whether our nations should protect them," Abe said.
The international community has been virtually unanimous in denouncing North Korea's nuclear weapons program. "We'll closely cooperate with the US and South Korea to change" the posture of North Korea, Abe said.
US Vice President Mike Pence said in comments Monday that the US would no longer follow a policy of “strategic patience” with regard to North Korea as previous administrations have done. "All options" are on the table, Pence emphasized, adding that diplomatic solutions are obviously preferable.
One issue that has come up is North Korea's unwillingness to sit down at the negotiating table to work on a denuclearization agreement, like what Washington and Moscow have done with projects like START and New START.
It'd be futile to engage "dialogue for the sake of dialogue," Pence noted. "We need to put pressure on North Korea so that it will seriously respond to calls for dialogue," he said.
After two weeks of fruitless searches, when his Norwegian owners gave up all hope, Pus the Cat surfaced in Iceland, in a stunning re-enactment of a Viking-era journey inside a container.
Seven-year-old Pus was known to his owners in the Norwegian city of Ålesund as a couch potato, who hardly ever left his home. When he suddenly disappeared in early June, his owners initiated a search operation that involved asking neighbors and posting photographs on a Facebook page for missing animals, Norwegian broadcaster NRK reported.
"We were rummaging roadside and the ditches. We hung announcements, asked the neighbors to check their garages, but no one had seen Pus," owner Grete Hove explained.
When she began reconciling herself with the death of her beloved pet, Pus was miraculously found in Iceland. An Icelandic family in the neighborhood was going back to Iceland and was in the process of emptying their house. The four-legged adventurer managed to sneak into a furniture container unnoticed and survived a shipment by boat. When Aldis Gunnarsdóttir and Baldvin Johnsen opened the container back in Iceland after two weeks, they immediately noticed cat hair everywhere. Pus looked terrified, was emaciated and had lost a lot of hair, but was alive.
READ MORE: Cats Hitched a Ride on Viking Ships, DNA Study Shows
Gunnarsdóttir had posted an announcement on Facebook and quickly had her suspicions confirmed. It was their former neighbor's cat. In a matter of several days, during which Pus was fed Icelandic ham, he was back in Norway.
​"He has bigger eyes and feels lighter to bear. He has had a lot to endure, and the Icelandic veterinary authorities have been very helpful in getting the cat back," owner Frank-Martin Vonheim told NRK, having picked Pus up at Gardermoen Airport in Oslo.
In commemoration of the Icelandic journey, the Norwegian couple wants to give the cat a new name.
"When we were interviewed by Icelandic TV, they thought the cat should have a warrior-like name. They suggested Snorri, a former Icelandic warrior, and we think it's very good," Vonheim said.
The owners don't plan to restrict Snorri, arguing that the perilous journey made him more careful.
The Celtics miss Kyrie Irving and Marcus Morris due to injuries
Published 12:33 PM, December 12, 2017
CHICAGO, USA - The Chicago Bulls took full advantage of Kyrie Irving's absence to romp to a 108-85 blowout against the Boston Celtics on Monday, December 11 (Tuesday Manila time).
Nikola Mirotic scored 24 points while Bobby Portis added 23 as the Bulls (6-20) stunned the Eastern Conference-leading Celtics.
Boston's preparations had been jolted after star point guard Irving was ruled out with a thigh injury just before the game in Chicago.
With forward Marcus Morris also missing with a sore left knee, the Celtics were forced to field an under-strength team just 24 hours after facing Detroit on Sunday.
The Bulls exploited Boston's makeshift line-up to full effect, with Mirotic producing a dominant display which also included 8 rebounds.
David Nwaba had 13 points while Kris Dunn had 12 points for Chicago.
Al Horford led the Boston scoring with 15 points, one of 5 Celtics players in double figures.
Boston fell to 23-6 with the defeat but remain secure on top of the Eastern Conference table with Toronto (17-7) their nearest rivals.
Boston had led 29-28 after the first quarter but Chicago romped clear in the second, surging into a 56-42 lead at the half.
Chicago managed to keep Boston at arm's length through the third quarter, maintaining a 15-point cushion at 78-63 heading into the fourth.
Chicago kept up the pressure in the final quarter, outscoring Boston by eight points to close out a deserved win. – Rappler.com
BRIEF-KHC acquires 7% stake in Careem for $62m
* Kingdom Holding Co - transaction makes KHC one of the largest holders of preferred shares in Careem and will grant KHC a board seat on Careem's board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: [Kingdom Holding Co]
Scroll for more content...
A second town mayor in the Philippines has been shot and killed by an unknown assailant, a day after one was assassinated by a sniper in a brazen daylight attack.
Mayor Ferdinand Bote of the town of General Tinio in Nueva Ecija province was gunned down by a motorcycle-riding suspect in nearby Cabanatuan City on Tuesday afternoon, police told CNN Philippines.
Bote appears to have been the victim of a drive-by shooting, in which he was struck multiple times, while riding in his beige Toyota Fortuner, according to the police report.
Bote was declared dead on arrival at MV Gallego hospital and an investigation has been launched.
"We assure everyone that we would discharge the state obligation for every murder. We will spare no effort in getting to the bottom of this latest violent crime," presidential spokesperson Harry Roque said.
The killing comes just over 24 hours after Tanauan City Mayor Antonio Halili was killed by a single shot to the chest while attending a flag-raising ceremony.
Halili was a controversial ally of President Rodrigo Duterte who gained notoriety for his policy of parading people arrested for drug offenses.
It was revealed Monday that Halili had been stripped of his authority over local police in October 2017 on an order from the Department of Interior, according to Police Chief Superintendent Renato Mercado.
He also appeared to have been placed on a "narco list" -- a list of people allegedly associated with the drug trade -- by the National Police Commission, Philippines News Agency reported. But, according to CNN Philippines, the administration had been provided with incorrect information, his family said.
It is unclear if the two deaths are linked.
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — Under pressure all weekend, President Donald Trump on Monday named and condemned hate groups as "repugnant" and declared "racism is evil" in an updated, more forceful statement on the deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump had been under increasing pressure to call out the groups by name after his previous remarks bemoaning violence on "many sides" prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats. The president described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as "criminals and thugs" in a prepared statement from the White House.
In his remarks he also called for unity.
"We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans," he said.
His attorney general, Jeff Sessions, said earlier Monday that the violence in which a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters, killing one person, "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute."
He told ABC's "Good Morning America": "You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
Sessions said he expects to hear more from Trump on the matter after meeting with him Monday, as well as officials from the FBI. The president added a late-morning meeting with Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray to his Monday schedule.
"We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility," Sessions told "CBS This Morning."
In the hours after the incident on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
Keith Urban has praised his wife Nicole Kidman after she bagged herself a 2018 Golden Globe nomination.
The 50-year-old actress found herself nominated for best performance by an actress in a limited series or motion picture for her role in 'Big Little Lies' when the nominees for the award ceremony were announced on Monday (11.12.17), as well as being honoured with the best television limited series or motion picture made for television nomination for HBO series 'Top of the Lake: China Girl', which she also starred in.
And now, her husband and musician Keith Urban - with whom she has daughters Sunday, nine, and Faith, six - has said he is "incredibly proud" of his spouse.
Taking to Twitter to share his excitement, he wrote: "Hey baby- CONGRATULATIONS on all the GLOBES love this morn!!!!!!
"Incredibly proud of you, the work, and
"all the BLL and TOTL team.
"THE STARS ALIGNED!!! xxxxxx - KU #GoldenGlobes (sic)"
The couple - who have been married for 11 years - often gush over one another and make no secret of the pride they have for each other.
Recently, Nicole took to social media to pay tribute to her 50-year-old spouse in honour of his birthday, where she dubbed him "the greatest man in the world".
She wrote: "Happy birthday to my husband, best friend, lover, baby daddy and the greatest man in the world. We are so lucky that you are ours. Love you from Nicole Mary, Sunday Rose & Faith Margaret xx (sic)"
For two lucky babies, every day is Halloween once October rolls around.
Lauren Mancke — a designer, entrepreneur and costume connoisseur from Columbia, South Carolina — is making custom Halloween outfits during all of October for her 8-month-old twin girls, Lera and Marigold, using items she has laying around the house.
“I always loved making costumes when I was a kid,” Mancke, 32, tells PEOPLE. “When I was a kid I never bought a costume, I always made it. I've always been a fan of Halloween, and I just love homemade costumes.”
The project started with her 3-year-old son, Fox, back in 2015, when Mancke posted a collection of pictures featuring the then 16-month-old in fun costumes based off of popular television shows and classic movies, like Reno 911, Back to the Future and Indiana Jones.
“I felt he was going to want to choose his own costumes soon,” Mancke recalls, “so I was trying to get all of that Halloween craftiness out of me while he was still a baby!”
Mancke skipped the following year because she was pregnant with the twins and needed some well-deserved rest, but now she's spending a few hours every morning making two outfits for little Lera and Marigold. Once the twins are dressed up, Mancke gives the girls some cereal puffs to distract them long enough to take a photo, which she'll post on her Instagram page to showcase her creations.
“I've just been doing it here and there — with twins, you don't have a lot of time!” Mancke says while laughing. “I've been making the costumes in the morning and shooting them after they had their first nap, so they're in a good mood.”
The project leaves her with a ton of leftover costumes, so Mancke recently started a #ManckeMonthofCostumes campaign to give away some of the outfits in the lead-up to Halloween.
October is still just beginning, and there are a lot of costumes to go, but Mancke says one set of costumes she has in mind will be based on a popular HBO show — so stay tuned.
The crafty mom says she hopes she can inspire other parents to venture into DIY costume-making, and, most of all, she hopes her pictures can bring a smile to those who see them.
“If it makes people happy, that's the main thing for me,” she says. “It makes me happy to make them, and if it makes other people happy, that's really why I want to do it.”
Las Vegas investor arrested near Yellowstone
BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) — A Las Vegas investor who owes $2.2 billion to a Nevada company was arrested in Montana near Yellowstone National Park on a bench warrant from a federal bankruptcy court.
The Billings Gazette reports 47-year-old Raymond Ngan was arrested in Gardiner last week and appeared in federal court in Billings on Monday.
According to court documents, the bankruptcy court in Las Vegas issued the contempt of court order last month after Ngan failed to appear for three hearings.
A Nevada court ruled last year that Ngan owed more than $2.2 billion to First 100 LLC.
Ngan told Judge Timothy Cavan at the hearing Monday that he had been unaware of the court orders.
The judge ordered Ngan to be released, saying he did not have authority to hold him.
___
Information from: The Billings Gazette, http://www.billingsgazette.com
April 28 Luxottica founder Leonardo Del Vecchio tells shareholder meeting:
* rules out dual listing of EssilorLuxottica after tie-up
* Del Vecchio, speaking in his capacity as shareholder of UniCredit, also says has subscribed to the bank's capital increase and now has stake of just under 2 pct in the lender Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
× Federal ICE agents arrest Mexican immigrant ‘dreamer' in Seattle — may be first case in country
SEATTLE (AP) — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by the Obama administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country.
Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams told The Associated Press Tuesday that 23-year-old Daniel Ramirez Medina was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. Adams says he believes the young man was apprehended by mistake.
Adams says agents were at the Seattle home to arrest the man's father and that they took both men into custody. Ramirez Medina has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. He's being held in Tacoma.
Adams says the man is the first person he knows of with DACA status who has been detained.
Former Seattle Mayor Mike McGinn and Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., tweeted about the case Tuesday
Lived here since age 7. Now a parent of a three year old boy. No criminal record. A work permit under DACA. Deporting him is wrong. https://t.co/FYdG4wzWGt — Mike McGinn (@mayormcginn) February 15, 2017
https:
THE Trump administration plans to nominate Admiral Harry Harris, the proposed next US ambassador to Australia, to instead fill the long-vacant post of ambassador to South Korea instead, a senior US official said.
Another source with knowledge of the situation said US President Donald Trump's nominee to be secretary of state, Mike Pompeo, had asked Admiral Harris to take the post in Seoul, which has been vacant since Mr Trump took office in January last year.
Both sources spoke on condition of anonymity.
Camera Icon In-coming US Ambassador to Australia, US Pacific Commander Admiral Harry Harris meeting with Defence Minister Marise Payne. Picture: News Corp Australia, Kym Smith
There was no immediate comment from the White House.
In February, President Donald Trump named US Pacific Commander Admiral Harry Harris as his pick to serve as the American ambassador to Australia.
It was an appointment welcomed by Australia.
“He's well known to us. He's a highly decorated naval commander and we look forward to his Senate confirmation proceeding,” Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said at the time.
MUNICH May 3 The German insurance giant Allianz on Wednesday confirmed its guidance for 2017 as it reported robust key figures for the first quarter.
"Our first quarter results were a good start into 2017 and our balance sheet remained strong," Chief Executive Oliver Baete said in a statement.
The group affirmed its forecast for 2017 operating profit of 10.8 billion euros ($11.8 billion), plus or minus 500 million euros, barring unforeseen events, crises or natural catastrophes.
First-quarter operating profit rose 9.4 percent to 2.9 billion euros, while revenue was 2.5 percent higher at 36.2 billion.
Net income attributable to shareholders was 1.8 billion euros in the quarter, down 15.3 percent from a year ago, which Allianz attributed largely to year-earlier one-off gains from the sale of financial stakes.
Allianz published the earnings ahead of its annual general meeting due to start later in the morning.
($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
Renault has built a fully functional Symbioz demo car to give us a taste of what the future of transportation will look like.
The French automotive company Renault Group has unveiled a model of its unmanned electric car, first introduced in the fall of this year. In addition to the original design resembling a lavish living room, the Renault Symbioz will be equipped with virtual reality glasses.
Over the last few years, a number of companies have been developing unmanned vehicles: for example, a Tesla Motors car was able to drive along a specified route and then park all by itself.
© REUTERS/ Alexandria Sage Elon Musk Unveils New Tesla Roadster, Sets Twitter Alight
Audi introduced an unmanned third-class car this summer. By 2025, Honda also plans to launch such cars.
However, Renault plans to launch a new concept car in 2023. The Symbioz prototype has two electric motors, which will give it a maximum power output of about 500 kW and 660 Nm, but the demo car can continuously deliver 360 kW and 550 Nm.
It will allow Level 4 autonomous driving, which means cars will drive themselves, adjust their speed according to the cars in front, stay within their lane and even safely overtake other cars.
View Caption Hide Caption
Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport is moving its locations for Uber and Lyft pickups to an area that will require a walk across the roadway from the terminal, through the parking garage to the economy parking lot.
The airport said the new locations opening Wednesday in the economy lots on the Terminal North and Terminal South sides of the domestic terminal will be exclusively for Uber and Lyft pickups.
The world's busiest airport is moving the ride-share pickup locations because construction of massive curbside canopies will take up space on the curbside areas that Uber and Lyft are currently using to pick up passengers, along with other motorists.
“With any shift, there's always going to be a learning curve,” said Hartsfield-Jackson spokesman Reese McCranie. He said passengers should follow signs in the terminal to the pickup locations about a 5 minute walk from the terminal.
The airport's construction of massive canopies that will cover the curbside area requires shifting lane closures that are causing congestion. The canopies, which will cost $265 million, are part of the airport's $6 billion expansion and modernization plan.
The canopies are expected to take 18 months to complete.
The airport had planned to move the Uber and Lyft pickup location in July, but delayed the move as Uber officials expressed concerns about inconvenience and hassles for their customers of a single pickup area, at Terminal South.
The airport has since added a second location at Terminal North for its planned pickup areas for Uber and Lyft.
The latest discovery in a series that started couple years ago contained the remains of a woman and five children, as well as large numbers of artifacts from the Late Han Dynasty.
Chinese archeologists have discovered a 2,000-year-old tomb in the city of Nanchang. A woman and five children (the oldest was 14 years old, according to archeologists) were buried in a 4x4 meter tomb, but no trace of an adult male's remains were found, which is strange according to Yang Jun, the head of the archeological team that discovered the burial place.
READ MORE: The Taller They Are: Ancient Chinese Secret Tomb Reveals Giant Skeletons
Although Yang's team failed to find an explanation as to why there was no male body in the tomb, they did manage to determine the period it was built in, using the artifacts they uncovered there such as coins, textiles and vessels. The tomb dates back to the Late Han Dynasty (25 A.D. – 220 A.D.).
READ MORE: "Indiana Joan": 95-Year-Old Aussie Tomb Raider Sparks Global Outrage
It was the latest find in a series of discoveries on the same site in Nanchang. Last year 11 more tombs were unearthed in that area. Earlier in 2015 archeologists found what they claim to be the most complete and best preserved Western (Early) Han Dynasty cemetery. The Han Dynasty is the second imperial dynasty of China and often referred to as the “Golden Age” as it was an age of economic prosperity.
MEXICO CITY May 2 Mexican retail and banking company Grupo Elektra reported a 289 percent year-on-year rise in its net profit for the first quarter, when its share price more than doubled.
Elektra earned 4.5 billion pesos ($240 million) in January-March, helped by a 24 percent rise in revenue at its financial unit Banco Azteca and an 18 percent jump in commercial sales, the company said Tuesday.
Elektra, which runs appliance stores that have banking and money transfer businesses, said its EBITDA rose 18 percent.
Elektra's already-surging shares could be propelled even higher by its quarterly results.
Earlier this year, members of Mexico's association of brokerages asked the stock exchange to look into Elektra's share price gains. The company, owned by Mexican billionaire Ricardo Salinas, has said it was not aware of what was driving them.
(Reporting By Noe Torres and Mitra Taj; Editing by Sunil Nair)
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Fresh from another devastating flash flood that ripped apart their historic Maryland town, hundreds again ask themselves: 'Should I stay or should I go?'.
Fresh from another devastating flash flood that ripped apart their historic Maryland town, hundreds again ask themselves: 'Should I stay or should I go?'.
(DroneBase via AP). This image made from video provided by DroneBase shows vehicles swept by floodwater near the intersection of Ellicott Mills Drive and Main Street in Ellicott City, Md., Monday, May 28, 2018. Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman s...
(DroneBase via AP). This image made from video provided by DroneBase shows vehicles swept by floodwater near the intersection of Ellicott Mills Drive and Main Street in Ellicott City, Md., Monday, May 28, 2018. Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman s...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders.
A spokesman said former President George H.W. Bush is in "good spirits" at aa Maine hospital but will need several more days of treatment.
A spokesman said former President George H.W. Bush is in "good spirits" at aa Maine hospital but will need several more days of treatment.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE- In this Nov. 5, 2017, file photo, former president George H.W. Bush arrives for an NFL football game between the Houston Texans and the Indianapolis Colts in Houston. A spokesman for the former president says th...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE- In this Nov. 5, 2017, file photo, former president George H.W. Bush arrives for an NFL football game between the Houston Texans and the Indianapolis Colts in Houston. A spokesman for the former president says th...
By LARRY NEUMEISTER and TOM HAYS
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A New York judge set a June 15 deadline Wednesday for lawyers for President Donald Trump's personal lawyer and Trump to make attorney-client privilege claims over data seized in April raids, saying it was important not to delay the criminal investigation.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood said a special taint team of prosecutors will make determinations after that date.
Wood presided over a hearing at which a prosecutor revealed that the contents of a shredder and two Blackberry devices were all that remained to be turned over to a court-appointed special master screening evidence for attorney-client privilege. Also reviewing the materials are lawyers for Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, the president and the Trump Organization.
Cohen's lawyers asked to be allowed to review materials from the April 9 raids of Cohen's office and home until mid-July, but Wood said she had to balance their needs to protect their client with the need of prosecutors to pursue their criminal fraud case against Cohen.
Cohen did not speak during the court proceeding, which lasted more than an hour and featured a colorful argument between lawyers for Cohen and Trump on one side and California attorney Michael Avenatti on the other as they discussed Avenatti's public statements on behalf of his porn-star client, Stormy Daniels.
Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, has said she had sex once with Trump in 2006. Trump denies it. Daniels was not in court Wednesday.
Stephen Ryan, an attorney for Cohen, argued that Avenatti had acted outrageously by releasing banking information related to Cohen publicly and by criticizing Cohen in dozens of television appearances.
Wood noted that Avenatti would have to stop making comments about his perception of what he believed was wrongdoing by Cohen if he wanted to formally intervene in Cohen's efforts to protect materials seized from violations of attorney-client privilege.
Cohen's lawyers said they had finished studying about a third of the materials that were seized and were working around the clock.
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to the privilege. She said the material includes data from a video recorder.
Jones said more than a million pieces of data from three of Cohen's phones are ready to be given to criminal prosecutors, and more than 12,000 pages of documents from eight boxes that survived attorney-client privilege scrutiny already have been given back to prosecutors. More than a dozen electronic devices were seized or copied in the raids, and Jones said she has not yet received data from three seized items.
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court, complaining that he feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected. Trump also expressed those concerns on Twitter.
Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, has said she had sex once with Trump in 2006. Trump denies the affair.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
IOWA CITY, Iowa -- An Iowa truck driver had to leave his truck - and his puppy - behind. But thanks to two University of Iowa Hospital nurses, he got his beloved pet back.
Robert Prichard had a medical emergency while driving on I-80 and had to be taken to the University of Iowa hospital by ambulance, leaving his four-legged companion, Bandit, behind in his truck.
"If it hadn't been for these two right here, I would have lost him last night," Prichard told WQAD.
Prichard says he feared the puppy could have been put down or given away to another family.
Bandit wasn't, and instead was picked up by the Cedar Bend Humane Society, who says they only euthanize animals in cases of suffering or extreme aggression.
The Humane Society housed Bandit until two University of Iowa hospital nurses were able to pick him up and reunite the truck driver with his puppy.
"I didn't think it was really fair for someone to lose their animal just because they were in the hospital so I wanted to do everything I could," nurse Erin Niles said.
Prichard said it meant the world to him.
"I appreciate it, and nobody has ever treated or helped me like these people have. The main thing is I got my buddy back," Prichard said.
Prichard says he'll take some time off from trucking for now, and plans on hanging out with his faithful driving companion Bandit.
The Humane Society says pets left at the shelter need to be picked up within five days or they will be put up for adoption.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Las Vegas police released more records compiled during the investigation of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
(AP Photo/John Locher, File). FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and...
As remnants of Alberto spin into the Great Lakes region, Southeast Appalachia weary after floods and mudslides.
As remnants of Alberto spin into the Great Lakes region, Southeast Appalachia weary after floods and mudslides.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
(AP Photo/Chuck Burton). Workers clear debris from a parking lot washed out at a restaurant in Black Mountain, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused widespread flooding Tuesday evening.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
When stepping down Friday, Missouri governor will be conceding political defeat while still defiantly asserting he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
When stepping down Friday, Missouri governor will be conceding political defeat while still defiantly asserting he's done nothing worthy of being forced out of office.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
Missouri governor says fight not over, even in surrender
Missouri governor says fight not over, even in surrender
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
(Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool). FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and...
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges, furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said Wednesday's indictment brings Weinstein "another step closer to accountability" for alleged attacks on two women in New York.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said he would "vigorously defend" against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it. He called the allegations "unsupported" and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them.
The indictment came hours after Weinstein's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there wasn't enough time to prepare him and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
"Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said.
Weinstein, 66, learned of the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, according to his lawyers. Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not, prosecutors denied his request for more time.
Vance said the Weinstein camp's "recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable."
"We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," Vance said in a statement.
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another. A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case, as it had been doing for weeks.
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Freed on $1 million bail and electronic monitoring, he is due back in court July 30, though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment.
Beyond the two women involved in the case, dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear his name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators that Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her.
The other accuser in the case, former actress Lucia Evans, has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Despite calls by local communities and politicians to retain post office services in rural Ireland, the reality is people simply aren't using the service and falling incomes mean that many postmasters are facing little option but to close their doors.
One of Co Leitrim's longest serving Postmasters, Aodh Flynn in Manorhamilton, told the Leitrim Observer he believes the number of post offices in Leitrim could fall to just "two or three" unless more is done to support postmasters and to generate alternative business for post offices. He also claims national post office numbers could fall to 300-400 in the coming years because many post offices are simply no longer viable.
Working as a postmaster for 53 years, Mr Flynn said he had witnessed many changes but argued the challenges facing postmasters today will lead to many more closures.
He said many are already struggling to survive because people simply aren't doing business through their local post offices, resulting in falling incomes for postmasters and added he is aware of colleagues who will "jump at the chance" to close if they are offered a lump sum by An Post.
"Postmasters are (self) employed through contracts with An Post. We have seen business, such as postage, fall as a result of the rise of electronic forms of communication and that will continue as more and more people get access to high speed broadband," he notes.
"But there has also been a fall in the number of social welfare payments through post offices and this has come at a time when there have been increases in the cost of rates, electricity and other charges for postmasters."
An Post has proposed a new Postmasters' Contract which will see each post office operate on a stand-alone commercial basis and puts no value on the social function of post offices.
While the current Postmaster's Contract allows for holiday pay and a small gratuity benefit on retirement, Mr Flynn said An Post are seeking to eliminate such payments going forward. An Post is also seeking to introduce targets for post offices and increase opening hours.
“(An Post's new Postmaster Contract) is very one-sided with all the benefits to An Post and all the costs bourne by the postmasters,” said Mr Flynn.
Last Sunday the Irish Postmasters' Union (IPU) voted to reject the new Contract proposal but Mr Flynn says it is clear that many postmasters are facing a situation where their businesses are no longer viable.
At present there is a base income level of €12,000 per annum (before costs) for postmasters in place but there is no guarantee this will continue going forward. Even if this figure is maintained, rising costs are squeezing small and medium post offices to the point where postmasters can't afford to remain open.
"Nobody is arguing about the need to keep services in rural areas but if businesses are losing money then how can we expect postmasters to keep going?
"If An Post push ahead with contract changes then you will definitely see a lot of post offices closing their doors, but regardless, we'll be losing post offices because postmasters can't make a living from them."
Manorhamilton's Postmaster said An Post's push to co-locate post offices in existing supermarkets is also extremely detrimental.
"This would centralise services in a single location to the detriment of other businesses," he said. "This goes against the Government's policy to support shops on the main streets of small towns and villages and will leave one business with a total monopoly."
Despite assurances from various political parties and successive governments saying they recognise the important role of post offices and will direct more business through offices, Mr Flynn said "that simply isn't happening” . More needs to be done to support postmasters and generate business in post offices, at the moment there is no rational thinking behind proposed changes, he argued.
The team, consisting of extreme-lovers from Switzerland, Germany and Austria visited the island of Qeshm.
At this time of the year, the temperature on the island can reach 35 degrees Celsius. Because of the hot weather, some athletes were dressed in shorts and baseball caps.
Commenting on the skiing conditions, one of the adventurers, Markus Ascher said as quoted by Daily Mail: 'It's the driest I've ever seen.'
Although the athletes might seem to have easily performed all the tricks on the video, they admitted that in fact their ride was very scary.
Iran has become the last destination of the athletes' tour. Before that, they have visited Armenia, Turkey and Greece.
TEACHERS, tradies and ­customer-service workers are at the centre of a new drive to find Australia's next James Bond.
Australia's overseas spy agency will today launch a recruitment campaign to attract the next generation of intelligence officers to serve in the nation's interests.
Applicants will be invited to take perhaps the most interesting job interview they are likely to face, which will identify “smart”, “perceptive”, “empathetic” individuals with the “human intelligence”' to work for the Australian Secret ­Intelligence Service .
IT'S A ONE-IN-THREE-YEAR OPPORTUNITY
ANTI-WAR PROTESTERS CLAIM ABUSE AT INTELLIGENCE FACILITY
Camera Icon Could you be Australia's next James Bond? ASIS wants to hear from you. Picture: News Corp Australia
Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop said, for obvious reasons, most Australians were not aware of ASIS and its activities.
“This makes it difficult to recruit the right people to work in the fields of intelligence and espionage,” she said.
“While these qualities are special, they are not unique.
“The same skills are required for a variety of professions ranging from teaching to customer service.”
ASIS officers operate all around the world, gathering intelligence which has the ­potential to help protect and promote Australia's national interests and security.
An online campaign will be launched today — The Most Interesting Job Interview — so candidates can gauge if they're up to the job of being a secret agent.
The interactive video asks applicants to identify faces in a crowd from mugshots, quizzes them on minute and obscure details of an office and airport lounge and asks the applicants to successfully persuade a flight attendant to give them a seat upgrade.
Camera Icon Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the spy agency welcomes people from diverse backgrounds. Picture: AAP Image/Lukas Coch Picture: AAP
But would-be spies are warned not to discuss their application with anyone — not even with family and friends.
Ms Bishop said potential applicants could come from diverse backgrounds.
“Applicants need to show they can build relationships, pay attention to detail and they must be willing to live overseas,” she said.
“They must also be discreet and capable of collecting foreign intelligence from human sources.”
SPY VS. SPY AND THE MELBOURNE OLYMPICS
Unlike parliamentarians, Australian dual citizens can apply, but it is a condition of employment that they do not use their foreign citizenship for the period of their employment with ASIS, including using foreign passports for overseas travel.
The selection process takes about seven months and involves a written application, written test, psychological test, security assessment, medical examination and a test for prohibited substances.
Take the most interesting job interview here .
rob.harris@news.com.au
[India], June 15 (ANI): Even as the Maharashtra Government assuaged the anger of farmers by waiving off thier loans, a video of a farmer getting beaten up by Congress MLA from Sillod along with his supporters has gone viral.
MLA Abdul Sattar Abdul Nabi allegedly beat up farmers over a land dispute.
When asked the reason behind it, Nabi told ANI, "The land belongs to Dalit brothers. I don't have any connection with it. The situation at that time was such that I had to take that step."
This incident comes at a time when the farmers have been agitating across the country for loan waivers and better cash for their produce. On June 1, farmers from the Ahmednagar district went on a strike followed by many farmers groups in other parts, who tried to suspend vegetable and milk supply to Mumbai. Last week, a farmer in the Solapur district, before ending his life due to debt, wrote that unless the Chief Minister visits his farm, his body should not be cremated. Also, Madhya Pradesh's Mandsaur has become the epicenter of a farmers' agitation over a demand for loan waivers and better prices for their produce. During the agitation, six farmers were gunned down by the police, thereby drawing criticism from political parties. The situation forced the district officials to impose Section 144, and restricted prominent personalities from visiting the violence-hit district. Section 144 was later revoked ahead of the visit of MP Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's visit to the families of the deceased. (ANI)
Emergency crews are responding to an injury crash on the southbound side of the Kilpatrick Turnpike in far northwest OKC, Friday afternoon.
Authorities tell News 9 one person was transported from the scene, non-emergency-status, for the single-vehicle crash involving a pickup hauling a camper. It happened on a bridge just to the south of W. Wilshire Blvd.
Th cause of the crash has not yet been determined.
This is a developing story.
Keep checking with News 9 and News9.com for more information.
It's not like the guy didn't warn us.
“We're gonna win so much,” then-candidate Donald Trump advised supporters, “you may even get tired of winning.”
“And you'll say, ‘Please! Please! It's too much winning! We can't take it anymore, Mr. President, it's too much'.”
By this point in his oration, Mr. Trump is yelling and the crowd it's roaring.
“And I'll say, ‘No, it isn't. We have to keep winning. We have to win more. We're gonna win more. We're gonna win so much'.”
And so it has come to pass.
Amid all the press frothing and Democrat demagoguery over the phantom Russia collusion scandal, President Trumphas been systematically and persistently chalking up victory after victory, making good on a long list of promises he made during the campaign.
Unlike previous presidents from either party, Mr. Trump is using his political authority to actually change the federal government. His predecessors talk about the “fierce urgency of now,” but really they only used their political authority to amass more political power.
In Washington, Democrats and Republicans alike don't really want to change anything. They just want to keep and strengthen their own power.
Not so President Trump.
It's lots of little things like incinerating miles and miles of red tape and stupid bureaucratic regulations in all rat-infested corners of the federal government. It is the kind of sweet justice innocent citizens long ago gave up hope of ever seeing.
It is also big things like the shredding of the so-called “Waters of the US” rule, which was one of the most tyrannical usurpations by an uncontrollable federal kleptocracy. Made by fiat, the rule basically ripped land from farmers, ranchers and landowners and handed control of it to bureaucrats inside the EPA.
By repealing the unlawful Obama-era ruling, Mr. Trump with a stroke of a pen restored land rights to millions of American landowners who rightly live in terror of getting into some long, drawn-out legal battle with EPA bureaucrats that could leave them broke. And homeless.
Is it any wonder EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt finds himself under so much intense heat from wacko “environmentalists” losing their last marbles over what he is doing to their beloved agency?
Mr. Trump's successes can be seen beyond America's borders, as well.
North Korea's entreaties for peace would have been unimaginable under previous administrations. And while Mr. Trump is properly cautious about any real success, only the stingiest, most deluded partisan hack would not be pleased right now.
Forgive me for my own rumpled priorities. Saving tens of millions of fellow humans from annihilation in a nuclear holocaust would be great and all. But my favorite part about Mr. Trump ushering in peace on the Korean Peninsula would be watching those pious goats in Sweden have to hand over a Nobel Peace Prize to New York real estate tycoon Donald Trump!
Unlike past Nobel Prize winners Yasser Arafat, Jimmy Carter, Albert Gore and Barack Obama, Mr. Trump will have actually accomplished something.
• Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes.com; follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
Alan Diaz, AP photographer behind Elian image, dies at 71
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: ALAN DIAZ, AP Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Files - In this April 22, 200, file photo, by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, Elian Gonzalez is held in a closet by Donato Dalrymple, one of the two men who rescued the boy from the ocean, right, as government officials search the home of Lazaro Gonzalez for the young boy, in Miami. Retired Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, whose photo of the terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named earned him the Pulitzer Prize, died Tuesday, July 3, 2018, his daughter Aillette Rodriguez-Diaz said. He was 71. less FILE - In this April 22, 200, file photo, by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, Elian Gonzalez is held in a closet by Donato Dalrymple, one of the two men who rescued the boy from the ocean, right, as ... more Photo: ALAN DIAZ, AP Image 2 of 10 FILE- This Sept. 20, 2010 photo show Associated Press photographer Alan Diaz in Miami. Diaz, whose photo of a terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez earned him the Pulitzer Prize, died Tuesday, July 3, 2018, his daughter Aillette Rodriguez-Diaz said. He was 71. less FILE- This Sept. 20, 2010 photo show Associated Press photographer Alan Diaz in Miami. Diaz, whose photo of a terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez earned him the Pulitzer Prize, died Tuesday, ... more Photo: Wilfredo Lee, AP Image 3 of 10 Files - In this Nov. 24, 2000, file photo, by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, Broward County, Fla., canvassing board member Judge Robert Rosenberg uses a magnifying glass to examine a disputed election ballot at the Broward County Courthouse in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. Retired Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, whose photo of the terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez earned him the Pulitzer Prize, died Tuesday, July 3, 2018, his daughter Aillette Rodriguez-Diaz said. He was 71. less FILE - In this Nov. 24, 2000, file photo, by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, Broward County, Fla., canvassing board member Judge Robert Rosenberg uses a magnifying glass to examine a disputed ... more Photo: Alan Diaz, AP Image 4 of 10 Files - In this Nov. 8, 2017, file photo, Associated Press photographer Alan Diaz poses at Domino Park on Calle Ocho in the Little Havana neighborhood of Miami. Retired Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, whose photo of a terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez earned him the Pulitzer Prize, died Tuesday, July 3, 2018, his daughter Aillette Rodriguez-Diaz said. He was 71. less FILE - In this Nov. 8, 2017, file photo, Associated Press photographer Alan Diaz poses at Domino Park on Calle Ocho in the Little Havana neighborhood of Miami. Retired Associated Press photojournalist Alan ... more Photo: Wilfredo Lee, AP Image 5 of 10 Image 6 of 10 Files - In this Tuesday, Jan. 21, 2015 file photo by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, Dimitry Binkevich, his wife, Julia, and their daughters Dana, left, and Lia, of New York City, feed a flock of birds in Miami Beach, Fla. Diaz, whose photo of the terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez earned him the Pulitzer Prize, died Tuesday, July 3, 2018, his daughter Aillette Rodriguez-Diaz said. He was 71. less FILE - In this Tuesday, Jan. 21, 2015 file photo by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, Dimitry Binkevich, his wife, Julia, and their daughters Dana, left, and Lia, of New York City, feed a flock of ... more Photo: Alan Diaz, AP Image 7 of 10 Files - In this Sunday, May 13, 2012 file photo by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, Saul Sanchez, foreground, and Ivan A. Garcia, of Mexico, perform during the men's 10-meter platform synchronized finals at the USA Diving Grand Prix in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. Diaz, whose photo of the terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez earned him the Pulitzer Prize, died Tuesday, July 3, 2018, his daughter Aillette Rodriguez-Diaz said. He was 71. less FILE - In this Sunday, May 13, 2012 file photo by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, Saul Sanchez, foreground, and Ivan A. Garcia, of Mexico, perform during the men's 10-meter platform synchronized ... more Photo: Alan Diaz, AP Image 8 of 10 Files - In this Aug. 8, 2007 file photo by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, the space shuttle Endeavour lifts off from the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla. Diaz, whose photo of the terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez earned him the Pulitzer Prize, died Tuesday, July 3, 2018, his daughter Aillette Rodriguez-Diaz said. He was 71. less FILE - In this Aug. 8, 2007 file photo by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, the space shuttle Endeavour lifts off from the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla. Diaz, whose photo of the ... more Photo: Alan Diaz, AP Image 9 of 10 Files - In this May 4, 2016 file photo by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, Britain's Prince Harry plays polo at Valiente Polo Farm in Wellington, Fla. Diaz, whose photo of the terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez earned him the Pulitzer Prize, died Tuesday, July 3, 2018, his daughter Aillette Rodriguez-Diaz said. He was 71. less FILE - In this May 4, 2016 file photo by Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz, Britain's Prince Harry plays polo at Valiente Polo Farm in Wellington, Fla. Diaz, whose photo of the terrified 6-year-old ... more Photo: Alan Diaz, AP Image 10 of 10 Alan Diaz, AP photographer behind Elian image, dies at 71 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
MIAMI (AP) — Retired Associated Press photojournalist Alan Diaz , whose photo of a terrified 6-year-old Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez earned him the Pulitzer Prize, has died. He was 71.
Diaz's daughter, Aillette Rodriguez-Diaz, confirmed that he died Tuesday. The cause of death wasn't immediately known.
"He was the king of the family," Rodriguez-Diaz said. "He cared about all of his friends and colleagues. His life was photography and my mother."
Diaz's wife, Martha, died nearly two years ago.
Diaz's iconic image shows an armed U.S. immigration agent confronting the boy in the Little Havana home where he lived with relatives after being found floating off the Florida coast.
"Alan Diaz captured, in his iconic photographs, some of the most important moments of our generation - the bitter, violent struggle over the fate of a small Cuban boy named Elian Gonzalez, the magnified eye of a Florida election official trying to make sense of hanging chads and disputed ballots in the 2000 presidential election," AP executive editor Sally Buzbee said.
"He was gravelly-voiced and kindhearted, generous with his expertise. And like all great photographers, he was patient. He was able to wait for the moment."
Diaz, who was known to roar, "Hello, Miami," every time he entered the AP's South Florida office, brought the same energy and professionalism to every story, whether he was shooting an upcoming weekend feature or a World Series baseball game. His good-natured humility and unwavering focus were often calming elements for his colleagues in Florida's frequently chaotic news environment. He introduced newcomers to some of the pleasures of Miami, such as sipping a cafecito in Little Havana.
Not one to boast about past triumphs, Diaz rarely brought up the Elian story himself, but he would usually discuss it with enough encouragement. He had been freelancing for AP in November 1999 when a boater found the Cuban boy floating in an inner tube in the waters off Fort Lauderdale. Diaz spent the next few months chatting with Gonzalez's relatives and neighbors, earning their trust by respecting an order from the boy's uncle to not speak to the child.
Because of those relationships, he was the only photographer to capture the moment when U.S. immigration agents ended a bitter international custody battle with a pre-dawn raid the day before Easter in 2000. The Pulitzer-winning photo shows an armed agent reaching out to toward a terrified Elian, seconds before the boy was pulled out of his uncle's home so he could be returned to his father in Cuba.
Diaz said he was just in the right place at the right time.
After the image hit the wires and network television news, Diaz saw how both Cuban leader Fidel Castro and Cuban-American community leaders used it to argue that the other side was brutal and heartless.
"I have no opinion on it. I shot the moment. That's all," Diaz said last year. "Good or bad, that's what happened that morning."
The AP hired Diaz as a staff photographer two months after the raid, kicking off a 17-year-career with the wire service. Within months of starting, Diaz was taking photos of hanging chads during the Florida recount for the 2000 presidential election. The next year, Diaz flew to New York just days after 9/11, when planes were allowed back in the sky, to help document the recovery. Diaz was in Florida for the 2004 and 2005 hurricane seasons, when storm after storm caused billions in damage across the Southeastern U.S. More recently, he rushed to Orlando in 2016 to cover another tragedy, a shooting at a gay night club that left 49 people dead.
"Alan Diaz will be remembered for taking one of the most iconic photographs in Miami's history," AP Miami photo editor Marta Lavandier said. "But what is less known about Alan is that he was a humble, dedicated, hard-working news photographer that loved covering every aspect of his community."
After winning the Pulitzer Prize in 2001, he was awed by the celebration from his heroes in photojournalism.
"Joe Rosenthal wanted to meet me? Wow," Diaz said, still shaking his head at being honored by the AP photojournalist who produced the iconic image of U.S. Marines and a Navy sailor raising the American flag over Iwo Jima.
Diaz was born in New York to Cuban parents. He spent his adolescence in Cuba, where he studied photography with Alberto Korda, whose 1960 portrait of Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara became one of the most reproduced images in history.
In 1978, he moved to Miami and began shooting in Little Havana for Cuban-American organizations and publications. One memorable assignment was a meeting of leaders of anti-Castro efforts and Frank Sturgis, one of the Watergate burglars, who had fought alongside Castro in Cuba before turning against him.
___
Associated Press writer Jennifer Kay contributed to this story.
___
This story has been corrected to show that U.S. immigration agents seized Elian Gonzalez on the eve of Easter 2000, not Good Friday.
(UPDATED) This comes after the transport network company defied the LTFRB order to stop accrediting more drivers
Published 6:30 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – The Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB) on Monday, August 14, ordered Uber operations suspended for one month.
This comes after the ride-hailing company defied the board's order, which directed all transport network companies (TNCs) to stop accrediting drivers into their systems starting July 26, 2017. (READ: What's the fuss about the Grab, Uber regulation issue?)
The order will take effect on Tuesday, August 15, halting the operation of some 66,000 Uber drivers who ply the roads for a living.
The LTFRB said Uber was ordered to stop accepting drivers into their system to avoid raising false expectations that these drivers can engage in the public transportation service without the necessary permits from the board.
But in a post on its Twitter account last August 1, Uber said that applications for vehicles are "being accepted but not processed, as we are optimistic that with the ongoing discussions with the LTFRB, ridesharing has a path forward."
"The Respondent's official statement as cited above is a clear admission on its part that it continued to accept applications despite the explicit order of the board," the LTFRB said.
The LTFRB also noted that Uber had accepted and activated at least 3 vehicles on July 27, one of which was a motor vehicle registered in the name of the board.
While it acknowledged the concerns of the riding public, the board said it was confronted with the issue of striking a balance between innovation and laws governing public transport services.
But the LTFRB said that Uber's actions were "not about pushing innovation in the context of fair regulation, but it is about unduly challenging the limit of fair regulation to continue to engage in business in this country, thereby compromising sound business practices."
Aside from imposing the one-month suspension, the LTFRB warned that Uber will be held responsible for all accredited vehicles found accepting passengers during the suspension period.
It also "strongly recommended" that Uber gives financial assistance to its peer-operators who would be affected since the latter "would not have suffered the current predicament were it not for the predatory actions of respondent Uber."
The order was signed by LTFRB Chairman Martin Delgra III and board members Ronaldo Corpus and Aileen Lourdes Lizada.
In a text message to Rappler, Uber communications head Cat Avelino said they are "studying" the order. – Rappler.com
The videos that rolled across the television screen were startling: Americans beating each other with clubs and sticks on the streets of a quiet college town. White supremacists with torches; anti-fascists pushing back. An improvised flame thrower fashioned from an aerosol can. Bottles of frozen water hurled like bricks at one another's skulls.
Kevin Boyle, an American history professor at Northwestern University, watched it unfold, the feeling in his gut both horror and a sense that the racial tension bubbling for years had finally, almost inevitably, begun boiling over.
White nationalist demonstrators clash with counter demonstrators at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency and police dressed in riot gear ordered people to disperse after chaotic violent clashes between white nationalists and counter protestors. (AP Photo/Steve Helber) A counter demonstrator uses a lighted spray can against a white nationalist demonstrator at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency and police dressed in riot gear ordered people to disperse after chaotic violent clashes between white nationalists and counter protestors. (AP Photo/Steve Helber) White nationalist demonstrators use shields as they guard the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. (AP Photo/Steve Helber)
“Given our political moment, I'm not surprised that we've come to this point,” he said. “I'm terribly depressed we've come to this point but I'm not surprised. It didn't come out of nowhere.”
Historians and political scientists have been warning that American politics had become a pressure cooker, full of racial tension building once again to the point of a deadly clash, like the one in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday that claimed three lives.
White supremacy has always lurked in America's shadow, said Boyle, whose teaching focuses on the history of racial violence and civil rights. Then, he believes, President Donald Trump was elected and emboldened their hate.
“Donald Trump gave them permission to come out into the real world,” he said. “As long as they were existing in this kind of sad little shadow world where they were just talking to each other, it was disturbing, but it's not as profoundly dangerous as when they feel they can take the public square.”
Saturday's chaos erupted around what is believed to be the largest group of white nationalists to come together in a decade — more than 1,000 neo-Nazis, skinheads and Ku Klux Klan members who descended on the city of Charlottesville to “take America back” by rallying against plans to remove a confederate statue. Hundreds came to protest against the racism. The two sides engaged in bloody brawls on the street. The day turned deadly when a car plowed into a crowd of peaceful anti-racism protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town and both troopers on board died.
The violence had been building for months during a series of confrontations between members of the “alt-right” — a loose collection of white nationalists, racists and anti-immigration populists — and people who oppose them. It began the very day Trump put his hand on a Bible and took the oath of office. Skirmishes broke out at his inauguration between his supporters, some of them white nationalists, and those against him. More than 200 were arrested.
It was on that day that Richard Spencer, among the nation's foremost white nationalists, realized that something had fundamentally shifted in American political discourse. He was giving a media interview when someone ran toward him and punched him in the head on video.
“We're in a totally new world,” he remembers thinking. “Political violence is a real thing.”
Days later, anti-fascists hurled smoke bombs, broke windows and ignited a massive bonfire at the University of California at Berkeley to protest a planned speech by right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos. Violent clashes have piled up since: 11 arrested after fights broke out at New York University when the founder of a right-wing men's organization was scheduled to speak; clashes outside one of Spencer's appearances at Auburn University; a shouting match between the two sides in Pikeville, Kentucky; confrontations in New Orleans when the city moved to remove a confederate monument; police opening fire with stun grenades and arresting more than a dozen during conflicts in Portland.
Spencer, and others who support white nationalism, blame the other side.
“With Trump's election, the radical left of this county has come unhinged,” said Kyle Bristow, the founder of a law firm dedicated to alt-right legal advocacy.
But both sides agree on the general narrative of how the widening racial and ideological divide took root: Some white Americans began feeling left behind by progress. The decline of the white working class coincided with drastic cultural changes, like quickly diversifying demographics and the election of the nation's first black president.
“With the election of Barack Obama, there was so much talk about being this post-racial moment, and on some levels it was extraordinary,” said Steven Hahn, a history professor at New York University. “But it didn't take long for the really vicious racism to surface. It turned out to be an instigator of an enormous amount of rage, and I think Trump both fanned it and inherited it.”
Trump was long among the prominent members of the birther movement — those who questioned Obama's citizenship and his legitimacy as president. His campaign was launched with racially-tinged rhetoric about the dangers of immigrants, which has continued into his presidency, said Hahn, who watched videos of Saturday's clashes and saw in them reflections of the Ku Klux Klan movement of the 1920s.
Now white supremacist groups are actively trying to move into the mainstream. The Daily Stormer, a popular alt-right website, published a story in the run-up to the Charlottesville gathering, calling on followers to leave white hoods or Nazi costumes at home, and go for fitted shirts and suits instead, to attract recruits. They needed to look sexy, the author wrote.
Whether they might be successful in spreading their message depends a lot on how American leaders respond, said Boyle.
Trump quickly came under fire for his response. He said “we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
The “on many sides” emphasized at the ending drew the ire of his critics, who pushed back on his statement as failing to specifically denounce racism and equating the white supremacists with those who came to protest their hate.
“The bottom line is if it weren't for a bunch of neo-Nazis marching around it would have been a regular peaceful day in Charlottesville,” said Kyle Kondik, with the University of Virginia's Center for Politics. “Whether he likes it or not, the president, the person that holds that office, is supposed to act as the person setting a moral standard for the country, and I think he's been falling far short in that regard.”
He pointed to other Republican leaders who took a strong stand against the racists who descended on Charlottesville on Saturday.
Sen. Orrin Hatch, for example, tweeted: “We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home.”
Kondik worries about how quickly the nation's toxic political divides will continue seeping into all parts of American life if the president doesn't realign the country's moral compass.
“It's been an ugly couple of days, and you just wonder if we're backsliding in terms of race relations,” he said. “It's an unpleasant thing to think about, but something we have to think about as a country.”
Was Trevonte Rashad Taylor last seen on Grand Bahama?
Nassau – Police are seeking the public's help in locating 17 year old Trevonte Rashad Taylor of 27th Avenue, Miami, Florida, who was reported missing by family members.
Taylor is of a light brown complexion, 5'9” tall and of a slim build.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Taylor, especially persons on the island of Grand Bahama, is asked to contact the police immediately.
POLICE ARE APPEALING TO ANYONE WITH INFORMATION REGARDING ANY CRIME, NO MATTER HOW SMALL OR INSIGNIFICANT (THE TIP) MAY SEEM, TO ANONYMOUSLY CALL POLICE AT 919 OR CRIME STOPPERS AT 328-TIPS (8477) (NEW PROVIDENCE) OR 1-242-300-8477 (FAMILY ISLANDS)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday.
My paradox meter just broke.
Back in February we reported on how global warming was messing up the outdoor skating season in Canada and the northern United States. Now, the Stanley Cup final is being played in Las Vegas, one of America's hottest cities.
Doesn't that mean that hockey is contributing to climate change — and maybe its own demise — by building ice palaces in the desert?
Before you give Las Vegas and the National Hockey League too much side eye, it's worth noting that the league has been working to address environmental issues, including climate change. It has an ongoing sustainability initiative aimed at minimizing the sport's damage to the environment, and that initiative includes T-Mobile Arena, home of the Vegas Golden Knights. The city's leaders, furthermore, have made progress in running the municipal government on renewable energy.
Still. That ice. In the desert. It's not cheap to make or easy to maintain.
The crew at T-Mobile Arena seems to do a good job. The ice gets decent marks from players, but there's only so much you can do to fight that heat. The outside temperature was above 32 C before Game 1 on Monday, and you could sometimes see the puck bouncing the way it does when the surface is wet and snowy instead of solid.
Robert McLeman, an associate professor in the Department of Geography and Environmental Studies at Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo noted that while the spectacle of ice hockey in the desert might seem absurd, making ice is only one energy-gulping aspect of arenas.
Cooling the vast volume of inside air and taking out the humidity so that players and spectators are comfortable requires an enormous amount of energy, whether an arena is hosting hockey, a monster truck show or a trade fair.
So, he said, as North America heads toward summer, hockey would be complicated just about anywhere. Temperatures in Toronto, for example, are expected to be around 24 C this week.
"If the Toronto Maple Leafs were actually in the NHL final four — well, hell would freeze over — but you would have the exact same challenges here in the Toronto rink you would have in Las Vegas or Florida," McLeman said.
April 12 Russian coal and steel producer Mechel says:
* It extended its cooperation agreement with Baosteel Resources which is part of China Baowu Steel, China's largest steelmaker group;
* It will supply Baosteel Resources with up to 960,000 tonnes of premium-grade coking coal between April 2017 and March 2018. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Moscow newsroom)
OTTAWA — The federal government missed a crucial opportunity to protect Canadians from harmful chemicals that could interfere with fertility and behaviour, an environmental organization says.
After a review, Environment and Climate Change Canada announced Friday that none of more than a dozen phthalates studied posed a risk to human health, and only one needs further study for possible risk to the environment.
Phthalates are chemicals used to make plastics flexible and harder to break, or as solvents, and are used in hundreds of commercial products including food containers, children's toys, detergents and personal hygiene products like makeup and shampoo.
Muhannad Malas, who runs the toxics program for Environmental Defence, said the European Union has concluded at least four phthalates pose a risk to human health and it is mind boggling that Canada did not come to the same conclusion.
He said one of the key differences is that in Europe, the onus has been placed on manufacturers to prove their products are safe but in Canada a product has to be proved unsafe before the government will ban or limit its use.
He said Canada's law needs to be modernized.
Last June, the House of Commons environment committee made dozens of recommendations to improve the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, which governs the use of chemicals.
One of them was to mimic Europe's rule about proving something is safe before use rather than having to prove something is unsafe in order to ban it.
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna had until Friday to respond to that report and she said the government is considering the recommendations and will come up with a specific plan by June 2018.
By The Canadian Press
March 29 AKTIA BANK ABP
* EVRY HAS SIGNED A LETTER OF INTENT TO ACQUIRE ENTIRE SHARE CAPITAL OY SAMLINK AB.
* AKTIA WILL CEASE TO USE SAMLINK AS MAIN SUPPLIER OF ITS IT SYSTEMS.
* AKTIA OWNS APPROXIMATELY 23% OF SHARES IN SAMLINK
* SAYS IT'S NOT POSSIBLE TO RELIABLY ESTIMATE EFFECTS OF A POSSIBLE TRANSACTION ON AKTIA'S PROFIT AND FINANCIAL POSITION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
NEW YORK Bank of America's (BAC.N) Merrill Lynch cut its number of national business divisions to six from 10 and changed some of the executives leading those units as part of a broader leadership restructuring, according to a memo sent to employees on Wednesday.
The head of Merrill Lynch Wealth Management Andy Sieg told the firm's roughly 14,500 brokers that the plans, which went into effect immediately, were part of an effort to "make the organization feel like a smaller, more tightly integrated firm."
The change, designed to create fewer, larger market regions, will not reduce the number of financial advisers at the firm. The announcement was first reported by The Wall Street Journal.
South Atlantic division head Don Plaus will now lead Merrill Lynch's Private Banking & Investment Group for ultra wealthy clients. Ben Prince, who had led the Southwest division, will head up Merrill's strategy to develop local market opportunities for around 150 small branches, according to the memo.
Two Merrill market executives Lindsay DeNardo Hans and Vince Fertitta were promoted to lead the Mid-Atlantic and Texas Mountain South divisions respectively.
Jeffrey Tucker, formerly the New York City Metropolitan division head, and Tom Fickinger, previously head of the Pacific Northwest division, will both take other jobs within Merrill that have not yet been announced.
Linda Houston, who headed the New England division, will retire, and James Dickson, who had led the Mid East division, is leaving the firm.
Apart from the regional leadership changes, Mike Adornetto was named Merrill Lynch's new chief operating officer and Hong Ogle will lead the firm's adviser training and development programs.
(Reporting By Elizabeth Dilts; Editing by David Gregorio and Grant McCool)
Speech to Text for Crews begin setup at Vigo County Fair
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
of the summer! crews were setting up today. fair activities start on saturday. but -- it takes a lot of time to get prepared! today -- we saw people backing in some food and amusement ride trailers. they'll also be making sure everything is working properly in the coming days. the fair has all kinds of family carnival fun. and -- of course, there are tons of 4-h exhibits to see. the kick-off ceremony happens at noon on saturday. we've linked you to all of the 4-h show and event information at w-t-h-i t-v dot com. [b18]tease 1 (abby kirk)-sot vo a personal letter sent to the grieving family of a fallen
In one week the number of flu-related deaths in Oklahoma has more than doubled.
On Feb. 2, the Oklahoma State Department of Health reported 11 flu-related deaths. Thursday the OSDH said that the number of flu-related deaths has risen to 23. Of those, 12 have died in the last week.
The latest deaths were in Canadian, Creek, Kay, Oklahoma, Stephens, Tulsa and Wagoner counties.
Tulsa County has had quadruple the number of deaths than any other county at eight. Kay, Stephens and Wagoner counties have each had two death.
Canadian, Cleveland, Craig, Creek, Johnston, Logan, Oklahoma, Pottawatomie and Rogers have had one death each.The department reports 827 people hospitalized during the flu season that began Sept. 1.
One child age 5-17 died as a result of the flu, two adults aged 18-49, and three adults aged 50-64. The remaining 17 Oklahoma victims were over the age of 65.
The Oklahoma City-County Health Department issued some recommendations following the first flu-related death in Oklahoma County. OCCHD recommends that residents get the flu vaccination and use effective hand hygiene. The number of flu hospitalizations has increased by 42 in Oklahoma County which totals 136 sufferers this season, a significant jump compared to last year, according to OCCHD. In March 2016, Oklahoma County health professionals said they recorded 36 flu-related hospitalizations and zero deaths.
Health officials say the number of influenza outbreaks in institutional settings, such as long-term health care facilities and schools, also rose at the end of last week and continues to rise this week. Consistent with previous years, the highest rate of hospitalizations has been among individuals 65 years and older followed by children aged 0 to 4 years old.
Flu symptoms include: a fever of more than 100.4 F, aching muscles (especially those in the back, arms and legs), chills and sweats, headache, dry and persistent cough, fatigue and weakness, nasal congestion, sore throat.
The OCCHD offers the flu vaccine at three clinics. Learn more at www.occhd.org/clinics or call (405) 419-4261.
OF all the ironies surrounding Hayden Haitana's roguish and infamous existence, two stood out.
The first is that he drew breath until 72, until his death at the weekend, having spent his last three decades living in fear.
The second, having been warned off all Australian racecourses for life for his role in the notorious Fine Cotton ring-in in 1984, is that he will be eulogised during a memorial service at Gawler racecourse on Saturday.
Camera Icon Haitana at Goolwa, in 2013, who repeatedly called for his lifetime ban to be lifted Picture: News Limited
Long portrayed as the principal architect of an amateurish substitution attempt at Eagle Farm 33 years ago, Haitana resented the smear until the end.
Jailed for his role in one of the biggest scandals in Australian turf history, Haitana was endlessly mocked after his clumsy ruse was quickly uncovered by stewards.
The ring-in, involving some of racing's leading figures, including bookmakers Bill and Robbie Waterhouse, almost netted the organisers $1.5 million.
Camera Icon The 1984 scandal was front page news. Picture: Herald Sun
Fine Cotton, a moderately performed gelding, was backed from $34 to $4.50 and won — before the alarm was raised.
Haitana, for reasons he never explained, was earmarked to “train” the horse.
Stewards pounced when bookmakers cried foul and uncovered the plot as white paint dripped from fake markings on “Fine Cotton's” legs. Cries of “ring-in” rung across the course.
The horse was actually a superior galloper called Bold Personality.
The syndicate, headed by John Gillespie, had originally earmarked another horse, Dashing Solitaire, who was almost identical to Fine Cotton.
But when Dashing Solitaire was injured, the crooks were forced to use Bold Personality.
Trouble was Fine Cotton was eight and had conspicuous white markings on his hind legs.
Bold Personality was seven with no markings.
The gang decided to use hair colouring but promptly forgot to use peroxide to whiten Bold Personality's legs, eventually resorting to paint — which was obviously not water proof.
Haitana was immediately apprehended by stewards on the course but fled before eventually facing authorities.
Camera Icon The ruse was quickly spotted at the conclusion of the race. Picture: News Limited
The fallout from the case was immense.
The Waterhouses, father and son, from one of Australian racing's most eminent families, were barred for 14 years.
Ring-leader John Gillespie was also jailed.
Haitana, who spent much of his life in rural South Australia after being released from jail, always claimed there was more to the Fine Cotton story than had been revealed but feared for his safety in going public about more details.
Camera Icon Haitana with police escort at Adelaide Airport on 12 September 1984. Picture: News Corp Australia
In an interview with News Limited in 2010, Haitana suggested corrupt authorities were part of the attempted sting.
“What's helped now to ease things is Underbelly — the characters running the gambling, plus the crooked police and politicians,” he said.
“People have always asked why I didn't go to the cops. I say ‘are you kidding, they were the crooks'. It's going to be very interesting when Underbelly covers Queensland because they are going to have to tell the full story of Fine Cotton.”
Haitana's lifetime ban was lifted in November, 2013.
He recently suffered two strokes before his health deteriorated further.
Survived by three children and nine grandchildren, Haitana reportedly lived a reclusive life in SA.
His daughter Mandy paid a social media tribute to her father.
“How do I say goodbye to you forever?,” she said.
“Never hear another one of your stories, go driving with you on one of your short cuts or crazy adventures when you would try so hard to stay out of trouble — but trouble would always fine (sic) you!”
March 30 Daetwyler Holding AG:
* Intends to set up a new centre of expertise in its technical components division
* As a result of developing the new centre of expertise, Datwyler intends to no longer manage locally its various product, supplier, purchasing, e-commerce and marketing functions
* Around 90 jobs across four sites in Sweden, Germany, Switzerland and Italy are expected to be affected by the changes
* Daetwyler Holding - among other things, planned severance scheme includes plans to provide employees affected with hands-on support as they look for new jobs. Datwyler expects to pay around 10 million Swiss francs ($10.04 million) in non-recurring costs Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9959 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
A A
Clark County — Clark County Fire District 6 is offering a seven-week Community Emergency Response Team training beginning Feb. 23 at its station at 8800 N.E. Hazel Dell Ave.
CERT volunteers help to provide immediate assistance to victims of local disasters until professional services can take over. The training will be held Thursday evenings, Feb. 23 through March 23 and Saturday mornings, March 11 and 25.
Detailed information on times and locations can be found at the website www.ccfd6.org.
Topics of the training include basic disaster preparedness, fire suppression, disaster medical operations, light urban search and rescue, among others. The cost is $30.
Participants must be Clark County residents, and the minimum age is 18 without an accompanying adult and 16 with an adult. In order to receive a certificate of completion, participants must attend all the classes.
Applications are available at www.ccfd6.org, in person at 8800 N.E. Hazel Dell Ave., or by calling 360-576-1195. Deadline is Friday.
OTTAWA — The federal government has agreed to give the provinces and territories a 75 per cent share of the tax revenues from the sale of legalized marijuana.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the agreement today after a daylong meeting with his provincial and territorial counterparts.
Morneau says Ottawa will retain the remaining 25 per cent share to a maximum of $100 million a year, with any balance over and above that limit going to the provinces and territories.
The larger share, he added, will allow the provinces to "fairly deal with their costs and so they can work with municipalities," which had been asking for at least a one-third portion of the revenue.
All 14 jurisdictions at the table agreed to the key principles reached at the meeting, Morneau said, calling it a "very good outcome."
The original model put forward by the federal government proposed an even 50-50 split, a plan that was immediately shot down by the provinces, many of which wondered aloud what sort of costs Ottawa would be incurring to deserve such a share.
Earlier today, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the federal Liberal government had successfully made the case that it, too, would have costs, but was showing flexibility on related revenue and cost-sharing questions.
After a meeting with his Atlantic counterparts in Halifax, Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil let slip that a two-year deal had been reached, and that provinces would have the ability to include a markup above and beyond existing taxation levels.
Ottawa's initial estimates suggest the total pot of tax revenue from marijuana sales could reach $1 billion per year.
* European shares climb on earnings, economic data
* Wall Street little changed ahead of Fed meeting
* Fed begins two-day monetary policy meeting
* Gold touches three-week low as safe-haven demand ebbs (Updates with U.S. market open, changes byline, dateline; previous LONDON)
By Chuck Mikolajczak
NEW YORK, May 2 World stock markets inched higher on Tuesday, lifted by gains in Europe amid sturdy corporate earnings and signs of economic strength, while U.S. stock indexes were little changed ahead of a policy meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve.
IHS Markit's Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index for the euro zone jumped to 56.7 in April from March's 56.2, its highest level since April 2011, as demand remained strong despite rising prices.
BP shares rose 2.1 percent after the oil major's first-quarter profit tripled.
Shares of Apple were up 0.9 percent in morning trading ahead of its results after the closing bell on Tuesday. Gains in Mastercard, which was up 2.2 percent, were offset by a 1.8 percent decline in Pfizer after both companies posted earnings.
Robust results have helped lift share prices across the globe this year, with major U.S. indexes at or near record levels. First-quarter profits of companies on the benchmark S&P 500 index are expected to have risen 13.6 percent, the strongest rise since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters data. Those of their European counterparts are seen up 13.9 percent.
"Investors are looking at Europe as a cheaper place to put money with greater upside because the U.S. is trading at near record highs," said Peter Kenny, senior market strategist at Global Markets Advisory Group, in New York.
"One of the primary themes we are going to see probably more of this year is rotation out of U.S. equities, given the very murky prospects for any significant move higher in prices and into a much more value-oriented landscape in Europe," Kenny said.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 3.93 points, or 0.02 percent, to 20,917.39, the S&P 500 lost 0.71 points, or 0.03 percent, to 2,387.62 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.74 points, or 0.01 percent, to 6,090.86.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index rose 0.54 percent and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe gained 0.17 percent.
The U.S. dollar hit a six-week high against the Japanese yen as traders discounted recent weak U.S. economic data and anticipated that the Federal Reserve would prepare markets for an interest rate increase in June in its statement following a policy meeting this week.
The yen weakened 0.24 percent versus the greenback to 112.12 per dollar.
The Fed is expected to hold interest rates steady after its two-day meeting beginning Tuesday, as it pauses to examine more economic data, but may hint it is on track for an increase in June.
Traders do not anticipate a hike on Wednesday but are currently forecasting a 65.2 percent chance of a 25 basis point hike at the Fed's June meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Benchmark 10-year notes last rose 5/32 in price to yield 2.3108 percent, from 2.327 percent late on Monday, ahead of the statement from the central bank on Wednesday.
Oil prices steadied as lower production by Russia and major OPEC exporters balanced news of higher output in the United States, Canada and Libya.
U.S. crude fell 0.55 percent to $48.57 per barrel and Brent was last at $51.31, down 0.41 percent on the day.
Gold touched a three-week low of $1.257.37 an ounce as demand for the safe-haven asset waned. Spot gold dropped 0.1 percent to $1,254.76 an ounce. U.S. gold futures percent to $1,255.50 an ounce.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum)
LONDON Allied Minds (ALML.L), the technology and healthcare incubator, is facing more pressure from short-sellers of its stock, pitting hedge funds against one of Britain's best-known fund managers.
The company, which has some high-profile shareholders, including Neil Woodford's Woodford Investment Management and Invesco Asset Management, was one of the UK's hottest initial public offerings (IPO) in 2014, with its shares having risen by nearly threefold in the year after listing.
But the shares have lost 65 percent so far this year and are trading well below their listing price on worries about the value of its portfolio.
The share price weakened significantly after the company pulled the plug on seven of its investments earlier this month.
Woodford - founder of Woodford Investment Management, a £15 billion fund group that owns nearly a third of Allied Minds - last week dismissed weakness in shares as "short-term" noise.
But demand from hedge funds to borrow shares to sell short has remained intact. Investors borrow shares to sell, betting that the price will fall so they can buy them at a lower price and make money in the process.
The number of Allied Minds shares out on loan - a key indicator of short selling interest - has doubled in the last three weeks, from four percent to eight percent, according to data provider IHS Markit.
Allied Minds, which partners with universities to fund start-ups, including a business disinfecting nut kernels, declined to comment.
New York-based hedge fund Kerrisdale Capital disclosed a short position in Allied Minds as far back as in September 2015 and published a report calling for a 70 percent drop in share price, a successful trade as of last week.
At the time, Woodford called the report "opportunistic", but other short sellers appear to have joined Kerrisdale in recent weeks.
The hedge fund's founder Sahm Adrangi told Reuters it was maintaining a short position.
"We didn't think any of the companies had any real value," Adrangi said of Kerrisdale's original report. "Usually in these situations you see a company that is worth something, but we couldn't find a single holding we thought was worth much above zero."
"If Woodford is not there I don't know why anyone would own Allied Minds," Adrangi said.
According to the latest filings, Woodford's fund owned 28.1 percent of Allied Minds.
On April 7, Invesco disclosed it sold 2.5 million Allied Minds shares, though it still owns 25 percent of the company.
Woodford, who made his name avoiding technology stocks during the tech bubble in the late 1990s, has more recently funded a number start-ups attempting to monetise intellectual property developed by universities.
"We remain strong supporters of the intellectual property commercialisation sector," he said last week. "The businesses we have backed have diverse portfolios of young, disruptive businesses with significant long-term potential."
He declined to comment further when contacted by Reuters.
(Editing by Jane Merriman)
CALGARY, Alberta >> In 90 seconds, the Ducks finished off one of the franchise's greatest comebacks and left the Calgary Flames in total shock.
Corey Perry capped a stunning rally in overtime and the Ducks came all the way back from a three-goal deficit to win 5-4 and take a commanding 3-0 lead in the best-of-7 Western Conference playoff series Monday night at Scotiabank Saddledome.
Perry got the puck in the right circle early in the extra session and fired a shot toward the net that bounced off the back of Calgary defenseman Michael Stone and in past Flames goalie Brian Elliott, triggering a delirious Ducks bench.
Shea Theodore scored twice to trigger the Ducks' wild rally, with his second goal coming with 4:21 left in regulation to pop the joy balloon a red-clad crowd had blown up in celebrating a three-goal lead built by the suddenly befuddled Flames.
Theodore's point shot managed to find its way through traffic past Elliott as Perry and Nate Thompson provided a double screen on the netminder in the slot. Thompson also played a central role in the comeback.
At the 11:14 mark of the third, Thompson got his stick up to deflect a Hampus Lindholm shot downward and in for a 4-3 lead. Flames coach Glen Gulutzan immediately signaled that the Ducks center did so with a high stick but the NHL's situation room ruled Thompson's stick was not above the crossbar.
Until then, there was nothing fluke about the way the Flames went about manhandling the Ducks. And the “different animal” that Ducks coach Randy Carlyle anticipated his team dealing with was trying to devour them away from the hospitable Honda Center.
Countless hits on an already injury-wracked defense and three power-play goals that forced a goalie change drove the Flames, who were roaring from the start in their attempt to get on solid footing in the first-round tussle.
The results were completely different for two periods, with the Flames taking their dominant second period in Game 2 and applying it beyond 20 minutes. Early back-to-back hits by Sam Bennett and Alex Chiasson on Ducks defenseman Kevin Bieksa and Shea Theodore seen to serve as their Game 3 slogan.
Bieksa, in particular, seemed to be their target and had to slowly leave the ice for repair on two occasions. Ducks goalie John Gibson was also in the Flames' crosshairs and he was out of the game for good after Bennett's goal on the result of a Mark Giordano's one-time shot from the point.
It was 4-1 at 8:33 of the second period, with Jonathan Bernier replacing Gibson after four goals allowed on 16 shots. Calgary did a number on the Ducks' penalty kill, with Sean Monahan kicking the game off with a power-play strike and Kris Versteeg make it 2-0 on the man advantage.
Advertisement
In the hours before Game 3, Giordano struck a hopeful, confident tone. The Flames felt they played a Game 2 worthy of a victory but ultimately lost for the 29th consecutive time in Anaheim on Ryan Getzlaf's winning bank shot of a goal off winger Lance Bouma.
“We didn't score on our chances that were real quality chances,” Giordano said. “We hope that changes. But we lost that game on a bounce. We're going to stick to our system.”
Bernier kept the Flames at bay and the Ducks would make them sweat. Continuing his breakout series, Theodore scored the first of his two goals on a shot that Elliott should have stopped to make it 4-2.
And then Jakob Silfverberg struck more fear into the Saddledome crowd by ringing a shot off the crossbar right before the second ended. The Ducks wouldn't be denied from that point on, forging a tie in a game that seemed lost.
“I've always said all along the year, I thought we've developed in dealing with that adversity a lot differently,” Ducks captain Ryan Getzlaf said.-
Less than six months after the “Unite the Right” rally on the campus of the University of Virginia led to a white supremacist running over counter-protesters with lethal results, a new report indicates that white supremacist fliers are popping up on the grounds of more and more college campuses across the country.
Since September 1, 2016, the Anti-Defamation League has recorded 346 instances of white supremacist propaganda everywhere from community colleges to Ivy League schools. Fliers, stickers, banners and posters qualified as instances of propaganda.
The propaganda contain hateful messages attacking Jews, blacks, Muslims, immigrants and the LGBT community, according to the ADL, while promoting an urgent need to "save" the white race.
© REUTERS/ Rex Curry Over 2,000 People Attend Rally Against White Supremacy in US Dallas
Texas, California, Pennsylvania, Florida, Virginia and Ohio have been the hardest hit, the ADL said January 29.
Identity Evropa, Patriot Front, Vanguard America, a group called The Right Stuff, neo-Nazi group Atomwaffen Division, the Daily Stormer and the American Renaissance were the most prolific propagandizers, according to ADL.
To Unite the Right group at Charlottesville, Virginia chanted slogans like "white lives matter," "Jews will not replace us" and "blood and soil" while walking through the campus with torches to protest the removal of a Robert E. Lee statue by the city government. Lee was the commander of the Army of Northern Virginia, one of the primary armies of the secessionist Confederacy during the American Civil War and was a slave owner.
Ironically, the "patriotic" effort to uphold Lee's legacy leaves out the fact that Lee effectively renounced his US citizenship to fight for the Confederate Army in 1861, before eventually surrendering in 1865. After the war, and until Lee died, his US citizenship was not restored.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS — Law enforcement reports that the suspect that fired at Republican staffers and Congressmen at baseball practice Wednesday morning is a man from Illinois. The suspect is identified as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, IL. The shooter's injuries were described as serious. President Donald Trump says that Hodgkinson has died.
Hodgkinson owned a home inspection business. His license expired in November 2016 and was not renewed, state records show.
Belleville police and the FBI are at Hodgkinson's home in rural Belleville Wednesday morning. They are telling media to standby for an update. They are asking reporters to remain at a distance as they investigate.
The Washington Post talked to an acquaintance of Hodgkinson. He tells them that they went to Iowa to campaign for Senator Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign. Hodgkinson is described as a "passionate progressive" and showed no signs of violence.
Sen. Bernie Sanders issued this statement about the shooting: “Our prayers go out for a full recovery of Rep. Scalise, the congressional aides and police officers who were injured. We've got to stop the violence.”
The St. Clair County prosecutor says Hodgkinson has an arrest record. It is not very extensive. He was involved a shoving match. The 2006 case was dismissed after the alleged victim didn't show up for the court hearing. In 2011 he was also involved in a traffic accident.
According to @ILSecOfState #AlexandriaShooting suspect James T. Hodgkinson dissolved his Belleville, IL based inspection business in Dec.'16 pic.twitter.com/AACk4g0S2T — Mike Colombo (@Mike_Colombo) June 14, 2017
Rep. Steve Scalise, a congressional staffer and members of the congressional police force were shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, in what sources are calling an apparent "deliberate attack."
Scalise, the third-ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip, appeared to have been shot in the hip and it appeared two Capitol Hill police agents were shot, according to Rep. Mo Brooks, who told CNN he was on deck when the shooting occurred.
As of 9:45 a.m. ET, Scalise was in stable condition but undergoing surgery, according to a statement from his office.
"Prior to entering surgery, the whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone," the statement said. "He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders, and colleagues."
The shooting took place at a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team.
In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team's coaches, said one of his staff members was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. There was no information on the staffer's injuries.
According to both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a "deliberate attack."
Two law enforcement sources told CNN the shooter, who is in police custody, has been taken to a hospital.
Members of Congress were practicing for a game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park. It was not immediately clear whether it would go on as scheduled. The annual game has been played since 1909.
Lawmakers describe a chaotic scene
Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they've practiced for years, when all of a sudden shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.
Members described Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base, where he had been playing, and lying there until the shooter was neutralized, at which point some of them ran to assist him and apply pressure to the wound until he could be evacuated. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Scalise was coherent the whole time, Flake said.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN "it would have been a massacre" without Capitol Hill Police.
"Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police," Paul said on CNN. "It would have been a massacre without them."
"We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with," Brooks said.
Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.
"50 (shots) would be an understatement, I'm quite sure," Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire.
Flake said two members of Scalise's security detail were wounded, and another man was wounded in the chest.
Brooks said the shooter appeared to be a white male but added that "I saw him for a second or two." He said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn't say anything.
"The gun was a semiautomatic," Brooks said, adding that he was sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind. "It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter."
Capitol Hill increases security, cancels events
The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill, where security was increased and regular proceedings were canceled or postponed.
The House decided to not hold any votes on legislation Wednesday, and many hearings were delayed. The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation.
Capitol Hill Police notified congressional offices that the security presence on the Hill would be increased "out of an abundance of caution."
President Donald Trump also canceled an afternoon event at the Department of Labor.
Virginia Rep. Dave Brat told CNN that he learned of the news in the gym and that members were all standing by for more information as the news unfolded.
The Sergeant at Arms of the House of Representatives, Paul Irving, is scheduled to brief House members on Capitol Hill in the 11 a.m. ET hour.
Trump tweets on the incident
The President is monitoring the situation, the White House said in a statement.
"The Vice President and I are aware of the shooting incident in Virginia and are monitoring developments closely," Trump said in a statement. "We are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police, first responders, and all others affected."
Trump subsequently tweeted, "Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend, and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him."
House Speaker Paul Ryan and Republican Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy are safe on Capitol Hill and receiving updates, aides tell CNN. Neither was at the practice.
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in January 2011. Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a "Congress On Your Corner" event at a Tucson grocery store. Giffords, who authorities said was the main target of the shooting, survived the attack but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured.
Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Sponsored
Do you know who your energy provider is? Did you know you have a choice? After all you send them money every month to keep the electricity flowing. But what's the process behind that flow? Enter the Texas energy grid, which is a combination of the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity.
DANNY Green believes he has the competitive advantage by knowing who is in the jungle before he makes his entrance on I'm A Celebrity … Get Me Out Of Here!
“I feel fortunate in that I've been able to see the field and look at the odds, to check it out and see the placement and there are some pretty good people in there,” Green said ahead of joining the cast as an intruder tonight (Sunday).
Here, News Corp gets the Greens first impressions on the celebrities he will be sharing the South African jungle camp with for what could be up to the next five weeks.
Jackie Gillies: “She would have a good CD collection.”
RELATED: Danny Green slams Brendan Fevola
Camera Icon Danny Green is expecting a K.O. in the jungle. Picture: News Corp Australia, Nigel Wright
Kerry Armstrong: “She looks like a very lovely, sensible lady.”
Peter Rowsthorn: “Cracker.”
Shannon Noll: “I think we are going to get along.”
Simone Holtznagel: “She looks like a good person.”
Tiffany: “I've had a very memorable dance to her song I think We're Alone Now in a bathtub once. With no water in it though.”
Fiona O'Loughlin: “Hilarious, looks like a real gem.”
Anthony Mundine: “Void.”
Josh Gibson: “He's a champion.”
A suspected Daesh terrorist has been killed after fatally wounding a police officer in Istanbul.
© AP Photo/ Lefteris Pitarakis Turkish Security Services Detain 5 Foreign Daesh Suspects in Istanbul
ANKARA (Sputnik) — A suspected member of the Islamic State terror group (Daesh) has been killed after fatally wounding a police officer in the Turkish city of Istanbul, local media reported Monday.
Sozcu newspaper reported, citing sources in law enforcement, that the attacker was one of the two terror suspects who had been detained in an anti-terror operation earlier and had been transported in a police vehicle to a local security office.
The police officer who had been accompanying those apprehended was stabbed by the perpetrator, the newspaper continued. The injured was taken to the hospital where he subsequently died, the reports added.
After the attack, another police officer killed the assailant, according to the publication.
In this stunning video, a dog of the Samoyed breed rides an electric scooter on a busy road in Hohhot, a city in northern China. The pet is standing on its hind legs, next to its owner, who can be seen on a bike with a spaniel. Just take a look at the canine driver's face — pure bliss! The spectators look and sound very impressed by the dog's talent.
THE Boston Celtics picked up an important home win, but it was only after a controversial call had the Milwakee Bucks outraged.
With less than two minutes remaining, and the Celtics up 84-79, Al Horford appeared to have released his shot late, and was thought to have suffered a shot clock violation.
No whistle was blown, and the Celtics would get the ensuing rebound, all but sealing the win, and a 3-2 series lead, for Brad Stevens' side.
The Celtics ultimately walked away with the 92-87 win, with Game 6 of the series set for Friday (AEST) in Milwaukee.
AUSSIES IN ACTION
It was a relatively quiet night for the two Australians on the Bucks, with Thon Maker posting two points and two rebounds in 23 minutes off action off the bench, while Matthew Dellavedova came off the pine for one rebound, one assist, and one steal.
In Philadelphia, Ben Simmons finished with 14 points, 10 rebounds, and six assists, as his 76ers picked up the 104-91 victory over the Heat, closing out the Eastern Conference first round series.
FULL RECAP: CELTICS TAKE 3-2 SERIES LEAD
Al Horford scored 22 points as the Boston Celtics defeated the Milwaukee Bucks 92-87 to take a 3-2 lead in their best-of-seven playoff series.
Horford finished with 14 rebounds and three assists after the Celtics built an early first quarter lead before holding on to claim a vital win at the TD Garden.
The injury-plagued Celtics now have the opportunity to clinch the NBA Eastern Conference first round series in game six in Milwaukee on Thursday.
Boston had led 23-15 at the end of the first period and held a 48-37 advantage at half-time.
Milwaukee responded strongly after the interval but were unable to overturn their first-half deficit despite rallying to outscore the Celtics 26-20 in the final quarter.
Boston's fans were made to sweat through a nervy final few seconds, when an Eric Bledsoe jumper put the Bucks within three points at 87-84.
But the Celtics hit back with two Terry Rozier free throws to put Boston 89-84 ahead, giving the hosts a five-point cushion they defended through to the buzzer.
Khris Middleton led the scoring for the Bucks with 23 points while Giannis Antetokounmpo had 16 points, 10 rebounds and nine assists. Jabari Parker had 17 points and eight rebounds.
WESTBROOK FINED
Russell Westbrook has been fined $10,000 and assessed a postgame technical foul for initiating a confrontation with Utah Jazz center Rudy Gobert on Monday.
The league made the announcement Tuesday.
The Oklahoma City Thunder guard came onto the court as a substitution following a stoppage with 7:55 remaining in the fourth quarter of a 113-96 Game 4 loss to the Jazz.
Camera Icon Russell Westbrook was fined. Picture: AFP
He intervened in an incident between Gobert and Oklahoma City backup point guard Raymond Felton.
Westbrook committed four fouls in the first half and finished with five. He had 23 points and 14 rebounds, but had just three assists and made 7 of 18 shots. The Thunder trail the Jazz 3-1 and host Utah on Wednesday in an elimination game.
ZURICH, April 10 Activist investor RBR Capital Advisors on Monday accused Swiss asset manager GAM Holding of not taking its cost-cutting and board proposals seriously enough .
RBR, which says it owns close to 5 percent of GAM shares, is publicly campaigning for GAM to cut costs by 100 million Swiss francs ($99.1 million), appoint three new board members and a new chairwoman, and replace Chief Executive Alexander Friedman.
"GAM's board of directors has not yet responded to RBR, even to indicate whether the reports have been discussed and reviewed," the Swiss hedge fund said in an open letter to shareholders.
"Furthermore, the current GAM Board has not interviewed any of the proposed RBR candidates. We are disappointed that the GAM board has seemingly not taken our suggestions and work more seriously or even bothered to interview our highly qualified candidates."
In an invitation to the company's annual general meeting on April 27, Zurich-based GAM last week urged shareholders to reject RBR's proposals.
Friedman also said last week the cost-cutting proposals from could endanger the Swiss asset manager's future.
RBR said on March 30 it will scrap its plans if it does not get enough shareholder backing.
A spokeswoman for GAM did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
($1 = 1.0091 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Joshua Franklin)
Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) said Sunday that even before Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore was accused of sexual misconduct by multiple women, he wasn't fit to serve in the Senate.
Calling the Republican National Committee's decision to fund Moore's campaign a “mistake,” she said she was “disappointed” the committee resumed last week its support of the embattled candidate, whom multiple women have said either pursued relationships or made unwanted sexual advances toward them when they were teens and he was in his 30s.
“I would point out that I did not support Mr. Moore even prior to these allegations of sexual misconduct because I was concerned about his anti-Muslim comment, his anti-LGBT comments, most important of all he's been removed twice from the Alabama Supreme Court for failure to follow lawful judicial order,” she said on “Face the Nation” Sunday.
She said her party cares just as much about addressing sexual harassment and assault as Democrats and said members of Congress have a “tough decision to make” about “whether it's our role as senators to overturn the will of the people” when someone is accused of sexual misconduct after they've been elected, like what happened with Sen. Al Franken (D-MN).
“There's a new awakening in our country that this is pervasive, whether we're talking about Hollywood or Wall Street or the media or Capitol Hill,” she said. “And that's why I'm joining a bipartisan group of senators who are trying to look at our own procedures on Capitol Hill to assure that allegations of sexual misconduct involving members or staff are dealt with seriously.”
0 Historic Falcon Heavy launch scheduled: What to know
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - The Space Coast is owning up to its nickname as research and launch activity ramps up for the planned Tuesday ascent of SpaceX's Falcon Heavy rocket.
>> Read more trending news
This mega mission is scheduled to blast off at 1:30 p.m. from the very same pad (39A) used for the Apollo missions. SpaceX's pad was damaged in September 2016 when a rocket exploded.
The Falcon Heavy rocket will be a test launch, starting cost $90 million. This heavy lift vehicle can place about 68.3 metric tons in low Earth orbit. The most a rocket has carried to orbit was the Saturn V with about 118 metric tons, used in the Apollo program in the 1960s and 1970s, and to launch the Skylab space station. The most recent version of a single Falcon 9 rocket can lift 13.2 tons.
Weather won't likely prevent the launch, which has an 80 percent go. The forecast includes thick clouds with 10 to 15 mph south winds.
Here's more about the historic Falcon Heavy liftoff:
It is a test flight.
It is essentially three rockets bolted together to make the heavy vehicle.
Falcon Heavy weighs more than 3.1 million pounds (loaded with kerosene and liquid oxygen) and it's about 229 feet tall.
The middle booster will carry Elon Musk's own Red Tesla Roadster. The Roadster is planned to be near Mars' orbit in a precession Earth Mars elliptical orbit around the sun. The mission will try to prove that it is possible to put payloads into an orbit intersecting Mars. This would help in the mission to put humans in Mars.
Musk presented this project in 2011, and he planned to roll out the heavy rocket in Southern California in late 2012. He hoped for a launch at some point in 2013 -- it was obviously delayed. The rockets were put in position in pad 39A and tested in December 2017.
Falcon Heavy rockets cost a fraction of the price of the future Space Launch System rockets, which are planned to have more lift and put a spacecraft further into space, to Jupiter and beyond. They will probably not be ready until the mid-2020s.
Each rocket has nine engines, making it 27 engines in total that need to ignite in tandem.
The two side rockets will jettison from the center rocket two and a half minutes after liftoff. The center booster will continue for a bit longer before engines are shut off.
All three rockets are planned to land back on Earth: two back at the Cape, and the heavier rocket at an Atlantic barge platform called “Of course, I still love you.”
There is a good chance that this launch may fail (but we certainly hope not!).
If successful, there will be more heavy launches during the first half of 2018 from Cape Canaveral.
Central Florida residents, especially those near the coast -- but as far away as metro Orlando -- may hear a sonic boom.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
RICHMOND, Ky. — Delano Spencer scored 20 points with six 3-pointers, Christian Mekowulu added 19 points, and Tennessee State beat Eastern Kentucky 73-60 on Saturday night to win its fourth straight.
Darreon Reddick scored 11 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for the Tigers (12-11, 7-5 Ohio Valley Conference), who shot 50 per cent from the field and made 16 of 20 free throws.
Spencer bracketed a 10-1 run with 3s for a 42-32 Tigers lead, then hit back-to-back 3s for a 52-43 lead with 10:10 to play. Zach Charles replied with a 3 and the Blazers trailed by six, but got no closer from there.
The Colonels led 21-19 on Nick Mayo's 3, but Ken'Darrius Hamilton's layup sparked a 9-2 run and the Tigers led 32-28 at halftime after holding Eastern Kentucky to 38 per cent shooting from the field.
LONDON (Reuters) - BAE Systems(BAES.L) and Qatar have entered into a contract valued at around 5 billion pounds for the country to buy 24 Typhoon combat aircraft, the British defence group said on Sunday.
RAF Typhoons fly above RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland, December 2, 2015. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
The company said delivery was expected in late 2022 and that the contract was subject “to financing conditions and receipt by the company of first payment, which are expected to be fulfilled no later than mid-2018”.
At a ceremony in Doha British Defence Minister Gavin Williamson and Qatari Minister of State for Defence Affairs Khalid bin Mohammed al Attiyah, oversaw the signing of a deal which the British minister called a “massive vote of confidence, supporting thousands of British jobs and injecting billions into our economy”.
“We are delighted to begin a new chapter in the development of a long-term relationship with the State of Qatar and the Qatar Armed Forces, and we look forward to working alongside our customer as they continue to develop their military capability,” Charles Woodburn, BAE's chief executive, said in a statement.
In September Qatar's defence minister was reported to have signed a letter of intent to buy the 24 Typhoon jets from BAE in a move that could anger other Gulf countries boycotting Doha.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Donald Trump addressed the violence in Charlottesville over the weekend and condemned those responsible.
His remarks are below:
I just met with FBI director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack they killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others.
To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held legally accountable. Justice will be delivered. As I said on Saturday we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred bigotry and violence. It has no place in America.
And as I have said many times before, no matter the color of your skin we all live under the same laws. We all salute the same great flag and we are all made by the same almighty God.
We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans. Racism is evil.
And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.
We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our Creator. We are equal under the law and we are equal under our Constitution.
Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.
Two days ago a young American woman Heather Heyer was tragically killed. Her death fills us with grief and we send her family or thoughts are prayers and our love.
We also mourn the two Virginia state troopers who died in service to their community the Commonwealth and their country.
Troopers Jay Cullen and Berke Bates exemplified the very best of America. And our hearts go out to their families, their friends, and every member of American law enforcement.
These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation.
In time such as these America has always shown its true character.
Responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice.
I promise to restore law and order to our country and to our federal law-enforcement agencies. I promise to follow through on that pledge. We will spare no resource in fighting, so that every American child can grow up free from violence in fear.
We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams and their hearts and to express the love and joy in their souls.
Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America.
Trump mostly silent as violence unfolds over weekend
Democrats and Republicans have excoriated Trump for his unwillingness to condemn the groups behind the violent protests that left one woman dead who was allegedly hit by a car driven by a man with ties to white supremacy groups.
After blaming the violence "on many sides" Saturday, Trump stayed silent for close to 48 hours, letting his trademark bluntness and campaign pledges to call terrorism what it is succumbed to silence and vagueness.
Trump was asked by reporters after he spoke why he waited so long to condemn these hate groups by name and did not respond.
Trump's comments came as he took a short break from his 17-day long working vacation in New York and New Jersey with a trip to the White House. He initially returned to Washington to meet with top administration officials and sign a presidential memorandum directing his US Trade Representative to determine whether an investigation is needed into China's laws and policies related to trade and intellectual property.
Trump led his brief statement by touting his return to Washington and positive economic news. One aide said the President wanted to give the "full picture" of how he sees things -- not only wanting to do Charlottesville in a vacuum.
This was the White House's latest attempt to clarify Trump's comments from Saturday.
An unnamed White House official said Sunday that "of course" the President condemns "white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups," but declined to explain why the President wasn't saying it himself.
Trump also remained mum on Twitter, declining to send a single tweet of his own Sunday, only the fourth in his 207 days as president that Trump has gone a full day without tweeting a message of his own.
***CNN Wire contributed to this report***
"We decided to make it easy, by making it one of the stars in the handle of the Big Dipper. My farm is on a hill and there's nothing obscuring the sky and it was a clear October night.
"We go outside and the four of us are on the lawn, we're staggering on the lawn. And we can't find the Big Dipper.
"It became this ridiculous Monty Python scene where we are turning around, crying, laughing, looking for the Big Dipper. It was such a poignant night and I wanted something to hang it on, a fully remembered memory of a person.
"When I sing that song I will be remembering that night. There's nothing I can do about the loss of my friend. I can just accept it, but that night will come back to me every single time I sing that song."
Cuddy, who founded Blue Rodeo back in the '80s with collaborator Greg Keelor, is 62 now. He's come to a time in life when loss is something with which we are forced to reckon.
Cuddy does it well on "Constellations," expressing the helplessness felt by those facing a dear friend's death. "I'd' like to know what you want me to do," the song's narrator pleads. Of course, there is no answer.
"When you lose somebody, the profundity of the loss is exaggerated by the bewilderment of what to do," Cuddy says. "There is nothing you can do."
When it came time to choose a cover for the new album — his fourth solo project — Cuddy was sent a picture of an old pickup truck parked in front of a home in Santa Monica, Calif. It came from his friend Sally Davies, a New York photographer known for her shots of old cars, dingy diners and fading storefronts.
Cuddy saw the photo and was shocked. He has a '64 Ford pickup on the farm that looks very much like the one he was now staring at.
"We have a family history with that truck, Rob and I," Cuddy explained. "We even have a picture of Rob with his kids and my kids in front of that truck."
Cuddy then asked Davies if she could add a picture of the Big Dipper to the album art. He didn't tell the artist why, but she nonetheless found a place for it, up in the top right corner. You only notice if you're looking for it.
"She put it in so faintly, that you have trouble noticing," Cuddy says. "I hadn't even told her the story. If she had put it in really bold, it would have looked silly, but she put it in faintly.
"Sometimes, the coincidence of these things appear mystical."
Not everything, however, works with that sort of karma. Take the title of the album. It's "Constellation" — singular, not plural like the title of the 'title song' "Constellations."
When asked about the contradiction, Cuddy starts out philosophical: "I guess 'Constellations' in the song means out looking at the constellations ..."
Cuddy stops midsentence with a duplicitous laugh: "That's bogus. I just made that up. I don't exactly know how that happened. It's just a stupid thing. I don't know how it happened and it's not the first time I've done that."
grockingham@thespec.com
905-526-3331 | @RockatTheSpec
April 5 Mondo TV Iberoamerica SA:
* Said on Tuesday it had closed a global agreement with TV Azteca for the broadcast of all series of its library in Mexico, Guatemala and Honduras
* The deal provides for the transfer of broadcast rights on open TV, on the newly released A + channel, of the entire Mondo TV animation library in addition to the first season of the series Heidi, launched on March 13 on pay-TV channel Nickelodeon Latinoamerica
* The portfolio of animated series includes Sissi The Young Empress, The Treasure Island, Angel's Friends, The Drakers, Gormiti and Dinofroz
Source text: bit.ly/2o1mzrl
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
RCMP now say the fire in Lake Country over the weekend is believed to be human caused and accidental
Fire investigators have now completed their investigation into a fire in Lake Country on Saturday and say they believe it was human caused, but not deliberately set.
The blaze broke out early in the evening on Saturday August 12 and took off on the east side of the highway near Lodge Road.
What started as grass fire was whipped up quickly by gusting winds, with the fire threatening nearby homes.
The fire department, with the assistance of BC Wildfire crews, were able to contain the blaze, limiting the damage to a shed structure that was destroyed.
Related: Update: Crews mopping up fire in Lake Country
Cpl. Jesse O'Donaghey says the fire is now being considered accidental in nature and therefore the matter is not being investigated as a criminal arson case.
“The Lake Country RCMP wish to thank the general public, motorists and especially those Lake Country residents who were directly impacted by the immediate tactical evacuations of their homes,” says O'Donaghey.
“It was the rapid response of all emergency crews and stellar fire fighting efforts of the Lake Country Fire Department and support of the BC Wildfire Service, which brought this blaze under control without injuries or loss of life.”
RCMP are still trying to find the person they believe is responsible for deliberately setting a destructive blaze in Lake Country on July 15, a few weeks before this fire. That fire also took off in seconds due to heavy winds and destroyed multiple homes.
Mushroom hunter finds human skeletal remains in rural Ohio
MCCONNELSVILLE, Ohio (AP) — Authorities are working to identify human skeletal remains found by a man searching for mushrooms in a wooded area of rural southeastern Ohio.
The Morgan County Sheriff's Office says the mushroom hunter found the bones Saturday in a recreation area near a campsite east of McConnelsville, roughly 70 miles east of Columbus.
The sheriff's office said the Licking County coroner's office would conduct an autopsy and try to help identify the remains.
The sheriff's office also says personal items were found with the remains, but authorities aren't releasing details about those.
Ohio sheriff: Deputies killed man who aimed rifle at them
ASHTABULA, Ohio (AP) — A northeast Ohio sheriff says two deputies responding to a report about a man threatening to hurt himself and others fatally shot the man when he pointed a rifle at officers.
The Ashtabula County Sheriff Bill Johnson says a Saturday afternoon call from the man's sister sent authorities to a home in Colebrook Township, roughly 50 miles east of Cleveland.
Johnson says deputies found a man in his 50s in the yard, and he refused to drop his rifle. Johnson says the suspect started running away, then turned around, pointed the rifle at the deputies and was shot.
He later died at a hospital. His name wasn't immediately released.
The deputies weren't hurt. They're now on paid administrative leave according to protocol as the shooting is investigated.
Ohio gas prices slip, staying under national average
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Drivers around Ohio have seen gas prices slip a bit lower since last week.
The state average for regular fuel was about $2.32 per gallon in Monday's survey from auto club AAA, the Oil Price Information Service and WEX Inc. That's down a few cents from the average of $2.38 a week ago, but up from about $2.11 at this time last year.
The national average rose two pennies from last week to about $2.41 on Monday. It was much cheaper a year ago, averaging $2.11.
AAA says prices at the pump have been moving higher, as driving demand increases and the switch is made to more expensive summer-blend gasoline.
Police: Warm weather may have led to homicide spike
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — Police in an Ohio city say unseasonably warm weather might have contributed to a spike in killings.
The Blade reports that Toledo has had 14 homicides in the first three months of the year, the highest number in at least 20 years.
Police say homicides are less common in winter months. Lt. Joe Heffernan, a spokesman for Toledo Police, says warm weather creates more opportunities for conflict.
Over the past seven years the city has averaged five killings in the first three months of the year. Before this year; the highest total the newspaper could find in its records was 11, in 2004.
Heffernan said drugs appear to be a factor in more killings this year as well.
Ohio official wants to make Akron area autism friendly
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — A county official in Ohio is hoping to formally declare the Akron area a welcoming place for people with autism.
Summit County Executive Ilene Shapiro said she would introduce a proposal to establish Summit County as “autism friendly” at a council meeting Monday.
Laurie Cramer, executive director of the Autism Society of Greater Akron, told the Akron Beacon Journal that Shapiro's proposal would formalize efforts made over the past several years.
Cramer said her group has worked with others, including the Summit County Developmental Disabilities Board, to promote inclusion of people with autism.
Among their successes are autism-specific story times at the library and a chance to meet the Easter Bunny at a local mall before opening without all the crowds and loud music.
Ohio energy company seeks approval for pipeline project
BLUE ASH, Ohio (AP) — Two key hearings have been set to discuss if a proposed natural gas pipeline can be built under Cincinnati's suburbs.
The Cincinnati Enquirer reports a public hearing June 15 at the University of Cincinnati-Blue Ash campus will allow citizens to express thoughts on the proposed 13-mile long pipeline planned to run under multiple suburbs in northern Cincinnati.
A number of community organizations have already announced that they will oppose the pipeline project.
An adjudicatory hearing is set July 12 in Columbus.
Duke Energy says it wants to extend the pipeline to increase the reliability of natural gas delivery in central Cincinnati.
Another energy company, IGS Energy, has asked to intervene in support of the pipeline project that would begin near the intersection of Butler, Warren and Hamilton counties.
UPDATE 2-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's chief executive job.
Several stories about children as young as 14 getting married have gone viral on social media in Indonesia in recent months, highlighting what many experts warn is a worrying trend of child marriages becoming more mainstream and normalized by society.
The country's deputy minister for child development at the Ministry of Female Empowerment and Child Protection, Lenny Rosalin, made one of the strongest government statements against underage unions yet yesterday by declaring that the rising number of child marriage had reached “emergency” status.
Lenny said that, based on UNICEF data, Indonesia ranks seventh in the world and the second highest in Southeast Asia in terms of the overall percentage of marriages in which at least one of the spouses is under 18 years old. According to government census data, 17% of all Indonesian girls married in 2016 were under 18.
“This means that one in seven women under 18 years old in Indonesia is married. This is an emergency,” Lenny said during at an event titled “The Declaration of the Stop Child Marriage Movement” in Mataram, West Nusa Tenggara yesterday as quoted by Republika.
The deputy minister said that West Nusa Tenggara was one of the provinces with the highest level of child marriage at 25%. Lenny reiterated many of the problems caused by child marriage cited by development experts, such as low education rates due to girls dropping out of school early, higher risk of maternal and infant mortality, higher percentages of child laborers and an overall reduction in the country's Human Development Index (HDI).
Despite the high percentage of child marriages in the area, Lenny said West Nusa Tenggara had taken some important steps to help reduce the rate, praising Governor Muhammad Zainul Majdi for issuing a circular advising local officials that the ideal marriage age for men and women is after they turn 21 years old.
But Lenny said much more work had to be done, which is why the Stop Child Marriage Movement, which seeks to create a united front amongs community, religious and government leaders to end the practice, is so important.
The percentage of child marriages in Indonesia may be significantly higher than even the government census data suggests since many marriages involving underage children are done unofficially through nikah siri, which is a type of marriage that follows religious norms but is not recognized by the state.
The official legal minimum age of marriage in Indonesia is actually 16 for girls and 19 for boys, as stated in Law no. 1/1974 on Marriage. But in that very same law that, there is a contradictory clause that says, “A marriage is recognized if done according to the laws of their religion and beliefs,” which protects nikah siri from being seen as a violation of the law, creating a loophole for child marriages to be legally sanctified.
A draft to introduce punishments for marriages that aren't recognized by the state was put forward to parliament in 2010, but it was never passed into law. In fact, two of Indonesia's largest Islamic organizations, Nahdlatul Ulama and Muhammadiyah, publicly rejected the draft, with their argument being marriage, whether officially recognized by the state or not, is a great way to reduce sexual harassment and/or sex outside marriage.
In April of this year, Indonesian female Muslim clerics issued an unprecedented fatwa (edict) declaring child marriage to be harmful as it is a large contributor to Indonesia's high maternal mortality rate. Furthermore, they cited studies that many Indonesian child brides could not continue their studies once wed and half their marriages ended in divorce in addition to child marriage increasing the risks of exploitation, sexual violence, and domestic abuse.
An "extremely rare" signed copy of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be sold at a Lancashire auction house this morning.
The blue cloth-covered 1935 edition bears the Nazi dictator's signature on the front fly leaf.
It was presented to former BBC and Oxford Mail journalist Peter Cadogan during a visit to Munich in the late 1930s.
It will be sold at Silverwoods auction house on Lincoln Way, Clitheroe and is expected to raise more than £1,000.
Auctioneer James Thompson said some people "wouldn't touch anything Nazi with a bargepole", but others believe the book should be preserved, despite Hitler's appalling reign.
"In a way, it's a way to touch a monster," he added.
Mein Kampf, which translates as My Struggle, was first published in 1925 and sets out Hitler's political ideology and plans for Germany.
The example being sold is thought to be especially rare because Hitler was known to resist signing documents of any kind.
SALINE COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect after a weekend altercation with a shovel.
Just after 10p.m. Friday, deputies responded to the Kampgrounds of America, 1109 West Diamond Drive, after a man allegedly attacked a co-worker, according to Saline County Sheriff Roger Soldan.
A 19-year-old co-worker told deputies Israel Ortiz, 45, of Texas, was staying with the victim and another man at the campground. When Ortiz returned Friday night, the others were asleep in the trailer. According to Soldan, Ortiz became upset because they accidently locked him out.
When a co-worker let him in, Ortiz allegedly attacked the man shovel and fled before deputies arrived.
A deputy located Ortiz later at the Salina Petro, 2125 N. Ninth Street. He was arrested and booked into the Saline County Jail for aggravated battery.
The 19-year-old victim sustained minor injuries and refused medical treatment.
President Donald Trump denounced hate groups at the White House on Monday, responding to critics of his response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virgina surrounding an alt-right rally.
advertisement
“Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said.
The president made his remarks in the Diplomatic Reception Room at the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the FBI Director Chris Wray.
“Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America,” Trump said.
He specifically named Heather Heyer, the 32-year-old woman killed during the protests after a reported Nazi sympathizer allegedly drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters.
“Her death fills us with grief and we send her family our thoughts, our prayers, and our love,” Trump said.
Trump confirmed that the FBI and the Department of Justice were investigating the car attack, vowing to hold accountable any of the protesters who committed a crime during the violence in Charlottesville on Saturday.
“We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence,” he said. “It has no place in America.”
Trump also recognized the two police officers — Lt. H. Jay Cullen, of Midlothian, and 40-year-old Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates — who died in a helicopter crash while supporting the law enforcement response to the violence.
“These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation,” he said. “In times such as these, America has always shown its true character — responding to hate with love, division with unity and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice,” he said.
Trump remarks were a direct answer to his critics who raged at the president for failing to specifically name hate groups in his statement on Saturday.
Some critics, however, made it clear that it did not matter what Trump said on Monday, citing his first response to the crisis.
“No matter what [the president] says now-first instincts always revealing; his was to look into the camera and say “many sides” — that can't be erased,” former Secretary of State John Kerry wrote on Twitter.
The European Investment Bank is to give €35 million to the Cyprus Organisation for Storage and Management of Oil Stocks (COSMOS) to build a 210,000 tonne privately owned storage facility.
The project will focus on enhancing energy efficiency and improve Cyprus`s energy security by increasing the amount of reserve oil stocks held in the country.
“The EU's Energy Union strategy aims to make energy more secure and affordable,” said Commission Vice-President Jyrki Katainen, responsible for Jobs, Growth, Investment and Competitiveness.
“This first EFSI project in Cyprus with COSMOS will help us meet those goals. I encourage more project promoters in Cyprus to contact the EIB with their investment proposals in order to continue boosting growth and creating jobs,” stated the Commission Vice President.
“The Daesh terrorist group is affiliated with the US and Saudi Arabia and carries out terrorist measures under the direction, guidance and support of these two countries,” Iranian Press TV broadcaster quoted Deputy Chief of Staff of Iran's Armed Forces Brigadier General Massoud Jazayeri as saying on Tuesday.
© AP Photo/ Fars News Agency, Mahdi Marizad Iran Sends Its Warships to the Gulf of Aden, Here's Why
“Today, we are witnessing the destructive effects of state terrorism, which is promoted by Saudi Arabia and the US as well as some reactionary countries in the region, in Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan and Yemen and other countries, including some European states,” the Iranian commander said.
Sputnik Persian interviewed a number of Iranian political analysts who said that there is nothing sensational in the remark of Massoud Jazayeri and reminded that the US openly encourages the recruitment of the Saudi nationals studying in the US to fight alongside Daesh (ISIS).
The political analysts referred to the report “From American College Campuses to ISIS Camps: How Hundreds of Saudis Joined ISIS in the US”, which has been recently released by the Institute for Gulf Affairs (IGA) based in Washington, D.C.
The investigation found that approximately 400 Saudi and Kuwaiti citizens who were living in the United States, most of whom were studying abroad on Saudi government-issued scholarships, later left to join terrorist groups like Daesh (ISIS) and al-Nusra. Many of them are US-Saudi dual citizens who were born in the US while their parents studied abroad.
There is evidence that both Saudi and US officials knew of this issue for some time, but refused to do anything about it.
Iranian political analyst and expert in American studies Ali Reza Rezakhah told Sputnik Persian that the US intelligence services close their eyes to the facts of feeding Daesh with Saudi recruits within the limits of their Hornet's Nest Project, earlier revealed by Edward Snowden.
According to this project, US, UK and Israel joined their efforts to “create a terrorist organization capable of centralizing all extremist actions across the world.”
According to the revelation, the project was code-named Beehive — or in other translations, Hornet's Nest — and it was devised to protect Israel from security threats by diverting attention to the newly manufactured regional enemy: ISIS (Daesh).
"There is no sensation in Jazayeri's words. There is a direct link between Saudi Arabia and terrorist organizations operating in the region," Rezakhah told Sputnik.
"This fact can't be denied. It is revealed in the extremist ideology pursued by Daesh. Moreover, extremism is an official religious ideology of Saudi Arabia which it tries to spread even outside of the Islam world," the expert added.
On the other hand, he said, Saudi Arabia is a tool with which the US is implementing it ambitious intentions by nurturing terrorists all over the world. To be a puppeteer of the terrorist groups is part of the so-called "national security strategy" pursued by the US, the Iranian political analyst said.
Under such a scenario, the Saudis act as a source of terrorists whom they pump up with the ideology of Wahabiism, extremism and terror, which was once actively supported by Zbigniew Brzezinski, the expert said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- A San Diego man who was shot multiple times at a country music festival in Las Vegas has returned home.
Jefferey Koishor, a 25-year-old Valley Center man, suffered two gunshot wounds to his leg and hip.
His employer, Travis Heimaster, sacrificed his time and mileage to drive out in an RV and bring Koishor back home.
FOX 5's Sharon Chen sat down with the two men to talk about the journey home.
Continuing Coverage: Las Vegas Massacre
FILE PHOTO - A tourist makes her way past a Greek national flag (L) and a European Union flag on the islet of Saint George, part of the municipality of Kastellorizo, Greece's easternmost island July 30, 2015. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis/File Photo
BERLIN German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble was quoted in a newspaper interview on Sunday saying that Greece has made strong progress towards introducing reforms that could lead to the imminent release of further financial support.
"If the Greek government upholds all the agreements, European finance ministers could complete the review on May 22 and then soon after that release the next tranche," Schaeuble told the Funke media group newspapers.
Greece and its international creditors reached a preliminary agreement at a meeting of euro zone finance ministers in April to set up the next transfer of some 7 billion euros in aid. But the finance ministers will not release the tranche until the audit is completed.
"The longer it takes, the more uncertainty will be in the financial markets and economy," Schaeuble added.
He said the Greek government had promised to make further adjustments in pensions as well as improve tax collection.
Asked why he was optimistic the aid could soon be released, Schaeuble said, "Because we negotiated in a very determined fashion and the Greek government said it would adjust the pensions more strongly to the economic situation.
"That's not easy - I know that. And it wants to improve the tax collection system so that tax revenues will rise again from 2020."
(Reporting by Erik Kirschbaum; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Leaders of the Normandy Four states held a phone conversation having pointed out importance of full sticking to the Easter ceasefire by parties to the Ukrainian conflict, the Kremlin press service said on Tuesday in a statement.
"They welcomed the agreement on resuming the Easter ceasefire achieved during the session of the Contact Group on March 29 and pointed out the importance of full sticking to it," the statement said.
Leaders of Russia, Ukraine, France and Germany also reaffirmed their commitment to full implementation of Minsk agreements.
Also, the leaders called on parties to the Ukrainian conflict to activate work on all-for-all prisoner exchange.
"The leaders called for activating work on solving the issue of all-for-all prisoner exchange," the statement said.
NEWCASTLE Jets' injury-plagued season has been dealt a fresh blow with news that striker Roy O'Donovan is out for up to three months.
The A-League's joint top scorer injured his groin in Saturday's 2-1 win in Perth, though the club have insisted it is not an accentuation of the groin strain from which he had only returned off the bench against Glory.
O'Donovan collided with Perth goalkeeper Liam Reddy and scans revealed a tear in his groin muscles, an injury that looks set to keep the Irishman out until mid-March.
It compounds a season of miserable ill-luck in terms of injuries for the Jets, with star import Ronald Vargas suffering a broken ankle, and Jack Duncan Daniel Georgievski both still out for several weeks.
“First and foremost, I'm disappointed for Roy,” said Jets coach Ernie Merrick.
Camera Icon Roy O'Donovan tore his groin muscle against Perth last weekend. Picture: AAP
“Roy had worked extremely hard to get himself right and our physio, specialist and myself were comfortable with him taking part in the game (against Glory).
“We were actually taking a cautious approach by having Roy return via the bench – but there was nothing we could do to avoid this one.
“Impact injuries like these are part and parcel of football, and unfortunately it seems like we're having more than our fair share at the moment.”
O'Donovan's rehab will be overseen by groin specialist Dr Neil Halpin, who Merrick said had “confirmed that Roy's previous injury had healed well, but this latest one – while on the same side of the body – is in a completely unrelated area.
“At this stage, we won't get drawn into any timelines for recovery but we'll monitor Roy's progress closely and hopefully we can see him back for the final rounds of the regular season.”
'Wake up and stop your imaginings,' Senator Leila de Lima tells defeated senatorial bet Francis Tolentino, who is accusing her of election fraud
Published 9:33 AM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Senator Leila de Lima on Friday, February 2, slammed defeated senatorial candidate Francis Tolentino's "baseless protest and accusations" against her in relation to the 2016 elections.
"Mr Tolentino, you lost your senatorial bid, and this was confirmed upon the opening of the ballot boxes from the 650 clustered precincts that you designated as best exemplifying the alleged fraud or irregularity," De Lima wrote in her latest dispatch from the PNP Custodial Center in Camp Crame, Quezon City, where she is detained over drug charges.
Tolentino ranked 13th during the 2016 elections. His closest rival in the Senate race, De Lima, secured the last Senate seat as the 12th placer.
De Lima said Tolentino knows that he "had no vote recovery" based on the revision or recount of ballots in his pilot precincts. She added that "not an iota of fraud or irregularity" was discovered to cast doubt on the credibility of the 2016 elections.
"You were unable to surpass the votes credited to me, that is why you just had to resort to dilatory tactics. The Filipino people deserve to know the truth. You simply lost. No one cheated you," De Lima said.
The senator said Tolentino is spending millions for his protest "because he was hoping to please his new master."
De Lima made these remarks after Tolentino on Wednesday, January 31, brought up his electoral protest against the senator. The Inquirer reported that Tolentino wants to summon former elections chief Andres Bautista to stand as "hostile witness" in his protest against De Lima.
'With acceptance comes healing'
In her statement, De Lima also called the former Metropolitan Manila Development Authority chairman "pathetic" in urging her to "do a Migz Zubiri" – a reference to Senator Juan Miguel Zubiri who resigned in August 2011, days before the Senate Electoral Tribunal declared Senator Aquilino Pimentel III the rightful winner.
Both are now colleagues in the Senate after Pimentel won in the 2013 elections and Zubiri won in the 2016 elections.
"Need Mr Tolentino be reminded that Pimentel's protest was clearly meritorious as proven by the revision results of massively manufactured election returns from then Ampatuan-controlled province of Maguindanao?" said De Lima, who was then Pimentel's election lawyer.
The senator called Tolentino's "patently frivolous and baseless" protest as nothing compared to Pimentel's election protest.
De Lima said Tolentino is dragging the case by delaying the presentation of evidence, and by resorting to "an unnecessary decryption of ballots."
She claimed this as unnecessary because, according to her, the statement of votes by precinct, the election returns, and the physical count of official ballots all tally and match.
"This is my advice to you, Mr Tolentino, wake up and stop your imaginings. You are already popular. Surely, you do not need a Leila De Lima to boost your popularity or the people's awareness of you. Stand or fall on your own merit. With acceptance comes healing," De Lima added. – Rappler.com
Chef David Wallace joins us this week to share his recipe for butternut soup, perfect for fall days!
I enjoy soup at anytime of year. "Soup is good food". With the anticipation of cooler days just around the corner, many of us are looking forward to a hot bowl of goodness. This recipe for CREME OF BUTTERNUT SQUASH SOUP promises to be super quick, easy. and delicious. Pair it with a salad, some crusty hot bread, and your favorite hot cobbler. BUTTERNUT SQUASH soup can be found on the menus of many fine dining restaurants. Almost every grocer offers pre-diced vegetables, including butternut squash. Locate them in the produce section. Make this easy recipe, in about 10-15 minutes!
CREME OF BUTTERNUT SQUASH SOUP
One 16oz bag of cubed butternut squash. (raw and ready to use)
One family size can of cream of chicken soup. (22.6 oz, any brand)
Salt, garlic powder, and pepper. (ground white pepper is best)
In a 3 quart sauce pot, empty the bag of cubed squash. Add just enough water to cover the vegetable. Bring to a boil, then simmer until tender (about 6-7 minutes). Puree squash and water until smooth. Add the can of chicken soup, whisk until blended, and finish with salt, garlic powder, and white pepper to taste. If soup is too thick, add a touch of milk or heavy cream.
When I serve this soup, I like to garnish it with chopped parsley, toasted pepitas, and very small garlic croutons. Pepitas are toasted squash or pumpkin seeds. You can find them at most grocery stores in East Texas.
Gerland, who had stayed on as assistant coach after Heynckes' departure in 2013, was most recently in charge of Bayern's youth academy, where he is due to return at the end of the season.
"I would not have returned to any other club in the world, but Bayern Munich is an affair of the heart for me," Heynckes said. "My training team and I will now do everything for the team to present successful soccer to the fans again. I'm really looking forward to this task."
Heynckes was a prolific forward during Borussia Moenchengladbach's golden era in the 1960s and 70s, when he also represented West Germany, winning the European Championship in 1972 and the World Cup two years later.
After his retirement as a player, Heynckes' coaching career began at Moenchengladbach in 1979, first as assistant, then as head coach for eight seasons before his first stint at Bayern from 1987-91, when he led the team to two Bundesliga titles.
Work in Spain followed, at Athletic Bilbao, Tenerife and Real Madrid, where he won the Champions League in 1997. After further spells at Benfica, Bilbao again, then Schalke and Moenchengladbach again, he returned to Bavaria in a caretaker role in 2009 to replace Jurgen Klinsmann.
After Leverkusen, Heynckes returned to Bayern for his third stint in 2011, making up for second-place in the Champions League, Bundesliga and German Cup in 2012 by winning them all the following season.
By then Bayern had already announced Pep Guardiola would take over for the 2013-14 season, effectively forcing Heynckes to step aside. He later announced his retirement.
Both Guardiola and Ancelotti, who won the Bundesliga every season, suffered by way of comparison to Heynckes' treble achievement. Guardiola failed to win the Champions League in his three seasons, while Ancelotti's side was outclassed by eventual champion Madrid last season.
Hoeness reportedly has Germany's coach of the year, Julian Nagelsmann, earmarked to take over next season. The 30-year-old Nagelsmann saved Hoffenheim from relegation in his first season, then led it to European soccer after its best ever season in his next.
Hoffenheim was level on points with Bayern after seven rounds of the Bundesliga and loath to let Nagelsmann go before the season ends. In Heynckes, Bavaria is turning to a trusted hand.
By Ciaran Fahey, The Associated Press
[India], June 15 (ANI): After the Union Cabinet slashed the interest rates on farmers' loans and cleared the interest subvention scheme, the Congress on Thursday called on the Centre to stop fooling the farmers and have a 'reality check' instead.
The Congress further said that Centre took this decision out of fear following the Mandsaur firing, where six farmers lost their lives during an agitation.
"The BJP should stop befooling people and the farmers. They are not providing any extra relief. The interest subvention scheme was introduced by UPA government in 2007-08 which was discontinued by the BJP government in 2017-18 by way of concerted conspiracy. After the Mandsaur firing the BJP government got scared and has now continued this scheme. They are trying to get false credit," Congress leader Randeep Singh Surjewala told ANI.
Surjewala further demanded Prime Minister Narendra Modi's apology for not continuing the scheme. Another Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge said, that reducing the interest rate would not be helpful the farmers. "Reducing the interest rate would not benefit farmers. If the government wants to give respite to the farmers who are committing suicide then they have to waive off the farmers' loan. If they really want to help farmers then they should waive off their loans as UPA government did," Kahrege told ANI. The Union Cabinet slashed interest rates on farmers' loans by as much as 4 per cent. Earlier the rate of interest was 9 percent which has now been reduced to 5 percent on loan up to Rs 3 lakh limit. The Centre also cleared the interest subvention scheme for farmers. The Cabinet also decided that crop loans of up to Rs 3 lakh will be made available to the prompt payee farmers at 4 percent interest rate only. It also approved the total expenditure of Rs 20,339 crore in the current financial year as Interest subsidy on short-term crop loans. The Cabinet decision came at a time when the farmers in various parts of India are protesting to get their farm loans waived.(ANI)
LOS ANGELES COUNTY
“Bullshot Crummond”
A parody by John Neville Andrews, Derek Cunningham, Ron House, Alan Shearman and Diz White of low-budget 1930s detective movies.
When: Opens 8 p.m. June 1. Show runs 8 p.m. Friday-Saturday; 2:30 p.m. Sunday through June 24. Also, 8 p.m. June 7 and June 21.
Where: West Valley Playhouse, 7242 Owensmouth Ave., Canoga Park.
Tickets: $28; $26 seniors and students.
Information: 818-884-1907, www.wvplayhouse.com
“Coriolanus”
William Shakespeare's tragedy about political manipulation and revenge.
When: Opens 8 p.m. June 2. Show runs 8 p.m. June 9; 4 p.m. June 16 and 23; dates through Sept. 23.
Where: Will Geer's Theatricum Botanicum, 1419 N. Topanga Canyon Blvd., Topanga.
Tickets: $25/$38.50; $15/$25 ages 65 and older and students; $10 ages 5-15.
Information: 310-455-3723, www.theatricum.com
“A Midsummer Night's Dream”
William Shakespeare's romantic comedy.
When: Opens 4 p.m. June 3. Show runs 4 p.m. June 10, 17 and 24; dates through Sept. 3.
Where: Will Geer's Theatricum Botanicum, 1419 N. Topanga Canyon Blvd., Topanga.
Tickets: $25/$38.50; $15/$25 ages 65 and older and students; $10 ages 5-15.
Information: 310-455-3723. www.theatricum.com
“With Love, Marilyn”
One-woman play by Erin Sullivan about Marilyn Monroe.
When: 8 p.m. June 4.
Where: Rockwell Table & Stage, 1714 N. Vermont Ave., Los Angeles.
Tickets: $20-$40 (plus two-item drink/food minimum).
Information: 323-669-1550.www.rockwell-la.com
Hollywood Fringe Festival
Various entertainment including absurd, comedy, dance, drama, dramedy, dark humor, ensemble, historical, inspiring, LGBT, musical theater, political, solo, storytelling and women.
When: June 7-24. Some shows have earlier previews, May 31-June 5.
Information: Check www.hollywoodfringe.org for shows, tickets, opening and closing parties and venues.
ORANGE COUNTY
“Clyburne Park”
Bruce Norris' spin-off of Lorraine Hansberry's groundbreaking drama “A Raisin in the Sun” looks at the evolving state of race and real estate in a Chicago neighborhood with sharp satire. Note: The play contains strong language.
When: Previews begin Wednesday, June 6. 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, June 6, and 2 and 7:30 p.m. Thursday, June 7. Regular performances begin Sunday, June 10 and continue through June 24.
Where: Laguna Playhouse, 606 Laguna Canyon Road, Laguna Beach
Tickets: $51-$71 for previews; $56-$81 for regular performances
Information: 949-497-2787; lagunaplayhouse.com
“Elvis '68”
Casey Ryan stars as Elvis Presley in this behind-the-scenes recreation of the TV performance that came to be known as the '68 Comeback Special.
When: 8 p.m. Friday, June 1 and Saturday, June 2; 6 p.m. Sunday, June 3. Show runs through June 9.
Where: Maverick Theater, 110 E. Walnut Ave., Fullerton
Tickets: $30 general admission, $15 students with ID
Information: 714-526-7070; mavericktheater.com
RIVERSIDE COUNTY
“King Lear”
Shakespeare in the Vines kicks off its season with the classic tragedy from the Bard where the titular character descends into madness.
When: 7:30 p.m. June 7-10, 14-17 and 21-23.
Where: Baily Vineyard & Winery, 33440 La Serena Way, Temecula
Tickets: $22 general admission; $30 reserved seating; $17 for seniors (55 and older), students and military with valid photo ID.
Information: www.shakespeareinthevines.org; 951-402-7488
“Sister Act”
The Temecula Valley Players will put on the musical based on the Whoopi Goldberg movie about a singer in the witness protection program posing as a nun.
When: 7:30 p.m. June 7-9, 14-16, 21-23; 2 p.m. June 10, 17 and 24.
Where: Old Town Temecula Community Theater, 42051 Main St., Temecula
Tickets: $12 on Thursdays; $17 and $27 on Fridays; $22 and $27 on Satursays and Sundays.
Information: tickets.temeculatheater.org; 866-653-8696
SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY
3 on the Edge Festival
The Chino Community Theatre will present three plays from Edward Albee, including “A Delicate Balance,” “Seascape” and “Marriage Play” at various times through June 10.
When: June 1-3 and June 7-10
Where: 13123 7th St., Chino
Tickets: $15 for adults; $12 for seniors and students. Festival pass $36 for adults; $30 for seniors and students. Festival tickets must be purchased by calling the box office.
Information: www.chinocommunitytheatre.org; 909-590-1149
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A man believed to have opened fire on police on Sunday in Morrinsville has been named as 36-year-old Rollie James Heke.
Heke is believed to be armed and dangerous and should not be approached, police said.
Three officers fled for their lives after Heke allegedly began shooting at them after a police pursuit in the Waikato town just after midnight on Sunday.
The incident sparked a major manhunt involving around 30 staff including Armed Offenders Squad members.
Advertisement
Police said Heke is actively avoiding them and is known to have links to Hamilton, Auckland and Tauranga.
He has several existing warrants to arrest for methamphetamine-related offences and breaching bail conditions.
Heke featured on Police 10-7 in March this year after he cut off his electronic monitoring bracelet and went on the run.
Police at the time said he had a warrant to arrest for charges including importing methamphetamine, and warned not to approach him as he was considered dangerous.
He also featured on the TV show in 2016 after he breached his bail conditions. He was described as 6ft and of medium build.
He was among a group of Rimutaka Prison inmates charged with conspiring to import methamphetamine in 2014.
Police asked anyone who saw Heke or knew where he was to call 111 immediately.
"Police would like to remind anyone who is assisting Heke to avoid apprehension that they are committing a criminal offence and could face charges themselves."
Anyone with information on Heke's whereabouts is asked to contact Waikato Police on (07) 858 6200 or report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Speech to Text for News 10 Saturday Morning Weather
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
locust... it began at 8 this morning...giving "cub scouts" the opportunity to celebrate their hardwork in creating their own car and racing to see if they are the fastest...in all the wabash valley. head out there this morning to show some support! mostly cloudy and mild for your saturday. temperatures getting to 40 with breezy conditions today. then tonight we start to see snow showers roll in. expecting an inch at the most through the overnight, with lows dropping down to 31. tomorrow the snow continues, but turns to a rain/snow mix by late morning. highs tomorrow getting to 35. heading into tomorrow night, cooling off quickly, and back into the single digits. the clock is ticking down to the biggest sporting event of the year -- the super bowl! but the big game isn't just your saturday. temperatures getting to 40 with breezy conditions today. then tonight we start to see snow showers roll in. expecting an inch at the most through the overnight, with lows dropping down to 31. tomorrow the snow continues, but turns to a rain/snow mix by late morning. highs tomorrow getting to 35. heading into tomorrow night, cooling off quickly, and back into the single digits. the clock is ticking down to the biggest sporting event of the year -- the super bowl! but the big game isn't just your saturday. temperatures getting to 40 with breezy conditions today. then tonight we start to see snow showers roll in. expecting an inch at the most through the overnight, with lows dropping down to 31. tomorrow the snow continues, but turns to a rain/snow mix by late morning. highs tomorrow getting to 35. heading into tomorrow night, cooling off quickly, and back into the single digits. the clock is ticking down to the biggest sporting event your saturday. temperatures getting to 40 with breezy conditions today. then tonight we start to see snow showers roll in. expecting an inch at the most through the overnight, with lows dropping down to 31. tomorrow the snow continues, but turns to a rain/snow mix by late morning. highs tomorrow getting to 35. heading into tomorrow night, cooling off quickly, and back into the single digits. the clock is ticking down to the biggest sporting event your saturday. temperatures getting to 40 with breezy conditions today. then tonight we start to see snow showers roll in. expecting an inch at the most through the overnight, with lows dropping down to 31. tomorrow the snow continues, but turns to a rain/snow mix by late morning. highs tomorrow getting to 35. heading into tomorrow night, cooling off quickly, and back into the single digits. the clock is ticking down to the biggest sporting event your saturday. temperatures getting to 40 with breezy conditions today. then tonight we start to see snow showers roll in. expecting an inch at the most through the overnight, with lows dropping down to 31. tomorrow the snow continues, but turns to a rain/snow mix by late morning. highs tomorrow
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Arcturus Therapeutics Ltd:
* ARCTURUS THERAPEUTICS APPOINTS MARK HERBERT AS INTERIM PRESIDENT
* ARCTURUS THERAPEUTICS - APPOINTMENT OF MARK HERBERT AS INTERIM PRESIDENT FOLLOWS DECISION OF BOARD TO TERMINATE JOSEPH E. PAYNE AS PRESIDENT AND CEO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You might have heard about the Bristol Hum which has haunted some residents for nearly half a century by keeping them awake at night.
But a Larkhall resident believes the hum, which was first reported in the 1970s, has reached Bath and says it has been making her ill for years.
Jay Jacobs, who has lived in her Larkhall flat for five years, said: “I didn't know that so many people had heard it all over the world.
“I've been hearing it for years, but it's getting so much worse recently. It keeps me up at night.
“It's a constant dull noise throughout the day and at 3am it gets worse until 6am when it dies down.
(Image: Artur Lesniak)
“It vibrates my bed, that's how bad it is and I keep me awake at night. I can feel the pressure.”
Mrs Jacobs, like many others, said she has experienced unpleasant symptoms such as feeling lightheaded and dizzy, which she believes are down to the mysterious noise.
The Bath resident said she frequently suffers from headaches, nosebleeds and tremors which she only experiences when in her flat.
“It makes me not want to go home, that's how bad it's gotten,” she said.
“I volunteer for a charity in Bath and I don't want to go home at the end of the day,” added Mrs Jacobs.
After keeping her experiences a secret for years, Mrs Jacobs confided in her son but thought he wouldn't believe her.
“When I told him, he said he had heard it too and told me to research it online.
“I found that there are so many people who have heard it. People in Bristol, Scotland and all over the world.”
Similar phenomena have been reported across the world from Largs in Scotland to Taos in New Mexico.
The strange hum even caught the attention of some scientists who have been trying to confirm the sound and find the cause.
Last year some scientists thought the Bristol Hum, described as a low droning sound, could be caused by the pressure of waves vibrating on the ocean floor.
But despite senior research scientists at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique providing an answer, some still believe the noise is caused by wind turbines - or even UFOs.
In a bid to find a solution to the noise and to resolve her disturbed sleep, Mrs Jacobs wants to reach out to others who have heard the humming sound in Bath.
“I know I'm not the only one.
“I hope that other people have heard it too. Researching [the hum] online and finding others who have heard it too has given me some solidarity.
“There must be other people in the area, or even in the villages who have heard it.
“Hopefully we can get some answers,” added Mrs Jacobs.
The Bath Chronicle has launched a WhatsApp group to help you keep up to date with the latest news. If you'd like to receive breaking news alerts, save the number 07939 497390 to your phone - we recommend saving the contact as 'Bath Chronicle News' - then send the word NEWS to us via WhatsApp. We will send you a maximum of four messages a day and your phone number won't be shared with other members of the group or used for any other purpose.
WA'S most prestigious university plans to use a contentious online course to teach students how to recognise and obtain sexual consent.
The University of WA has confirmed it will introduce Consent Matters, an online course which uses animated stick figures to illustrate what is and what is not consent to sex.
News that some universities in other States have made it compulsory for students to pass the course to be able to graduate provoked outrage this week.
A spokeswoman said UWA would introduce Consent Matters as part of its sexual health and relationships education strategy, but there were no plans to make it compulsory “at this stage”.
She said the university's residential colleges were likely to use the online modules before they were offered more broadly across the campus.
WA's other four universities said they were not using the Consent Matters course, designed by London company Epigeum, though several were rolling out consent training in response to a Human Rights Commission report which found one in five students had been sexually harassed in a university setting in 2016.
Camera Icon The University of UWA is to introduce an online course which uses animated stick figures to illustrate what is and what is not consent to sex. Picture: Supplied
National Union of Students women's officer Kate Crossin said the program was a cheap alternative to evidence-based courses that could change campus behaviour.
“It isn't a proper solution,” she said. “It's a cheap, bandaid approach.”
Cowan MP Anne Aly, a former university professor who has developed sexual harassment training, criticised the online course as a “tick-the-box” exercise.
“While I think it may go some way to raising awareness ... it certainly will not change behaviour,” she said.
UWA student guild president Megan Lee said consent training should be made compulsory for all students.
“The Guild thinks it is positive that the university is engaging with this issue and would like to see the university striving to exceed the national standards for education prevention,” she said.
The UWA spokeswoman said Consent Matters was designed to be used with workshops and face-to-face training.
“It is rarely used as a stand-alone resource,” she said.
Get some shopping done and grab your tickets!
We'll be in Royal Palm Beach today at Winn-Dixie off Okeechobee and RPB Blvd.
Stop by and grab your $30 discounted Rib Round Up tickets (No Extra Fees)
MORE
[India], Mar. 20 (ANI): India on Monday handed over the 18th diesel-electric locomotive to Myanmar, thereby completing the first project under the current Indian line of credit (LoC) to the eastern neighbour.
These 18 locos are fitted with the microprocessor control based system. 1350 HP AC/DC main line diesel locomotives with a maximum speed of 100 KM PH have been customised for the Myanma Railways, built by Diesel Locomotive Works, Varanasi. They are also extremely fuel-efficient and equipped with the latest features. Most of these supplies in the railway sector have been carried out under Indian Line of Credit.
Minister of State for Railways Rajen Gohain attended the formal handing over ceremony of 18th AC-DC 1350 HP diesel-electric locomotive to Myanma Railways, supplied by RITES and manufactured by Diesel Locomotive Works. RITES Ltd., a PSU of the Ministry of Railways, is a principal partner of the Myanma Railways. Speaking at the occasion, Gohain expressed satisfaction on the close cooperation between the two railway systems on regular basis since last 20 years. He also congratulated Indian Railways in completing the project, much ahead of delivery schedule and providing locomotives with many contemporary new features over the earlier supplies. The minister also thanked the Indian Embassy in Myanmar for their coordination and assistance with the Myanmar authorities in the easy facilitation of the project. Gohain said that this association will help strengthen friendly border relations with India. (ANI)
When Michael Benevenga and his girlfriend Amanda Baker booked an adventure at Mission Possible Escape Rooms in Burlington recently, Amanda thought it was just another fun night for the couple.
Michael had an additional experience planned, however, teaming up with the staff of the South Service Road facility to set up a surprise ending for Amanda — popping the big question.
Mission Possible Escape Rooms offers various escape room puzzles that are one hour in length and geared toward participants of all ages. Rooms and adventures include Pirate Captive, Escape from the Bronx, Mafia Madness and the adventure Michael chose, Bounty Hunter Gone Rogue.
The staff took Michael through the entire game and changed the final puzzle, which unlocked not the game-ending key, but an engagement ring.
Michael, who had left the ring and his cellphone in a room for staff to handle, had his efforts pay off, as Amanda “unlocked” the final puzzle and found the ring. Stunned, she happily accepted Michael's marriage proposal while staff captured the moment with photos and video.
“It was such an honour for us to be a part of such a special event,” said Mission Possible owner James Foley, who said the happy couple were thrilled with the memorable evening.
In a note sent to the facility's staff, the couple — both Burlington residents who have been dating just over a year — thanked Mission Possible for being so accommodating and changing the room to help make the day so special.
“This is a memory we won't soon escape from. The hunt is over and thanks to them we are on to our next adventure.”
Two people are facing felony charges related to the fatal shooting of a man who was dropped off at an Elyria hospital with gunshot wounds last month.
Scroll for more content...
According to police, 20-year-old Jeffrey P. Miraldi and his girlfriend, 19-year-old Jenna Turner have both been charged with tampering with evidence, a third-degree felony.
According to police, Miraldi drove 19-year-old Cody Snyder to the hospital after he was shot.
Around 8:47 p.m., on Jan. 23, Miraldi pulled up to an emergency room door of University Hospitals Elyria Medical Center and started yelling for help from inside the vehicle.
Snyder was taken inside for treatment but was pronounced dead a short time later.
Authorities later charged 18-year-old Kajaun J. Anderson and two juveniles - ages 16 and 17 - with aggravated murder.
Miraldi and Turner were charged after police said the two attempted to hide evidence relating to the incident.
Turner told detectives that she took Snyder's cell phone in order to keep her and her boyfriend from getting into trouble. Turner was concerned that the phone had incriminating data on it, authorities said.
According to investigators, Miraldi was apprehensive about a drug deal and borrowed a gun from a friend to keep in his car for protection. After Snyder was shot, Miraldi allegedly disposed of the gun.
Police have not said if the gun that Miraldi is accused of tossing was the same weapon that was used to shoot Snyder.
Turner was arrested on Jan. 25 and taken to the Lorain County Jail. She was given a $10,000 bond. Miraldi was arrested on Feb. 2, taken to the county jail and held in lieu of a $200,000 bond.
Additional charges are expected, police said.
THE PRESIDENT of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, the body which hands out the Oscars, is being investigated for sexual harassment, US media reported on Friday.
The trade publication Variety and CBS News said the Academy immediately opened an investigation after receiving three harassment claims against John Bailey last Wednesday. In response, the Academy issued a statement saying that it “treats any complaints confidentially to protect all parties.”
The group's membership committee “reviews all complaints brought against Academy members according to our Standards of Conduct process, and after completing reviews, reports to the Board of Governors.” It added: “We will not comment further on such matters until the full review is completed.”
In December, the Academy adopted a code of conduct for its members.
Bailey, 75, a cinematographer whose credits include Groundhog Day and The Big Chill, was elected to a four-year term as head of the Academy in August. Bailey's brief tenure has been marked by the birth of the #MeToo movement started by actress Alyssa Milano and which went global, highlighting accusations of sexual abuse.
At a February lunch for this year's Oscar nominees, Bailey promised the Academy would adopt a “greater awareness and responsibility in balancing gender, race, ethnicity, and religion.” — AFP
Tuesday will see a dry but cool start with some sunny spells. Cloud will increase from the west in the afternoon and a few patches of light rain or drizzle will develop. Highest temperatures of 12 to 14 degrees in mostly light and variable breezes.
Tonight
Tonight will be mostly cloudy, with patchy light rain and drizzle. Mist and fog will develop in places also. A mild night, with the lowest temperatures of 5 to 8 degrees in mostly light, southwest winds.
Tomorrow
Tomorrow, Wednesday will be mostly cloudy, with light rain and drizzle in places. There will also be a few patches of mist and fog on hills and in some coastal areas. Highest temperatures of 11 to 14 degrees, in light to moderate southwest winds.
By Swati Pandey
SYDNEY (Reuters) - The craze for cryptocurrencies entered a new chapter on Monday as bitcoin futures rocketed by one-fifth of their value at a closely-watched launch, while Asian shares climbed amid optimism about global growth.
The most-traded contract on the Chicago-based CBOE Global Markets exchange opened at $15,460 in New York on Sunday evening, before leaping to a high of $18,700 - a gain of 21 percent. They were last quoted at $17,550 a premium of more than $1,600 to the price on Gemini Exchange.
The futures are cash-settled contracts based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
The cryptocurrency has boasted a gravity-defying 15-fold gain since the start of the year, attracting institutional interest and no small amount of question marks.
The acting governor of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand on Sunday said bitcoin appeared to be a "classic case" of a bubble.
"With a bubble you never know how far it is going to go before it comes around," Grant Spencer told TVNZ.
Some market participants believe the fallout across other financial assets from a potential bursting of the bubble will be limited.
"Bitcoin's market capitalisation is currently around $240 billion, which is much smaller, say, than the value of gold outstanding," said Andrew Kenningham, economist at Capital Economics.
"If the price of bitcoin fell to zero today, the paper losses would be equivalent to a 0.6 percent fall in U.S. equity prices. As most investors have bought bitcoin at much lower prices, the relevant losses would arguably be smaller."
Asian shares were buoyant following strong U.S payrolls data and better-than-expected Chinese trade data on Friday.
The MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up 0.4 percent, staying well above a recent two-month trough of 542.27 points.
Japan's Nikkei added 0.4 percent while Chinese shares rallied, with the blue-chip CSI 300 index up 0.9 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 0.5 percent.
RATE RISES?
Currency market investors were cautious ahead of a big week for policy meetings globally, with the Federal Reserve the only major central bank expected to raise interest rates. The Bank of England and the European Central Bank are likely to hold rates steady.
The dollar rose to a near one-month top against the yen, after climbing 1.2 percent last week. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was steady near a three-week high.
Traders will keep their eyes peeled for the Fed's future rate projections as U.S. wages growth and inflation crawl at a snail's pace.
Data out on Friday showed average hourly earnings in the United States nudged up 5 cents or 0.2 percent in November when economists had looked for a 0.3 percent gain.
The weakness persisted despite stronger-than-expected non-farm payrolls, which rose by 228,000 in November.
"We'll be listening close for any signs of a dovish shift," said Aerin Williams, New York-based forex strategist for Citi about the Dec. 12-13 Fed meeting.
Elsewhere, oil prices slipped after the latest rise in the U.S rig count pointed to an increase in production there.
U.S. crude was down 24 cents at $57.12 a barrel and Brent crude inched 27 cents lower to $63.14, drifting away from a recent 2-1/2 year peak of $64.65.
Spot gold was barely changed at $1,248.06 an ounce.
(Editing by Sam Holmes and Richard Borsuk)
LONDON British pop punk band Busted say their reunion after a decade apart feels "normal now" as they adapt to a new music industry since the height of their success in the early 2000s.
Charlie Simpson, James Bourne and Matt Willis announced in late 2015 that the trio, known for hits like "What I Go To School For" and "Year 3000", was reforming. They have since been on an arena tour in Britain and Ireland and released the album "Night Driver" in November.
"It kind of feels normal now. It doesn't really feel weird or strange anymore, it kind of feels like this is our band and we're doing it again. It kind of feels right," Willis told Reuters in an interview.
Simpson, who originally left Busted to perform in a rock band, said he believed music had changed significantly since the group first emerged, namely with streaming.
"I think it's changed in the last 18 months. Since we were first around it's basically a different industry," he said.
"The way people consume music has changed...It keeps us on our toes because you've got to keep moving with it. I think in five years time it'll look very different to the way it is today," he said.
Busted were speaking ahead of a performance on Tuesday night for the Teenage Cancer Trust, where they were supporting singer Ed Sheeran.
(Reporting by Francis Maguire; Writing by Marie-Louise Gumuchian, editing by Ed Osmond)
There is room for two Kylies in this world after all.
It's been a year since Kylie Minogue won the legal battle against Kylie Jenner over the trademark of their shared first name. And on Friday, the “Dancing” singer, 49, finally opened up about her thoughts on the Keeping Up with the Kardashians reality star, 20, and their bout.
“I've never met Kylie Jenner. I've never met any member of the family – actually, I've met Kendall just in passing at a fashion event – but I honestly don't know them,” Minogue told Rolling Stone.
“It's awkward because fans get so loyal and vocal, and we love that! But it was nothing personal at all, I'm at pains to say. Trademark is long, it's boring, it's expensive, and it's really important. I've been doing that for years and years,” she said.
Adding, “It was just causing confusion with customers. As long as it's clear, then we can all win. I'm sure I'll meet them one day.”
RELATED GALLERY: Beyond Kylie vs. Kylie: 9 More Celebrity Trademark Battles
Kylie Minogue and Kylie Jenner Getty (2)
RELATED: Which Decade of Kylie Do You Prefer?
In February 2017, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office reportedly rejected Jenner's 2014 trademark request she planned to use to grow fashion and beauty lines under the brand name “Kylie.”
KDB, an Australian-based business representing Minogue filed a notice of opposition to Jenner's application in February 2016. “Hello My name is KYLIE #lightyears,” she tweeted at the same, quoting a lyric her 2000 track “Light Years” and seemingly pointing out the years of experience she believes she has over Jenner.
WATCH: Where's Kylie Jenner? Inside the Pregnant Makeup Mogul's Quiet Life
“The weird thing is, in America, when I am there, they would never introduce me just as ‘Kylie'; it's still ‘Kylie Minogue.' It took so long for people to get my name in the first place,” Minogue said to Rolling Stone.
Meanwhile, Jenner is expecting her first child with rapper boyfriend Travis Scott.
PEOPLE first confirmed the makeup mogul was pregnant in September, with a source revealing that Jenner and Scott would welcome a daughter in February. Jenner's sister Khloé Kardashian is also expecting her first child — a boy — with NBA boyfriend Tristan Thompson.
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday.
© AP Photo/ Richard Drew Erdoğan Suggests No End to Turkey's Post-Coup State of Emergency
ANKARA (Sputnik) — The Turkish Cabinet backed on Monday the extension of the state of emergency in the country for another three months, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said.
"We have a recommendation by the National Security Council to extend the state of emergency for another 3 months. We adopted this decision. It will arrive in the parliament for approval on Wednesday," Kurtulmus told reporters in Ankara.
The state of emergency has been in place in Turkey since shortly after the failed July 2016 coup.
The National Security Council advised the cabinet to extend the state of emergency after a 50-minute-long meeting chaired by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The president has been ruling the country by decree after a military coup on July 15, 2016 to depose him failed. Erdoğan accused US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen of masterminding the coup and launched a crackdown on his alleged supporters using newly acquired powers, which were to expire this month.
A FAMILY home with a one-week old baby inside has been showered with bullets in Frankston in Melbourne's south east early this morning.
A car parked at the Warrain St property was also set on fire.
Police are investigating after shots were fired into a house about 5am.
Three adults and a one week old baby were in the house at the time of the shooting, a police spokesman said.
There have been no reports of injuries.
About ten minutes after the incident, it's understood a car was set on fire in Carramar Drive, also in Frankston.
Police are investigating if the incidents are related.
The investigation is ongoing.
ryan.tennison@news.com.au
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - The president of a Texas-based wind energy trade group has been subpoenaed to appear before an Oklahoma grand jury looking into a state lawmaker's claim that someone connected to the industry is responsible for putting a tracking device on his pickup.
Court documents filed in Austin, Texas, show The Wind Coalition President Jeffrey Clark has been directed to appear before the Oklahoma multicounty grand jury in June. The subpoena also seeks business records pertaining to "research and data gathering activities" linked to Rep. Mark McBride of Moore. The Republican has worked on legislation aimed at taxing wind-energy companies.
Austin political consultant George Shipley also has been subpoenaed.
Attorneys for Shipley and Clark didn't immediately return phone messages Wednesday seeking comment.
Existence of the subpoenas was first reported by The Oklahoman.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NBC is holding “crisis meetings” as the network has come under intense pressure to pull anchor Megyn Kelly's upcoming interview with controversial InfoWars founder and radio host Alex Jones, according to a report.
The planned interview — in which Kelly questions Jones about his previous assertion that the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary school massacre was a hoax — is scheduled to air on Sunday June 18 as part of the anchor's new show, Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly.
However, NBC has faced pressure from social media users — including some relatives of the victims of the Sandy Hook attack — to cancel the interview. In the wake of the controversy, J.P Morgan Chase reportedly decided to temporarily pull its advertising from the network.
Nevertheless, the network has pledged to move ahead with the interview, with NBC News Chairman Andy Lack saying the interview will be edited to provide sensitivity to the Sandy Hook victims.
“No one expected sponsors to pull out, but this is why they hired Megyn. They expect to lose and gain viewers and they want the buzz,” one source told Page Six.
Next Sunday, I sit down with conservative radio host @RealAlexJones to discuss controversies and conspiracies #SundayNight June 18 on NBC pic.twitter.com/7bVz6Fobf5 — Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) June 11, 2017
However, Page Six reported that the network held multiple meetings Wednesday to discuss its response to the criticism, with some employees urging the network to axe the interview.
“It's a sh*t show. No one wants to withstand a whole week of criticism over this. There are a number of people who want to pull the interview,” an unnamed source told the outlet.
In a statement posted to her Twitter account Tuesday, Kelly said:
“I find Alex Jones' suggestion that Sandy Hook was ‘a hoax' as personally revolting as every other rational person does. It left me, and many other Americans, asking the very question that prompted this interview: How does Jones, who traffics in these outrageous conspiracy theories, have the respect of the president of the United States and a growing audience of millions?”
As a result of the controversy, Kelly has agreed to step down as host of a gun violence prevention fundraiser being held Wednesday by Sandy Hook Promise, a group that was founded after the 2012 attack.
“What I think we're doing is journalism,” she said. “The bottom line is that while it's not always popular, it's important. I would submit to you that neither I nor NBC News has elevated Alex Jones in any way. He's been elevated by 5 or 6 million viewers or listeners, and by the president of the United States. As you know, journalists don't get the choice over who has power or influence in our country.”
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart.com
JANUARY transfer window headliners Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexis Sanchez opened their accounts for their respective new clubs, as the Gunners and Manchester United cruised to victories overnight, while Burnley added another blemish to Manchester City's record.
WATCH EVERY OVERNIGHT PL GOAL IN THE VIDEO ABOVE!
Henrikh Mkhitaryan nabbed three assists for Arsenal as they beat Everton 5-1 while Brighton netted a pair of stunners as the Seagulls shocked West Ham.
Swansea moved out of the drop zone, at the expense of Aaron Mooy's Huddersfield, with a draw against Leicester, Bournemouth enjoyed a second half revival to beat Stoke and Southampton bested West Brom in a five goal classic.
Here's a wrap of all the Premier League overnight action!
BURNLEY 1-1 MANCHESTER CITY
Pep Guardiola absolved Raheem Sterling of the blame for Manchester City's failure to win at Burnley.
Sterling side-footed wide in front of an open goal in the second half when City was leading through Danilo's strike on Saturday. Burnley made the most of the reprieve, with Johann Berg Gudmundsson snatching a 1-1 draw in the 82nd minute as City dropped points for only the fourth time in the English Premier League.
“We are sad for the dropped two points, but to come here and play the way we played is almost impossible,” Guardiola said. “We controlled the long balls and we made an amazing buildup. Doing it in Burnley it is so complicated. “What we have done today is - wow - one of the best performances we have done this season by far. We controlled many situations. That is why I am optimistic.” Despite the wealth of talent, City's matchday squad was depleted and Guardiola was able to name only six substitutes.
Camera Icon Manchester City's English midfielder Raheem Sterling's miss of the season contender Picture: AFP
“We didn't have any more players,” Guardiola said. “They are injured. I would like to have 18 players, but we had 17. I could have called one of the second team, but we decided they were not going to play.” City's breakthrough came from an unusual source in the 22nd minute after Sterling won a corner. The set-piece was taken short and Kevin De Bruyne found Danilo in space outside the area. The Brazilian picked his spot and delivered a superb shot beyond goalkeeper Nick Pope.
City continued to press and Sergio Aguero had an effort blocked before Sterling and De Bruyne shot at the keeper.
Burnley's defense would not yield as its attacking threat grew - culminating in Gudmundsson turning in Matt Lowton's deep cross.
BOURNEMOUTH 2-1 STOKE CITY
Substitutes Josh King and Lys Mousset struck second- half goals as in-form Bournemouth came from behind to beat Stoke 2-1 in the English Premier League on Saturday.
Struggling Stoke looked on course to make it seven points from nine under new manager Paul Lambert when Xherdan Shaqiri headed the visitors into a deserved early lead at Vitality Stadium.
But Bournemouth battled back to score twice in the second half to extend the club's record unbeaten run to seven games and send Stoke back into the relegation zone.
King, who had earlier been booked for a dive while under pressure from Kurt Zouma, levelled the contest following a defensive mix-up with 20 minutes to go. Zouma collided with teammate Joe Allen just inside Stoke's 18-yard box and the ball broke kindly for King to stroke home his first goal since November. Bournemouth's first away win of the league came at Stoke in October, and the south-coast completed a double over Stoke by claiming the winner in the 79th. Winger Ibe swung over a free kick from the right and Mousset climbed unmarked to nod home his first Premier League goal.
BRIGHTON 3-1 WEST HAM
West Ham's week of turmoil ended with a 3-1 loss at Brighton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Goals from Glenn Murray, Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross secured a second win in 14 matches for Brighton to boost its chances of avoiding the drop. Javier Hernandez was on target for West Ham, but it was a miserable end to a turbulent few days for the east London club, which fired head of recruitment Tony Henry after claims he told agents they did not want to sign any more African players.
Anger and frustration toward the West Ham board from supporters is at an all- time high following the scandal, as well as an underwhelming transfer window which saw a club linked with Olivier Giroud, Michy Batshuayi and Daniel Sturridge end up with signing Jordan Hugill from Preston.
Camera Icon Brighton's Spanish midfielder Jose Izquierdo's curling stunner beats West Ham keeper Adrian Picture: AFP
Indeed, the first chants of “Sack the board” were belted out from the away end even before Murray put Brighton ahead in only the eighth minute. The goal came after referee Roger East allowed play to continue despite Aaron Cresswell's foul on Anthony Knockaert, and Gross immediately pinged the loose ball to Murray.
The striker, who scored twice in Brighton's 3-0 dismantling of Slaven Bilic's West Ham in October, strode forward and coolly sidefooted past Adrian for his 10th goal of the season.
Amid the off-field controversy, West Ham manager David Moyes is also dealing with a spate of injuries and indiscipline. Arthur Masuaku is still serving a lengthy ban for spitting and Michail Antonio was dropped midweek for being late to a meeting.
Until now at least, West Ham has been eking out the points which have been keeping West Ham at arm's length from the relegation battle. But West Ham is now three points above the relegation zone in 12th, just ahead of Brighton on goal difference.
LEICESTER 1-1 SWANSEA
Swansea climbed out of the Premier League relegation zone with a 1-1 draw Saturday at Leicester, which was again missing midfielder Riyad Mahrez.
All the pre-match talk was about the Algerian, who has not been seen by the club since his proposed move to Manchester City collapsed on Wednesday. Mahrez unexpectedly missed the defeat at Everton that night and has not been at training, although his absence Saturday was anticipated as Leicester boss Claude Puel allowed the former PFA Player of the year time to “clear his head.” It looked like he might not be missed as Leicester played some lovely football during the first half and took the lead after 17 minutes through Jamie Vardy. However, after Federico Fernandez headed Swansea level in the 53rd, Leicester lacked the guile and craft so often provided by Mahrez to respond and had to settle for a point.
Swansea's Leroy Fer went off injured in the 36th.
Leicester stayed eighth.
MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 HUDDERSFIELD
FULL REPORT: Jose drops Pogba, criticizes Old Trafford as Utd win
Romelu Lukaku and Alexis Sanchez were on the scoresheet as Manchester United scrapped their way to a 2-0 victory against Huddersfield Town at Old Trafford on Saturday.
After a tough-tackling first half, Lukaku sent United on their way in the 55th minute before Sanchez scored his maiden United goal on his home debut to finish off the determined visitors.
It was a forgettable contest, dominated more by concerns about the performance of referee Stuart Attwell than any moments of true class but Lukaku's opener gave them some breathing space before Sanchez put the icing on the cake with 22 minutes left.
Camera Icon Manchester United's Chilean striker Alexis Sanchez celebrates scoring his first goal for the club Picture: AFP
United were missing Marouane Fellaini, Phil Jones, Eric Bailly and Zlatan Ibrahimovic but were buoyed by Manchester City's 1-1 draw with Burnley in the early Saturday kick-off.
After the interval, United seemed certain to take the lead when Sanchez found himself unmarked six yards out but a stunning covering last-ditch block by Huddersfield captain Tommy Smith kept the score at 0-0.
However, Huddersfield's resistance finally crumbled when Mata delivered an inch-perfect cross for Lukaku, who volleyed home from five yards out on his favoured left foot.
The game became more pedestrian and a Huddersfield comeback appeared remote, something confirmed when Michael Hefele fouled Sanchez in the box midway through the second period.
Sanchez dusted himself down and although his spot-kick was saved, he bundled home the rebound to grab United's second and ensure Huddersfield would fall into the relegation zone for the first time this season.
WEST BROM 2-3 SOUTHAMPTON
Southampton moved out of the relegation zone and left West Bromwich Albion in deeper trouble in last place in the English Premier League by winning 3-2 at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Camera Icon Southampton's Mario Lemina, left, celebrates scoring his side's first goal of the game against West Bromwich Albion Picture: AP
Goals from Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game around for Southampton in the final five minutes of the first half after Ahmed Hegazi's opener. James Ward-Prowse sealed a 3-2 victory with a free kick in the second half, then Salomon Rondon pulled a goal back with a header in the 72nd minute. But West Brom couldn't level and is four points from safety, while Southampton moved two points clear of the relegation zone.
West Brom paid tribute to the late Cyrille Regis before kickoff. Regis, who endured racist abuse while forging a career with West Brom and defied threats of violence to represent England, died aged 59 last month.
ARSENAL 5-1 EVERTON
Arsenal's record signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored on his debut and Aaron Ramsey hit a hat-trick in a swaggering 5-1 rout of woeful Everton on Saturday.
Aubameyang vowed to emulate Arsenal legend Thierry Henry after arriving from Borussia Dortmund for £56 million this week.
Aubameyang, recovered from an illness that had placed his debut in doubt, capped an exhilarating first half from Arsenal with a composed finish to put his side four goals ahead.
Ramsey had opened the scoring and Laurent Koscielny increased Arsenal's lead before Ramsey struck again to make it three goals in the first 19 minutes.
Aubameyang's lively debut was aided by three assists from Henrikh Mkhitaryan in his first Arsenal start.
Camera Icon Henrikh Mkhitaryan of Arsenal crosses the ball leading to his sides first goal Picture: Getty Images
Wales midfielder Ramsey completed his treble in the second half and the only angst for Gunners boss Arsene Wenger was the sight of goalkeeper Petr Cech limping off injured.
Sixth placed Arsenal are now five points behind fourth placed Chelsea, who face Watford on Monday, in the race to qualify for next season's Champions League via a top four finish.
Wenger had bemoaned Arsenal's defending in their wretched 3-1 loss at Swansea on Tuesday, but the two changes he made were both attack minded as Aubameyang and Mkhitaryan came in.
It was another remarkable goal blitz from Arsenal, who scored four times in the first 22 minutes of their previous home league game against Crystal Palace.
Everton's capitulation made it a depressing return for Theo Walcott, who was subbed midway through the second half of his first return to Arsenal since his January transfer.
Dominic Calvert-Lewin got one back for Everton with a 64th header, but there was still time for Ramsey to strike again with a low finish from Mkhitaryan's pass in the 74th minute.
April 28 Six Flags Entertainment Corp-
* Six Flags Entertainment Corp - repurchase of 5 million shares announced by six flags
* Six Flags Entertainment -entered into agreement to repurchase 5.1 million shares of common stock from h partners and affiliated funds at $61.36 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Researchers at Glasgow University are working on the development of so-called synthetic brainy skin that they claim could one day be used to make more responsive prosthetics for amputees, or to build robots with a sense of touch
The University's Bendable Electronics and Sensing Technologies (BEST) team plans to develop ultra-flexible, synthetic skin that mimics the behaviour of human skin, which has its own neurons that respond immediately to touch rather than having to relay the whole message to the brain.
Led by Prof Ravinder Dahiya the so-called neuPRINTSKIN (Neuromorphic Printed Tactile Skin) project is building on earlier e-skin research by developing electronic ‘thinking skin' made from silicon based printed neural transistors and graphene.
Prof Dahiya said: “By adding a neural layer underneath the current tactile skin, neuPRINTSKIN will add significant new perspective to the e-skin research, and trigger transformations in several areas such as robotics, prosthetics, artificial intelligence, wearable systems, next-generation computing, and flexible and printed electronics.
“Human skin is an incredibly complex system capable of detecting pressure, temperature and texture through an array of neural sensors that carry signals from the skin to the brain.
“Inspired by real skin, this project will harness the technological advances in electronic engineering to mimic some features of human skin, such as softness, bendability and now, also sense of touch. This skin will not just mimic the morphology of the skin but also its functionality.
He added that the development of smart skin will be critical for the development of autonomous robots and for safer human-robot interaction.
CLICK HERE FOR MORE TECHNOLOGY NEWS
× Woman delivers handmade hearts to families who have lost a child
SAN DIEGO — It's a job that no one should have to do. But Gaby Perez-Vargas insists it's one she has to.
Starting in the summer, and ending each October for the past six years, Perez-Vargas has delivered 35 sets of sewn stuffed hearts to Rady Children's Hospital. She says it's the least she can do for families who need them the most.
The purple hearts come in pairs—one big one, and one little one—and they go to families who have lost a child. The big one goes to the family to hold onto, and the little one is placed in the child's hand.
The reason purple was chosen by JoAnne Auger, who started the program, is because purple hearts symbolize courage and bravery in battle. And for those families that don't get the fairytale ending that others do after cancer treatment, it's a handful of comfort that might give them something tangible to connect them to their child.
Perez-Vargas says she is diligent about making each heart perfect.
“Believe me, these are made with a lot of love,” she said.
Jose Montano knows first-hand. He received one of the big hearts, when his son, also named Jose, died in 2014.
“That heart, every time we see it, we go back to knowing that somebody was there for us, and we see that heart, and we see Jose,” he said.
Their hope is that—no matter how small a symbol it is—the hearts help a family deal with the pain of going through the biggest loss of their lives. And even though it won't fix a broken heart, that it might start the process of putting it back together, one stitch at a time.
Bella Thorne has crushes on Demi Lovato, Kristen Stewart and Camila Cabello.
The 19-year-old actress - who came out as bisexual last year - revealed she has the hots for a number of famous women and would love to date them.
She told Stylecaster.com: "Demi Lovato. That's an obvious one. I love Demi. We're close. She's amazing, just such a beautiful person inside and out. Love everything she stands for.
"Kristen Stewart. I'm like, 'Please.' She's so hot. Oh. My. God. You put on those f**king Converse, girl. You put on that rock shirt, and you come to mommy. I literally love Kristen Stewart.
"Who else is super-hot? Oh, Camila Cabello. I think she's so hot. I just saw her at a party the other night, but she was with a guy, so I wasn't gonna hit on her because she was with a date."
However, Bella admitted that she finds it easier to date men than women because she never knows if women are into her or not.
She explained: "It's so hard. I can't tell if a girl is trying to be best friends with me or if she wants to get with me or if she just wants social media followers. I'm just so confused when a girl talks to me. Girls can be very flirtatious, so I don't want to make a move, and then you be like, 'Whoa, girl. Not what I was thinking, I don't roll that way'.
"Then it's so awkward. So I end up usually dating more guys, because with guys, I know if a guy's hitting me up. They're not just texting me to be my bestie. I know they want something, of some sort.
"I have this girl that's always, like, 'OMG, you're so gorgeous,' and she's always hitting on me, and I'm like, I don't know. I don't want to make a move and then you're, like, 'Oh, I'm not gay,' and then I'm, like, Oh, this is so awkward. Now you feel like I just ruined our friendship because it's just too weird."
And Bella also claims that most girls she knows are only interested in hooking up because they are not out as lesbian or bisexual.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WASHINGTON D.C -- Most of us know Kourtney Kardashian as the environmentally friendly, I only eat organic sister of the Kardashian Klan.
Well, this mama of three is taking over Washington D.C, just don't expect her to take a job at the Senate. The 39-year-old met face-to-face with Congress to discuss a topic near and dear to her heart... makeup!
"I think it would be nice if there were, you know, laws to regulate so that the people running these business and these companies can, you know, have some like standard of what to use," Kardashian said.
Kourtney has teamed up with "Environmental Working Group". An organization that uses research and education to "drive consumer choice and civic action" in an effort to help push laws regarding cosmetic and personal care.
Basically, the business mogul wants to make sure companies are putting out healthy products for users and the planet . Duh!
"The fact that we have to guess so much and, you know, even going into a store to buy anything like you shouldn't be like walking around aimlessly like is this okay?" Kardashian said. "Is this not okay? Everybody should have the right to you know healthy products and personal care."
Hey like 'em or not, it's safe to say this is one Kardashian stunt worth keeping up with!
NBC allowed lying bigot Joy Reid to co-host an MSNBC town hall event on “Everyday Racism in America” Tuesday night, just hours after Roseanne Barr was fired by ABC for a racist tweet.
During the past few months, it has been discovered that on her personal blog, Reid regularly and relentlessly engaged in the worst kind of homophobia imaginable. While some may be willing to forgive bigoted rantings that are now ten years old, just a few weeks ago, Reid repeatedly lied in an attempt to cover up her bigotry.
Worse still, in a desperate attempt to cover up her anti-gay rantings, Reid sent everyone in the media on a wild goose chase looking for the hacker she invented to blame — the shadowy figure who broke into Reid's blog and published all this awful stuff. Reportedly, Reid also lied to the FBI with her false hacking claim. By the way, lying to the FBI and filing a false report is a crime — you know, if you are a conservative.
NBC News's allowing a lying bigot like Joy Reid to host a town hall on bigotry is not only an act of preening arrogance on the part of NBC News; it is an act of trolling.
The arrogance, of course, goes even further than the news outlet's refusal to even reprimand its lying bigot. Instead, NBC exalts her, lifts her up as an example of tolerance and decency, as though it is NBC that will decide what is right and wrong, what is good and evil.
But do not for a moment think that NBC is oblivious to the galling hypocrisy of this decision. In fact, everyone at NBC, the suits and on-air personnel alike, are reveling in this “epic troll” of those of us on the political right they hate so much. NBC is loving this, loving this brazen act of shoving a double standard down our throats, loving the fact that they have created a caste system where leftists can say and do whatever the hell they like without fear of accountability, while the enemies on the right are destroyed over sins real and imagined.
NBC loves shoving it up the backsides of the everyday American that there are two sets of rules — one for us, and one for the elite. NBC wants us to eat this double standard, to choke on it, to drive us crazy over the fact that there is nothing we can do about it.
NBC News and NBC television are a den of proven liars, straight-up bigots, accused sexual harassers, and their enablers.
NBC is not a news outlet; it is Versailles, a palace populated with mincing elites who play by their own set of rules and titter like mean girls as they force the rest of us to swallow their bigotry, hate, fake news, and hypocrisy.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow his Facebook Page here.
STREETS in East Victoria Park were locked down today as police pursued an allegedly stolen car.
Police say they began following the allegedly stolen Mercedes on Albany Highway about 10.50am.
It is alleged the driver reached speeds of up to 100km/h on residential streets during the pursuit.
Witnesses say the car blew a tyre and crashed before the driver abandoned the vehicle and ran off.
At least three unmarked police cars and two other vehicles were damaged during the 10-minute pursuit.
Camera Icon The abandoned stolen vehicle. Picture: Seven News.
The dog squad and police airwing joined the search for the driver, who was later found hiding in a backyard nearby.
A 20-year-old man was this afternoon assisting police but has not been charged.
Police have appealed for anyone with dashcam vision of the pursuit or information to call Crime Stoppers.
Canadian Media Producers Association says the 2016-2017 fiscal year was strong for Canada overall
British Columbia, the home of blockbuster movie shoots such as “Deadpool 2” and “Star Trek Beyond,” has surpassed Ontario as Canada's top locale for film and television production for the first time.
A new report by the Canadian Media Producers Association says the 2016-2017 fiscal year was strong for Canada overall, with production volume in the country reaching an all-time high of $8.38 billion.
B.C. has always been in the top three provinces for film and TV shoots, but the report says last year its production volume hit $2.991 billion, just ahead of Ontario with $2.977 billion. Quebec, with its thriving French-language industry, placed third with $1.754 billion.
Robert Wong, vice president of Creative BC, the provincial agency that supports the artistic sector, said increased global demand for content and the recognition that B.C. is a world-class production centre are driving the growth.
He said streaming services, including Netflix, Amazon and Hulu, are the single biggest driver. Netflix's “A Series of Unfortunate Events” and “Altered Carbon,” premiering Friday, were shot in the province.
“Blockbuster movies, we do get our fair share of them in British Columbia, that's for sure, but really what we are known for is television production,” Wong said.
“The amount of television production is really where the growth is and that includes the streaming service-type productions.”
The report says the film and television industries generated 24,120 direct full-time jobs in B.C. — only 40 more than Ontario — while it created 14,540 such jobs in Quebec.
“Star Trek Beyond” alone employed more than 3,900 British Columbians and contributed $69 million to the provincial economy during 78 days of shooting, the report adds.
READ MORE: Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson reflects on first time in Vancouver
VIDEO: Riverdale stars step out to meet fans in Langley City
Film and television productions in B.C. receive a 28 per cent tax credit for labour costs. The credit was reduced five points from 33 per cent by the previous provincial Liberal government in 2016.
Wong said a stable and reliable tax policy is key to the success of the industry, but it's also coupled with an abundance of talent, crews and variety of locations in B.C.
“The one thing that you can't legislate is basically proximity to Los Angeles,” he added. “Being in the same time zone and two and a half hours away by flight does make a big difference.”
The report does sound a note of caution about the surge in demand for content and the abundance of foreign productions in Canada. Though the country has policies to support local content, capturing more than three per cent of domestic box office for Canadian films remains elusive, it says.
“With record growth across much of Canada's production sector, there is much to celebrate this year, including the creation of jobs and a significant contribution to the country's economy,” said Reynolds Mastin, president and CEO of the association in a statement.
“But, among these big numbers are some emerging trends that require attention. As our industry continues to adapt to evolving technologies and changing consumer behaviours, we must ensure that growth benefits our entire sector, including productions that showcase Canadian stories for audiences at home and around the world.”
Laura Kane, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Don McLean & Paris Dylan
The 72-year-old “American Pie” singer was seen out and about in England with Paris Dylan, a 24-year-old Catfish alum, model and social media star, in March 2018.
Dylan, according to her website, "is really into '60s and '70s music" and often poses backstage and at fan conventions with icons of the era. This would likely explain how she first came to cross paths with McLean. While it's uncertain when (or even if) the relationship got romantic, the pair first appeared together on Dylan's Instagram in November 2016.
Age Gap: 48 years
LONDON May 2 Emerging stocks hit a 20-month high on Tuesday, lifted by a global tech stock rally and easing geopolitical concerns, while the main emerging currencies gained against a steady dollar, shrugging off a batch of mixed data.
MSCI's emerging market index rose 0.7 percent to its strongest since June 2016 reflecting gains in heavyweights South Korea and Taiwan, where a number of blue chip tech stocks such as Samsung Electronics and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co soared.
The gains came in the wake of strong earnings from Google, Amazon and Microsoft last week and against a slight easing in tensions over the Korean peninsula as U.S. President Donald Trump opened the door to meeting North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
Markets shrugged off data showing that China's factory sector lost momentum in April, with growth slowing to its weakest pace in seven months, as domestic and export demand faltered and commodity prices fell.
U.S. factory activity also slowed in April.
"You've seen some disappointing figures coming out of the U.S. and China," said Per Hammarlund, chief emerging markets strategist at SEB.
"It was unreasonable to expect that the relatively high numbers we saw in March, when PMI numbers have been running well ahead of actual growth numbers," could be repeated, he said.
Currencies also recorded a strong session with the dollar treading water as many markets re-opened after a long holiday weekend.
South Africa's rand snapped a five-day losing streak to strengthen 1 percent against the dollar.
The gains came after President Jacob Zuma, leader of the ruling ANC party, made a hasty exit from a May Day rally organised by labour federation Cosatu on Monday. The crowd of workers became rowdy, with some booing and chanting slogans against him.
"Zuma still has the support within the ANC – not among all ANC members, but within the decision-making body in the ANC. He has enough allies within that body to keep him in power until the next presidential election," said SEB's Hammarlund.
Turkey's lira gained 0.6 percent, while Mexico's peso extended its gains for a fourth straight session, strengthening 0.2 percent as investors saw the threat of protectionist measures from the U.S. administration recede.
However, emerging European currencies slightly eased against the euro across the board despite manufacturing data that was in line, or a touch stronger than expected.
Data from the Institute of International Finance (IIF) confirmed investors' appetite for riskier assets, showing that emerging markets had recorded a fifth straight month of net 'non-resident' portfolio inflows in April, their best run since the first half of 2015.
Inflows topped $20 billion for the third month running in April, making it the strongest three-month streak since 2014, helped by record dollar-denominated emerging market debt issuance.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 986.35 +6.59 +0.67 +14.39
Czech Rep 1004.19 -3.68 -0.37 +8.96
Poland 2394.89 +18.02 +0.76 +22.95
Hungary 33074.27 +117.97 +0.36 +3.35
Romania 8236.78 +6.32 +0.08 +16.26
Greece 727.36 +15.19 +2.13 +13.01
Russia 1127.16 +12.73 +1.14 -2.18
South Africa 47156.56 +84.83 +0.18 +7.41
Turkey 95199.87 +544.56 +0.58 +21.83
China 3143.71 -10.95 -0.35 +1.29
India 29925.46 +7.06 +0.02 +12.39
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 26.89 26.87 -0.10 +0.42
Poland 4.22 4.22 -0.05 +4.36
Hungary 312.03 311.72 -0.10 -1.03
Romania 4.54 4.53 -0.18 -0.16
Serbia 123.02 122.96 -0.05 +0.27
Russia 56.92 56.96 +0.08 +7.64
Kazakhstan 315.21 315.48 +0.09 +5.85
Ukraine 26.54 26.54 +0.00 +1.75
South Africa 13.29 13.41 +0.90 +3.35
Kenya 103.00 103.10 +0.10 -0.61
Israel 3.61 3.61 +0.09 +6.70
Turkey 3.53 3.55 +0.55 -0.19
China 6.89 6.89 -0.06 +0.71
India 64.16 64.24 +0.12 +5.90
Brazil 3.17 3.18 +0.03 +2.47
Mexico 18.70 18.74 +0.19 +10.77
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 316 -2 .07 7 80.79 1
All data taken from Reuters at 08:44 GMT. Currency percent change calculated from the daily U.S. close at 2130 GMT.
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see)
(Additional reporting by Claire Milhench; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Monday, in what may be considered as a big move, decided to revoke its long-standing ban on the Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA).
BCCI acting president CK Khanna has confirmed the suspension on RCA was revoked in the board's Special General Meeting (SGM).
The RCA was suspended by the BCCI in May 2014 when former Indian Premier League (IPL) commissioner Lalit Modi was re-elected as the president.
The elections were held again under the supervision of the High Court and Congress leader CP Joshi was declared the president in June this year, defeating Modi's son Ruchir.
Since its suspension in 2014, RCA's cricket affairs were being looked after by the BCCI. Consequently, the RCA had filed a suit against its suspension by BCCI, to which the board had asked the association to withdraw all pending cases and to not involve the cricket board in any case. Meanwhile, no international cricket match has been held in Rajasthan since then and even the IPL matches were shifted out of Jaipur, which is the home of Rajasthan Royals. The Supreme Court-appointed Committee of Administrators (CoA) has already dissolved the adhoc committee that was constituted to run the affairs in Rajasthan cricket. This paved the way for revoking the ban. Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
THE family of a teenager who discharged himself from hospital with a head injury and went missing for more than 24 hours is appealing for the public's help.
Jake Reid, 17, was last seen at Royal Adelaide Hospital around 3.11am on Tuesday.
His mother Tonya Phillips has concerns for his health and wants the public to help find her son.
“He presented at the RAH with severe head trauma and vomiting at 3:11am ... and later discharged himself prior to receiving treatment,” she said.
“We and the hospital are extremely worried about him as this is very serious.”
She urged him to contact his family and return to hospital for treatment soon.
Police has received a missing-person report for Jake and active inquiries are being made.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Heiberg said that the comission has been appointed to carry out the tests.
"We have appointed a commission to recheck the samples of every Russian athlete from the Sochi Games. This should happen quickly, as in 2018 the Olympic Games in Pyeongchang will take place, and everyone should know what is going on [by then]," Heiberg told NRK broadcaster Monday.
© Sputnik/ Iliya Pitalev IOC Probe Into Russia Skiers Concerns Scratches on Doping Sample Bottles - CCSFR
He added that the IOC should have the results "within one-two months."
On December 23, the IOC opened disciplinary proceedings against 28 Russian athletes, who performed at 2014 Winter Olympics in Russia's Sochi.
On December 9, the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) independent commission headed by Richard McLaren issued the second part of the report on alleged Russian doping abuse, revealing manipulations by athletes in 30 sporting disciplines.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A tax overhaul bill passed by the U.S. Senate Finance Committee would lift economic growth enough to generate an additional $1.8 trillion in revenue over 10 years, more than enough to offset revenue lost from a cut in taxes, the Treasury Department estimated on Monday.
In a summary analysis of a white paper, the Treasury Department said it based its estimate on a presumed 0.7 percentage point increase to the U.S. economy's annual growth rate.
The Treasury Department's estimate compares to an analysis from the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation that suggested quicker growth spurred by the tax-cut plan would yield an additional $408 billion in revenue.
(Reporting by Tim Ahmann; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
AN ELDERLY man suffering neck and chest injuries is about to be airlifted from a crash on the Burnett Hwy.
A Queensland Fire and Emergency Services spokesman confirmed emergency crews were called to the Burnett Hwy, near the intersection of Cannindah Rd about 20km out of Monto just before 11am.
The spokesman said a single vehicle with two elderly people on board had rolled and while the pair were not trapped, they were injured.
A Queensland Ambulance spokeswoman said an elderly female had been transported in a stable condition to Monto Hospital via road however an elderly male in the vehicle was going to be airlifted.
"He is in a stable condition but has suffered neck and chest injuries,” the spokeswoman said.
It is understood a Bundaberg based helicopter has been called to perform the airlift.
More to come.
PHILADELPHIA -- (AP) The Red Sox sure didn't look like a team that didn't get to bed until the sun came up Wednesday.
Mookie Betts homered twice, Xander Bogaerts had three RBIs and the bullpen continued to be lights out as the Boston Red Sox beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7-3 for their third straight win.
It would have been understandable if Boston were sluggish in this game after travel issues didn't have their plane land in Philadelphia until 4 a.m.
But the Red Sox weren't looking for excuses and came out from the first pitch and pounded the Phillies.
"It just kind of happened," Betts said. "One guy follows the guy in front of them and it just kind of worked out. It feels great after all the things that went into getting here. I'm happy we did it under four hours and we can get a little rest before tomorrow."
Betts had four hits and drove in three to lead an offensive barrage off Phillies starter Jeremy Hellickson (5-5). Boston tagged him for six runs on nine hits in just five innings.
Betts led off the game with a single, had an RBI double in the second, but his biggest hit was a solo home run, his 10th of the season, in the fourth inning after the Phillies had scored three runs to close within 5-3.
He had a chance to get the cycle in the ninth inning, but instead of a triple connected for home run No. 11 to put the game out of reach. It was his eighth career multi-homer game.
"When Mookie gets a lead off base hit we were trying to create some energy because of the time we got (into town)," said Red Sox manager John Farrell. "We were able to string a bunch of hits together and Mookie had some big swings to get it started and we were able to build a five-run lead."
Betts was dazzling defensively as well, and made a stellar diving catch in right field to rob Howie Kendrick of a hit in the fifth inning.
Bogaerts was also impressive, with a two-run double off Hellickson in the first and a single that scored Betts in the second. He also had a fine defensive play robbing Hellickson of an infield hit, squashing a potential Phillies rally in the fourth.
Andrew Benintendi drove in the other Red Sox run with a sacrifice fly.
Both teams had multiple highlight plays defensively. Aside from Betts and Bogaerts, Benintendi made a leaping catch in foul territory taking a ball out of the stands, Pablo Sandoval made a pair of diving plays at third, Dustin Pedroia stretched his errorless game streak to 88, which included some difficult chances and Jackie Bradley Jr. made a running, over-the-shoulder grab to end the game.
"We made a number of great defensive plays tonight," Farrell said.
For its part, Philadelphia did a fine job defensively as well, turning four double plays.
The Phillies scored three runs off Boston starter Brian Johnson in the third inning on a two-out single by Kendrick and a two-run home run by Aaron Altherr, his 10th of the season.
Johnson left the game with an arm injury, but the Red Sox bullpen shut the door on the Phillies, as four different relievers combined to allow just two hits over the final 6 1/3 innings. Hector Velazquez (1-1) was credited with his first major league win.
The Boston bullpen has now gone 21 1/3 consecutive innings without allowing a run.
Not much is going right for the Phillies who have the worst record in baseball. They have lost eight consecutive games as well as all eight interleague games this season, matching a franchise record for consecutive interleague losses since games between the two leagues started in 1997.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Red Sox: Starting pitcher Brian Johnson left the game in the third inning with what the Red Sox indicated was left shoulder discomfort. He will be reevaluated in Boston Friday. Johnson said he started to feel tightness in warmups and came out as a precaution. After two strong innings, Johnson lost a lot of velocity on his pitches, leading to the Phillies only offensive outburst of the game.
Phillies: 2B Cesar Hernandez will be out of action for at least six weeks with an oblique strain, but that doesn't mean the Phillies are going to call up red hot prospect Scott Kingery, who leads all minor league baseball with 18 home runs at Double A Reading. Kingery isn't on the 40-man roster currently and Phillies GM Matt Klentak said before the game that Kingery isn't ready for a call-up. He did suggest, though, that Kingery will likely be moved to Triple A soon.
WELCOME BACK
Recalled prior to the game RHP Hector Velazquez was pressed into emergency duty when Johnson was injured. After getting hammered in his first major league appearance in May, Velazquez was solid against the Phillies allowing just one hit and two walks in 3 1/3 scoreless innings and earning his first big league victory.
UP NEXT
Red Sox: LHP Chris Sale (8-2, 2.97) has won each of his last seven decisions and leads the majors with 126 strikeouts.
Phillies: RHP Nick Pivetta (1-3, 5.52) will be making his seventh major league start. He hasn't pitched more than five innings in any of his first six contests and the Phillies have lost five of those six games.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
[India], June 15 (ANI): While the Congress branded the AYUSH ministry's 'no sex, no meat' advisory for pregnant women as impractical, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) came to its defence saying that it was just an advice, not a coercion.
"It is not a directive or coercion but only advice to the pregnant mothers. I don't know why we rake up a controversy out of nothing," BJP leader Shaina N.C. told ANI.
Contradicting BJP's stance, Congress leader Shakeel Ahmed termed the advisory as 'immature'.
"It is an impractical and immature advisory. It doesn't seem right if such advisory comes from any government agencies because in this case they only become laughing stock," Ahmed told ANI.
The ministry of AYUSH had released a booklet called 'Mother and Child Care' recommending pregnant women to 'shun non-vegetarian food, avoid sex after conception, avoid bad company, have spiritual thoughts and hang beautiful pictures in room' to have a healthy baby.
The Ministry, however, on Wednesday termed the reports incorrect and said that it was just a suggestion or an advisory not a prescription.
Speaking to ANI, Central Council for Research in Yoga and Naturopathy, Dr. Ishwara Acharya, said, "This was just a suggestion or an advisory, it's not a prescription for pregnant women in India to not have sex, meat or be in bad company if you want to have healthy babies".
In a statement, the AYUSH ministry said, "Some reports have appeared in the print and electronic media since June 13, 2017 concerning the publication 'Mother and Child Care' of Central Council for Research in Yoga and Naturopathy (CCRYN), an autonomous body under the Ministry of AYUSH. Unfortunately, many of these reports are seen to be inaccurate, and some are even seen to misrepresent facts."
The Ministry said that nowhere in the booklet 'no sex' has been mentioned.
"Some news reports carry an assertion that the booklet puts forward the 'prescription' that 'pregnant women in India' should 'say no to sex after conception'. This is far from the truth. In fact, the words 'no sex' do not feature at all in the booklet," it added.
The booklet was released by Minister of State for AYUSH Shripad Naik in the run-up to International Day for Yoga.(ANI)
BAD VILBEL, Germany, March 29 German drugmaker Stada, at the centre of a takeover battle between two private equity consortia, said the bidding process was developing well, after delays earlier this month.
"The bidding process that we have initiated is intact in every respect," Chief Executive Matthias Wiedenfels told journalists at a press conference at the group's Bad Vilbel headquarters after the release of detailed 2016 results.
The takeover battle for Stada pits a combination of Advent and Permira against Bain and Cinven. Both have made takeover offers at 58 euros per share, valuing the company at 4.7 billion euros ($5.1 billion) including debt, according to people familiar with the matter.
Stada postponed the bidding process this month to give the competing suitors a chance to improve their offers. ($1 = 0.9270 euros) (Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
JOHANNESBURG South African President Jacob Zuma said he was not stressed by calls for him to resign and urged his supporters to ignore the criticism directed against him, hours after more than 30,000 people marched in the capital demanding he quit.
Zuma has faced protests following a much-criticised cabinet reshuffle last month but the president appeared jovial at his 75th birthday celebrations, dancing and cracking jokes.
"The opposition are doing their job, don't be worried," he told his supporters in the Zulu language. "Do not be worried by the opposition marches."
(Reporting by Lynette Ndabambi; Writing by James Macharia)
LONDON There is more than three Premier League points at stake when Manchester City meet Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. This game could go a long way in determining who secures the places in next season's Champions League. We have gathered pre-match comments from supporters of both teams.
Akhil Vyas, Arsenal Supporters Trust “I think the entire club, including the fans needed that international break. After going to Munich, Liverpool and West Brom in recent weeks and losing, I think the club needed this to regroup. “Hopefully the players who went away with their national teams played well and got some confidence and those who remained used that time to work on their game. “The mood amongst the fans varies. There is disappointment from some, anger from others, a feeling of supporting a club that is stale and stagnant. You know that every time we concede a goal, it could boil over in the stands - that isn't a nice feeling either. “It will be very tough to bounce back against City but we have to try and remember that we are a good side and generally our results against City have been positive, especially at home. "We must get the first goal - if we do not, it may be another afternoon to forget. For now, let's be positive and go for a 2-1 Arsenal win. “Special players are expected to turn up for the big games - I really think the game could be one for Sanchez and Mesut Ozil (if he plays) to produce a performance to remind everyone at Arsenal how good they are and how much we need them. “It wouldn't harm their own personal aspirations of either getting a new contract here or elsewhere either.”
Kevin Parker, Manchester City Supporters Club “The midfield is always crucial when Manchester City play Arsenal. With both teams always focussed on attack it's definitely a case of who can get possession of the ball in that area. “With players like Sergio Aguero for City and Alexis Sanchez can be deadly with the right pass. “You can never be overconfident when playing Arsenal as form is temporary and class is permanent but I suppose it's a good time to be playing them because the fans also very restless. With that in mind I am going for a 2-1 win to City. "I think the mood generally among the fans is good. We are all disappointed with our elimination from the Champions League but now our minds are firmly set on the top four and The FA Cup semi-final. “I am happy with the brand of football Pep Guardiola is playing. We have seen progress since the turn of the New Year and players seem to be more settled. They now have an understanding of what is expected of them. “The loss of Vincent Kompany and Ilkay Gundogan have been big blows, as has Gabriel Jesus more recently, but most City fans will tell you the future looks very promising under Pep. “It's very close between the second to sixth position but I still feel we can finish in second or third place come the end of the season.”
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
Women's basketball closes Big 5 play with a win against La Salle
Donning pink uniforms in honor of breast cancer awareness, the Saint Joseph's University women's basketball team took on its neighbor, the La Salle University Explorers on Feb. 12. The Hawks earned a 67-58 win over the Explorers to round out Big 5 play, improving the Hawks' Big 5 record to 2-2.
A number of St. Joe's players contributed points to the win, with junior Adashia Franklyn leading the pack with 17 points. Sophomore Sarah Veilleux had 16, senior Amanda Fioravanti added 11, and junior Chelsea Woods added 10.
The Hawks were able to hold off La Salle for the majority of the game, as the Explorers' largest lead was 2 points and they only held the lead for a little over two minutes. St. Joe's led for over 33 minutes of the game.
Head Coach Cindy Griffin was pleased with the Hawks' play against their Big 5 rival.
“We knew what was at stake; we were tied with La Salle in the [Atlantic 10] standings and we knew that this was a big one,” Griffin said. “We wanted to finish strong in our run in the Atlantic 10 and I thought our kids came out strong and kept with the game plan. It was nice to see us make shots today.”
The game started out close with the Explorers taking control and the Hawks answering each La Salle basket. Fioravanti registered St. Joe's first points with two free throws.
The teams were tied for much of the quarter until La Salle took a 13-12 lead with one minute left and Veilleux responded with two 3-pointers within the final minute of the quarter to give the Hawks an 18-15 advantage going into the second quarter.
A pair of Woods foul shots opened the quarter, and from here, the Hawks took flight.
Coming off the bench, sophomore Kristalyn Baisden made her mark immediately with a 3-pointer one minute into the quarter to give the Hawks a 23-15 edge.
St. Joe's took advantage of their foul shots, with Veilleux and senior Jaryn Garner each making both of their free throws.
With five minutes remaining in the half, Woods brought the Hawks' lead into double digits with a layup to put them ahead at 31-20. The rest of the half saw a free throw and a layup from Franklyn and a pair of free throws from Veilleux to put the Hawks in a 36-27 lead at halftime.
La Salle began to put up a fight in the second half, controlling play for the first two minutes. St. Joe's found a breakthrough with a Franklyn layup followed by two foul shots by Fioravanti.
The Hawks found momentum again as Franklyn converted an and-one with seven minutes left in the quarter, and Baisden drained her second 3-pointer of the game to put St. Joe's up 46-32 halfway through the third quarter.
La Salle's defense was starting to break down to Hawk pressure, as Veilleux and Woods were awarded two easy layups in an open basket with three minutes remaining in the quarter. St. Joe's went into the final quarter at a 53-43 advantage.
St. Joe's opened strong once again as Veilleux made a crucial steal that turned into a basket for Franklyn, and senior Mackenzie Rule delivered a 3-pointer to put them ahead 58-47. The Explorers started to recognize the hole they were in and put pressure on the Hawks for the remainder of the game.
The Hawks were able to fight back and hold onto their lead to win the game, 67-58.
“Resistance – that's the one thing our team has done a really good job of in this stretch that we put together; if teams push us, we push them back, and I think that's a sign of maturity, competitive nature, and refusing to lose,” Griffin said.
Following the Hawks' loss at Fordham, it was important to get a win against La Salle to improve their place in the standings, as they are now ranked fifth in the A-10. The Big 5 rivalry is also a large part of St. Joe's basketball, especially for Franklyn who grew up in southeastern Pa. and recognizes the history.
“It's just pride,” Franklyn said. “We play for pride, we play for a better record. We want to improve our Big 5 record and our overall record and we fought hard to chip away.”
Just two games away from playoffs, the Hawks need to prepare for what lies ahead.
“We want to outwork our opponents and be better than the next, so all of those little things we're supposed to do, they contribute to the larger goal,” Franklyn said. “We play hard, we refuse to lose.”
Women's basketball has improved immensely since the beginning of their season, really taking off when they entered conference play, the most important part of their season.
“The kids have put a lot of work in and to see the benefits come around this time of year is really rewarding,” Griffin said.
The Hawks will travel to Richmond, Va. to take on Virginia Commonwealth University for their second to last game of the regular season on Feb. 15.
April 20 Anhui Zhongding Sealing Parts Co Ltd
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 30 percent to 40 percent, or to be 306.5 million yuan to 330.1 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 235.8 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is main business growth and inclusion of two new companies
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/B76Tv1
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Mentally battered and bruised by six years of conflict, a young war widow steps on board a train in search of a new life… and determined to seek out answers to mysteries from her childhood.
However, she is on a collision course with a man whom she will love but who might never be hers, and a past that holds more dark secrets than she could ever have imagined.
The glittering world of the London theatre in the post-war period is the alluring stage set for a sumptuous new saga from Natalie Meg Evans, the award-winning author of The Dress Thief who spent five years working in London's fringe theatre before turning to writing.
And there is no shortage of visual drama and rich choreographic detail in this compelling, multi-layered novel which takes readers on a thrilling journey through the bomb-scarred streets of London and the exciting backstage pressures of life in the theatre.
Twenty years ago, when she was aged five, Vanessa Quinnell visited the Farren Theatre in London with her actor father, Johnny, and was told in no uncertain terms that ‘the theatre is the best place in the world.'
Only months later, Johnny walked out of her life and did not come back. Her mother Ruth, who always loathed everything theatrical, never told Vanessa why her father had left their home in Kent.
Fast forward to London in 1945 and Vanessa is now a widow after her Spitfire pilot husband Leo Kingcourt was killed just two weeks after their wedding. Clutching a small golden key given to her in a mysterious inheritance, Vanessa is determined to find the truth of her past and senses that whatever it unlocks lies in the old Farren Theatre.
The pull of the Farren, an enchanted place steeped in memories of her father, is so strong that she applies for a job there as a wardrobe mistress and joins the backstage crew.
The theatre's owner has recently died and it is now in the hands of his godson, Alistair Redenhall, a former Royal Navy commander who is still haunted by events under his watch during the war years.
Haughty, handsome Alistair is in a troubled marriage which he seems reluctant to end but his unexpectedness kindness has bowled over Vanessa. ‘Her heart was a vacant lot and he'd taken possession.'
With no experience and no budget for supplies, Vanessa must use her intuition to create beautiful costumes from whatever scraps of silk and thread survived the Blitz. It's a seemingly impossible task, but a welcome distraction as she struggles to resist her feelings for Alistair.
Meanwhile, Vanessa starts digging into her past and what she discovers unravels family secrets sewn deep into the very fabric of the London theatre scene… but is she destined to repeat the same terrible mistakes her father made, and will she be unlucky in love again?
Evans has the gift to recreate the past in all its colour, intricate detail and atmosphere, and here we smell the greasepaint, feel the tension, hear the curtain calls and reach out to touch the elaborate costumes as we are swept up into the gregarious life of the book's leading player, the Farren Theatre.
At the heart of the story are two people damaged by the war and eager to strike out into a brave new world but beset by the reverberations of past events, and secrets that have been hidden for over two decades.
Emotions run high and passions spill over as the past catches up with the present but, even then, all is not what it seems for Vanessa and Alistair, as Evans surprises us with a never-saw-it-coming twist in the tail.
Written with the author's trademark descriptive flair, immaculate research and compelling evocation of time and place, The Wardrobe Mistress is a feast of drama, romance, suspense and intrigue, all guaranteed to tickle the taste buds of historical fiction fans.
(Quercus, paperback, £7.99)
TORONTO Canada's Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC.TO) (DDC.N) has not had any contact with Washington Corp since the privately-held company made public its unsolicited $1.1 billion offer in late March, said Dominion Chairman Jim Gowans on Thursday.
Calgary, Alberta-based Dominion launched a formal sales process March 27, after the approach by U.S. billionaire Dennis Washington. Dominion has repeatedly offered to engage with Washington Corp on "customary terms," Gowans said on a conference call with analysts, but that has not happened.
Dominion, currently seeking a new Chief Executive Officer, is pleased with the progress of its strategic review process, Gowans said, but he would not answer a question on whether there was more than one party interested in the miner.
(Reporting by Susan Taylor; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
THINK of tea and you may have an image of Earl Grey or English Breakfast, cool peppermint or health-inducing green tea. But there are so many varieties available.
In Sri Lanka, formerly Ceylon, tea production has been a way of life for more than 150 years. The humidity, cool temperatures and rainfall in the country's central highlands provide the best climate for high-quality tea production.
Although tea plantations now cover 4 per cent of the Indian Ocean island, until the 1860s, its main crop had been coffee. When coffee rust fungus killed most of the coffee plants in 1869, estate owners had to diversify.
They used plants brought from India, which thrived in the crisp, damp air of the central highlands.
The Virgin White Tea Plantation in Handunugoda near Galle, in the southern province, specialises in the production of the world's most sought-after speciality teas, such as Sapphire Oolong, Lapsang Souchong, Flowery Camellia tea and the most highly-prized Virgin White tea.
The Virgin White Tea of Handunugoda is the only white tea in the world that is untouched by hand. Production follows an ancient Chinese ritual where the mandarins employed virgins to cut the tea with golden scissors and collect leaves in a golden bowl. Only the emperor's lips touched the tea.
Pickers have to wear gloves and use special scissors to cut the leaves, to avoid the leaf being tarnished. It has 10.11 per cent antioxidants, the highest known antioxidant content in any tea.
At no time do the hands of the pluckers touch the buds, and once picked, the leaves are dried using only filtered sunlight.
Just 120kg of Virgin White tea is produced a year (10kg a month). At Handunugoda, it is sold for $US1,500 ($A1,950) per kilo. You can also buy it from Mariage Freres (mariagefreres.com; 68 euros ($A108) for 20g) in Paris, the most exclusive tea salon in the world, or directly from the Virgin White Tea Plantation (shop.hermanteas.com; $US36 ($A47) for 10 teabags).
For the other teas, only the topmost buds and two leaves are picked to ensure freshness in a process known as "fine plucking", then leaves are spread out on "withering troughs" to make them pliable and remove excess moisture. They are then rolled in a machine which crushes them and triggers fermentation. Finally, the leaves are dried, sifted and graded.
On whether to choose loose tea or bags, Herman Gunaratne, owner of the Handunugoda Estate, says: "There is no problem with teabags. However, if you take into account the high cost of the teabag and string, then a good tea becomes more costly for the consumer. But if you have 25 teas and one is made with a teabag, I can distinctly get the taste of paper."
And if the tea is of good quality, it should be drunk without milk, says Gunaratne. Milk was only added in the first place to mask the taste of poor quality brews.
"When tea became a fashionable drink, the techniques of manufacture were not so highly developed. In order to mask the harshness of the tea, they first added milk," says Gunaratne. "When that didn't make too much of an improvement, they added sugar."
But the techniques of production have improved over the years. Good tea should be drunk pure.
"The ideal tea is made with one teaspoon per cup. Heat the water until the first bubbles are appearing, then stop. Pour it. Let it steep for five minutes. Then drink."
ESCONDIDO, Calif. – The second of two children killed in a mobile home fire that may have been sparked by a Christmas tree was publicly named Monday.
The San Diego County Medical Examiner's Office reported that it was Elizette Orozco, 5, and her uncle, Diego Floresvidal, 11, who died of injuries from the pre-dawn fire on Thursday.
The pre-dawn fire started near a Christmas tree in their home at the Green Crest Mobile Home Park, in the 500 block of West 15th Avenue. It was reported shortly after 12:30 a.m. Thursday and took more than 40 firefighters from Escondido, San Marcos and Vista about 35 minutes to put out.
Read More: Boy dies from injuries in Escondido mobile home fire
Orozco was pronounced dead at the scene of the fire, while Floresvidal died Friday at a hospital, the Medical Examiner said.
Four other children and three adults were hospitalized for smoke inhalation and were expected to make full recoveries. The home was destroyed.
The adults made several trips in an attempt to remove all the children from the home, however Floresvidal and Orozco were unaccounted for when first responders arrived, according to the Medical Examiner.
The boy was transported to Palomar Medical Center and then UCSD Medical Center, where his condition continued to decline.
Escondido Fire Chief Russ Knowles said the official cause of the blaze was undetermined, but it may have been sparked by an electrical failure or a candle near a Christmas tree. No smoke detectors were found in the home.
Almost $55,000 had been donated to the family's GoFundMe.com page as of midday Monday, surpassing the $50,000 goal.
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
© AP Photo/ Chairman of the Joint Chiefs New US Senate Bill to Expand Anti-Russia Sanctions to Pass Senate, House - Lawmaker
–
WASHINGTON (Sputnik)The Trump administration does not plan to lift the existing sanctions imposed on Russia, US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the House of Representatives Committee on Appropriations on Wednesday.
"Let me assure you there is no intention for us to remove the Russian sanctions. I have no intention of doing that nor have I heard anybody in the administration suggest that be the case," Mnuchin stated. "We intend to enforce the existing sanctions at this point and the Minsk agreement."
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Just a handful of days after the Las Vegas shootings, Congress is showing more signs of willingness to take up gun control debate than it has shown in years, and now it looks like the the National Rifle Association may be on board too.
That willingness centers on one very specific issue, bump-fire stocks, a legal gun modification which makes legal semi-automatic guns fire almost like a banned automatic weapon.
The NRA issued a statement Thursday afternoon, calling on the government to immediately review whether these bump fire stocks comply with federal law and saying that, “devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations.”
This comes after House Speaker Paul Ryan announced congress is taking up the issue.
“I didn't know what a bump stock was until this week, so, I think a lot of us are coming up to speed,” Ryan said. “I'm an avid sportsman, so a lot of us are still coming up to speed on what that is. Having said that, fully automatic weapons have been outlawed for many, many years. This seems to be a way of going around that. Obviously, we need to look at how we can tighten up the compliance with this law so that fully automatic weapons are banned.”
Both Republicans and Democrats agree that action needs to be taken.
“Yeah, there are going to be some hearings,” Sen. Jeff Flake said.
A former NYPD detective Morning Dose. spoke with says a bipartisan effort is a step in the right direction.
“What is the benefit of having this thing that could potential make an automatic weapon when you're not allowed to own an automatic weapon except under certain criteria and regulations within the law?” Tom Ruskin, former NYPD Detective said.
Those regulations and criteria he's referring to include law enforcement and military.
April 12 ClubCorp Holdings Inc, one of the largest owners and operators of private golf and country clubs in the United States, said on Wednesday that it would not explore strategic alternatives at this time.
The company also said its Chief Executive Eric Affeldt would step down from his role upon the appointment of a successor.
ClubCorp in January said it was exploring strategic alternatives after Reuters reported the company was in the process of selling itself. (Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
At the Santo Niño Cemetery, the crowd sings Filipino patriotic songs 'Bayan Ko' and 'Pilipinas Kong Mahal'
Published 3:00 PM, December 11, 2017
NUEVA ECIJA, Philippines – Father Marcelito "Tito" Paez, the priest who was shot dead by a still-unidentified suspect, was buried on Monday, December 11, at Santo Niño Cemetery in Nueva Ecija.
Paez, 72, was gunned down on December 4 as he was driving home after facilitating the release of a polictical prisoner.
At the funeral mass presided by San Jose City Bishop Roberto Mallari at the Saint Joseph Cathedral, here, Paez was remembered as a martyr and a revolutionary who stood up for the human rights of the oppressed.
More than 100 priests, including the new papal nuncio Archbishop Gabriele Giordano Caccia, concelebrated the funeral mass. Bishop Mallari thanked Caccia for his attendance, which he said brought the "silent, loving, and prayerful" presence of Pope Francis.
In a statement after the mass, one of Paez's brothers thanked the hundreds of sympathizers who attended the wake and the funeral of the priest. While they were already a big family of 12 siblings, he said their family grew even bigger with Paez's death.
"Mas malaki pa ang aming pamilya ngayon dahil lahat tayo dito ay pinagkaisa ni Father Tito Paez," he said. (We are bigger family now because Father Tito Paez united all of us here.)
During the procession, priests and relatives shouted, "Mabuhay si Father Tito Paez! (Long live Father Tito Paez!)" holding up streamers and calling for justice.
At the cemetery, the crowd sang Filipino patriotic songs "Bayan Ko" and "Pilipinas Kong Mahal." – Rappler.com
VIGO COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - A Terre Haute man accused of sex crimes entered a guilty plea.
Scroll for more content...
John Wycoff is accused of nine counts of sexual misconduct and three counts of child molestation.
According to court documents, Wycoff's plea agreement means the State would drop all charges but one count of each.
As part of the plea Wycoff would serve 24-years in prison and four years on in-home detention.
WHAT started with a trek to work to beat the public transport crush has ended with an inspiring cross-state accomplishment — and a stunning world record.
Cherise Bell on Monday finished an epic 1657km ultra marathon challenge from Brisbane to Melbourne.
“It's a little bit surreal,'' she admitted.
“I suspect it will probably sink in with the days to come.''
ARNIE TO FIRE STARTING PISTOL AT RUN FOR THE KIDS
OPINION: RUNNERS' ETIQUETTE – IT'S A THING
The 33-year-old conquered the personal challenge in 32 days, blitzing the previous time set by a Filipino man by five days.
Camera Icon Cherise Bell is greeted by partner Melissa at the finish in Bourke Street. Picture: Jay Town Picture: News Corp Australia
Ms Bell said out on the run on November 10 raising more than $10,300 for the Murdoch Children's Research Institute.
“There was a day where I had an issue with my Achilles, so physically a few concerns, but mentally I think I stayed strong,'' Ms Bell said.
“I'm just trying to figure out what I'm capable of and where there is a bar that has been set that I can beat.''
Ms Bell ran more than 50km each day, starting from around 7am.
She is the first known female to have completed the feat in record time.
Camera Icon Cherise, holding her 18 month old son, Edison, with her family and supporters at the finish in Bourke St. Picture: Jay Town Picture: News Corp Australia
Partner Melissa said she couldn't be prouder.
“There was never any doubt she could do it,'' she said.
“She warned me that she to expect a few tears along the way, that she might get cranky.
“But the longer she ran the stronger she became.
“She was doing PBS and feeling better every day.
“It became a personal goal for Cherise. She was not a born runner or a true athlete ... she just refused to catch public transport — it just escalated from there.''
In recent years, Ms Bell has competed in ultra marathon events around the world, including the gruelling Marathon De Sables in the Saraha Desert and, locally, the Upstream 50km Challenge from the city to Donvale.
“For Cherise it has always been about testing her limits, not just of her body but also her mind.
“It's been really special to witness.''
To donate: everydayhero.com/au/cherise-2
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) — A Massachusetts police department is investigating a Facebook comment by an officer who wrote “Hahahaha love this” in response to a story about a car crashing into counter-protesters at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one person and injuring at least 19 others.
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri says he received a complaint about the comment Sunday and opened an internal investigation.
Officer Conrad Lariviere wrote in response to the violence: “Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways.”
In a Facebook interview with Masslive.com, Lariviere says he's a “good man who made a stupid comment.”
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno says: “There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer.”
An Ohio man is charged with second-degree murder and other counts over the crash.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The German government should stop using the defense budget funds as a "piggy bank" for other purposes to avoid any further deterioration of the military, Gerold Otten, a member of the Bundestag's defense committee from the Alternative for Germany party (AfD), told Sputnik.
"The main reason for this fatal development is the constant and continuous side-channeling of funds, initially allocated to the defense budget, in order to serve other purposes and to combat ad-hoc problems. To put it more bluntly: for the last decades the defense budget served as a financial stone quarry, which was exploited to serve all sorts of needs other than defense. The government has to put an immediate end to viewing the defense budget as a piggy bank, which can be robbed at all times," Otten said.
The lawmaker agreed with Gerhartz's assessment of the state of the German Air Force.
READ MORE: Not Just About 'Cash:' Germany Fires Back After Trump Slams NATO 'Underspending'
"Lt. Gen. Gerhartz is correct by saying that our air force is at an all-time low point. Only 26 out of a total of 93 Tornados are combat-ready, which equals a percentage of 41 percent. As far as the Eurofighter is concerned, the figures are equally worrisome: out of 128 units only 39 are combat-ready, i.e. 48 percent," Otten said.
The AfD member stressed that Germany would become unable to defend itself if the situation was not remedied.
© REUTERS / Michael Dalder German Football Team Coach to Remain Despite Disastrous 2018 World Cup Campaign
At the same time, Dr. Alexander Neu, the Left Party (Die Linke) spokesperson in the Bundestag Defense Committee, told Sputnik last week that the complaints of the dire situation in the Air Force could be part of the communications strategy to justify higher spending. Neu argued that Germany should shift its focus away from the defense industry.
Last week, Chief of Staff of the German Air Force Lt. Gen. Ingo Gerhartz told a group of influential businesspeople, officers and lawmakers that Germany's Air Force was in a difficult situation, and increased funding was urgently needed to upgrade aircraft and other equipment.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SANTA MARIA, Calif. -- A California woman's grandma was hospitalized for three days and wanted to see her dog. So her granddaughter made it possible.
Shelby Hennick, 21, was passing by her grandma Dona's house when her mom called and said that Dona was missing her dog Patsy.
Pets are generally not allowed in hospitals unless they're service animals, so Hennick got creative.
The veterinary technician decided to wrap Patsy in a blanket, put her over her shoulder, and managed to sneak her into the hospital looking like a baby.
She took a few photos and posted them to Twitter over the weekend, and they soon went viral with over 120,000 retweets.
My grandma is in the hospital right now and wanted to see her dog. So I made it look like I was carrying a baby and we made it 😂❤ pic.twitter.com/oKxNBlJEEL — Shelbae (@HennickShelby) June 11, 2017
"Patsy was quiet the whole time and actually kept licking my arm," Hennick told BuzzFeed.
Hennick's grandmother was thrilled with the surprise, despite thinking it was an actual baby at first.
"I was really happy we were able to pull it off, and I'm sure it made her day," Hennick told BuzzFeed.
The viral post encouraged others to share similar stories when they brought pets into the hospital to see loved ones - sometimes with the help of hospital staff.
Did the same thing for my grandpa when he was in the hospital but ours wasn't as easy to sneak in 😂 pic.twitter.com/g4aBfQ2BVL — micah 🌸 (@micah0510) June 12, 2017
I love it! We snuck my grandmas dog in for her too! 😭😍🐶 pic.twitter.com/DsSMfLJXzR — D 🌻 (@ddanielleggee) June 12, 2017
Dona is doing better and was released from the hospital on Monday.
The Nation's Weather
The Nation's Weather for Wednesday, July 4, 2018
_____
NATIONAL SUMMARY
Steering winds will guide showers and thunderstorms from
east to west across the Deep South today. One group of heavy
storms will focus over Louisiana and eastern Texas while
another batch of heavy storms affects the southern Atlantic
coast. Afternoon storms are forecast to erupt from parts of
the Ohio Valley and lower Great Lakes to the central
Appalachians, upper mid-Atlantic coast and southern New
England. The heat wave will begin to ease in parts of the
Midwest and Northeast, but it will continue over the central
and southern Plains to the interior South. Severe storms are
likely over parts of the Upper Midwest and northern and
central Plains. Much of the West can expect sunshine.
Typical heat is in store for the Southwest with spotty
storms over the central and southern Rockies.
SPECIAL WEATHER
No new information for this time period.
WEATHER HIGHLIGHTS
No new information for this time period.
DAILY EXTREMES
National High Tuesday 117 at Death Valley, CA
National Low Tuesday 30 at Stanley, ID
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Inland Fisheries Ireland is asking anglers and the general public to report any sightings of distressed fish, which may be caused by high water temperatures and low water levels.
Inland Fisheries Ireland is also asking anglers to voluntarily cease using ‘keep nets' during this period to avoid causing unintentional distress to fish kept for long periods.
The public is invited to make reports of fish in distress to Inland Fisheries Ireland's 24 Hour Hotline on 1890 34 74 24 or 1890 FISH 24. Inland Fisheries Ireland staff will continue to monitor water bodies for any signs of distressed fish in shallow water, but will be able to react more quickly to timely reports received.
Dr Ciaran Byrne, CEO of Inland Fisheries Ireland, said: “Low water levels and high water temperatures may lead to fish kills. The temperatures are dangerously hot at the moment and fish kills may be unavoidable. In some instances, moving fish may prove too stressful. We would ask anglers practicing catch and release fishing during this hot spell to consider taking a break from fishing entirely until conditions are more favourable.
“Inland Fisheries Ireland is also reminding landowners, industry and farmers that as these low water levels and warm water temperatures put additional pressures on Ireland's watercourses, there is a reduced amount of oxygen in water. As a result, poor quality discharges to rivers and lakes, such as silage effluent or sewage discharges can put additional demands on the oxygen levels, resulting in pollution incidents and fish kills.
“Landowners are reminded that abstraction of water from rivers and lakes should be carried out in a sustainable manner to ensure sufficient levels are available for other water users and to protect the aquatic habitat.
IFI 2018 Sponsorship Programme Beneficiaries Announced
Inland Fisheries Ireland has announced the beneficiaries of its 2018 Sponsorship Programme, which supports angling events and initiatives across the country.
The scheme will financially support 63 events to be held in Ireland, and a further 10 juvenile and women's events to be held overseas, to the overall tune of €30,000 with a focus on those which help grow Ireland's angling tourism product and support novice anglers.
A number of other events around the country will receive assistance from IFI staff during the year, along with promotional support and the use of IFI biosecurity equipment to prevent the spread of invasive species.
This year, the programme will support:
l 19 international angling events which will be held in Ireland
l 10 Irish angling teams travelling overseas to international angling events
l 28 coaching/juvenile events/competitions aimed at novice and young anglers
l 14 national and local angling events held in Ireland for domestic participants
l 2 seminars, which will help the exchange of information, ideas and practical experiences on fisheries management.
The angling initiatives, spanning 22 counties across the country, will be supported through financial aid and, where possible, through resource support from Inland Fisheries Ireland staff members. The Sponsorship Programme was announced in January with applications invited from anglers, angling clubs and organisations nationwide. In total, there were over 100 applications to this year's programme.
Recreational angling is estimated to contribute over €800 million to Ireland's economy on an annual basis, supporting upwards of 11,000 jobs.
Angling offers rural communities the opportunity to increase the number of visitors to the area and, in turn, support local business and create jobs by providing a sustainable source of income for both catering and accommodation services.
FILE PHOTO: Women walk past the logo of Google in front of its former headquarters, in Beijing June 2, 2011. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Customers shop in an Apple flagship store in Beijing's Sanlitun Area, which is one of four official Apple stores in China, July 22, 2011. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Customers shop in an Apple flagship store in Beijing's Sanlitun Area, which is one of four official Apple stores in China, July 22, 2011. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
BEIJING/WASHINGTON Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China's leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week.
Trump warned in a tweet last week the meetings at his Mar-a-Lago resort on Thursday and Friday will be "very difficult" and "American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives."
Trump has said he wants U.S. companies to stop investing in China and instead create jobs at home. He has also accused China of manipulating its currency to boost exports.
Critics within U.S. industry have accused China of unfair government subsidies to its companies, and of flooding the U.S. market with cheap products from steel to solar panels, while restricting foreign investment over vast swathes of the world's second-biggest economy.
But they also worry Trump's policies on China are not entirely clear, with his trade team still not in place, and may be subject to a 'grand bargain' involving other issues such as North Korea.
Trump is set to enter the meeting without several key advisors, including his pick for trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer who has yet to be confirmed by Congress. His nominee as ambassador to China, Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, has also yet to be confirmed, while several posts in the U.S. State Department that formulate Asia policy remain unfilled.
"With this in mind, it is hard to imagine that there will be much in the way of concrete accomplishments at this summit, or even that there has been any significant interagency discussion on strategy leading up to it," said Randal Phillips, Mintz Group's Beijing-based managing partner for Asia and the former chief CIA representative in China.
'ACTIONS, NOT WORDS'
Some of the largest U.S. companies have contributed to the billions of dollars of foreign direct investment that have poured into China over the past two decades, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs. They include tech companies like Apple, which makes much of its iPhone in China, automakers such as General Motors and Ford, heavy machinery firms like Caterpillar, retailers like Starbucks and makers of shaving foam and detergent, like Procter & Gamble.
U.S. steel producers want Trump to press Xi on Chinese steel prices, according to a source who has been in discussions with the administration in advance of the summit.
U.S. automakers complain about a disparity in tariffs: The United States has a 2.5 percent tariff on auto imports, China's is 25 percent.
But the stakes are perhaps highest for American technology firms, who worry that China's new cyber-security law, which takes effect in June, sets potentially discriminatory standards for multinationals.
The Information Technology & Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a think-tank whose board includes representatives from Apple, IBM Google and other tech heavyweights, has urged the Trump administration to pressure China to "stop rigging markets". It warned that possible retaliation from Beijing was not a reason for inaction.
Trump has staked out various positions on China as president in his tweets, phone calls and statements.
In a phone call with Xi after taking office, Trump gave ground on one of Beijing's most sensitive issues – the status of Taiwan - after earlier suggesting he might not stick to Washington's long-held "one China" policy.
Trump signed two executive orders on trade on Friday, one to improve import tariff collection and another to study the causes of the U.S. trade deficit. Trump said at the White House signing ceremony he and Xi were "going to get down to some serious business" and vowed that "the theft of American prosperity" by foreign countries would end.
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday the U.S.-China trade imbalance was mostly the result of differences in the two countries' economic structures and noted China had a trade deficit in services.
China tops the list of countries who have trade surpluses with the United States, with a $347 billion surplus last year.
TRADE WARS
Some in the U.S. business community worry about tit-for-tat retaliation in trade disputes with China.
Jacob Parker, vice president of China operations at the U.S.-China Business Council, said the two presidents need to take "positive actions that would lead to a more durable relationship, not retaliatory actions that would lead to a trade war".
The list of commercial issues between the two countries was so long, it would be impossible to make a major dent in them with one meeting, he said.
China is the largest export market for U.S. soybean producers, accounting for 62 percent of U.S. soy exports in 2016 with a value of over $14 billion, leading some experts to suggest the sector could be particularly vulnerable to retaliation.
Steve Censky, chief executive of the American Soybean Association, told Reuters he hopes Trump will take a "prudent" approach to the trade relationship and address any issues in a "workman-like manner", recognizing that both countries have a lot to lose if the relationship suffers.
William Zarit, chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in China met senior Trump administration officials in February, and said "it was clear they were very familiar with the issues facing American companies in China, perhaps more so than previous administrations".
But several corporate lobbyists, representing a range of companies expressed concern Trump's lack of attention to detail could prove counterproductive when it comes to the intricacies of the massive trade and investment relationship.
"It's not yet clear whether ... this is a White House that wants to fundamentally reset the terms of the relationship or tinker at the edges and declare a public relations win," said a China expert at a Washington business lobby who asked not to be named.
(Reporting by Michael Martina in Beijing; Diane Bartz, David Shepardson and Joel Schectman in Washington; Nichola Groom in Los Angeles; and Mark Weinraub in Chicago; Editing by Bill Tarrant)
(Repeats earlier story for wider readership with no change to text. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
SINGAPORE, March 28 Saudi Arabia and Russia are likely to discover that when pursuing two incompatible goals, the one deemed less important will ultimately be sacrificed.
The world's top two oil exporters appear to be chasing both higher crude prices through their curbs to production and market share by increasing exports, at least in Asia, the world's biggest crude importing region and the fastest growing.
The question is which of these two goals will ultimately be abandoned in favour of the other, and how long will it take for Saudi Arabia and Russia to realise the incompatibility of their dual ambitions?
The crude import data from Asia's biggest buyers show the scale of the challenge facing Saudi Arabia and Russia, the two countries that are the lynchpins of the November agreement between the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and its allies to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first six months of 2017.
That agreement, which provided an initial boost to crude prices, may be extended for another six months after ministers from OPEC and non-OPEC producers agreed on March 26 agreed to conduct a review.
While OPEC and its allies have had success in ensuring high compliance with the deal, which has started the process of drawing down high global oil inventories, they have also opened the door to producers outside the agreement to raise output.
Chinese customs data for the month of February highlight how at risk OPEC and its allies are from cutting their own output while their rivals are free to pump as much as they want.
China imported 4.77 million tonnes, or about 1.24 million bpd, from top supplier Saudi Arabia in February, down almost 13 percent from the same month a year earlier.
While February's imports were down from the same month in 2016, they were actually up from the 1.18 million bpd China imported from the kingdom in January, which shows that the Saudis seem reluctant to restrict sales to their top customer.
That's strike one against boosting prices in favour of preserving market share.
China imported 1.19 million bpd from Russia in February, up 4.5 percent on the same month last year and also above the 1.08 million bpd recorded in January.
So far, that looks like strike two against cutting supplies to increase prices over preserving market share.
To be sure, there were countries that agreed to the cuts that did reduce their exports to China in February, such as the United Arab Emirates, but this was more the exception to the rule.
China's imports from Saudi Arabia are 1 percent higher in the first two months of 2017 from the same period last year, while those from Russia are up 18.9 percent higher, from Angola 5.1 percent, Iraq 26.2 percent, Iran 9.4 percent and Venezuela 39.6 percent.
These figures don't really speak of a concerted effort to restrict supplies to China, which has overtaken the United States to be the world's largest importer of crude.
BRAZIL GAINS MARKET SHARE
It will also be disturbing for OPEC and its allies to look at the 64.8 percent surge in China's imports from Brazil in the first two months of this year to 392,000 bpd, and even from Britain, with a 380 percent leap to 126,000 bpd.
Sure, these are small numbers in the context of China's imports of 8.14 million bpd in the first two months, but it does show the Chinese are willing and able to tap other suppliers if they feel any pinch from OPEC and its allies cutting production.
It's a somewhat similar story in India, Asia's number two oil importer.
India's imports of crude oil from Brazil jumped 176.2 percent in the first two months of the year to 139,300 bpd, according to vessel-tracking and port data compiled by Thomson Reuters Supply Chain and Commodity Forecasts.
It was more of a mixed picture from exporters party to the November agreement, with India's imports from Saudi Arabia down by 15.2 percent to 789,900 bpd in the first two months, while Iraq saw a drop of 37.5 percent and Kuwait 27.3 percent.
But India's purchases from Iran were up 211 percent, from the UAE by 19.7 percent and Azerbaijan by 220 percent.
What the crude import numbers from China and India for the first two months show is that by and large the top producers seem reluctant to cut supplies to major Asian buyers, and that even if they do, other producers seem willing to step into the breach.
It's the ability of producers outside the agreement to fill any supply gap that's the potential strike three against cutting output to boost prices.
The United States exported around 950,000 to 1 million bpd in February, according to participants in the industry who spoke at an Argus crude oil forum in Singapore on Tuesday.
The participants, some of whom represented U.S. oil producers, expect that this level of exports can be sustained, and will increase in coming years as shale producers, particularly those in the Permian basin ramp up output, given they can be profitable at prices as low as $40 a barrel.
The U.S. shale industry is still the Sword of Damocles hanging over the head of OPEC and its allies.
While their agreement to curb output may have some impact insofar as drawing down excess inventories, perhaps it would be better for Saudi Arabia, Russia and the others to hope for stronger world economic growth to spark a demand-led rebalancing.
(Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The talks Secretary of State Rex Tillerson held in Moscow with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov laid the basis for improved US-Russian cooperation on Syria, analysts told Sputnik.
"This meeting seems to have put things on a more peaceful track. We can all applaud that," professor of neuroscience and political commentator John Walsh said. "Definitely the outcome of the talks with Tillerson, Lavrov and Putin was much better than expected."
The talks established the ground work for cautious but improved collaboration between Moscow and Washington in seeking to resolve the six-year-long civil war in Syria that cost more than half a million lives and crated more than four million refugees, Walsh said.
"The cooperation could range from joint military action to the much simpler one whereby the US pressures its allies like Saudi Arabia and Qatar and perhaps Israel whose role is unclear to cease support of ISIS [the Islamic State, also known as Daesh]," he said.
Walsh also believed that Tillerson's visit paved the way for a visit by President Donald Trump to the Russian capital in the near future.
"I think the prospects for that have vastly improved and we should all be thankful for that… Let us hope we are now on track again for Detente 2.0," he said.
Australian foreign policy analyst Crispin Rovere agreed that the outcome of the Moscow talks was better than expected and pointed to improved superpower cooperation on Syria.
"It was a positive result: There was speculation that President Putin would not meet with Secretary Tillerson, yet there was a productive meeting between them lasting for two hours. Russia has agreed to reinstate protocols for military cooperation in Syria," he said.
Rovere pointed to other substantial progress on the diplomatic front in dealing with the crisis as a result of the talks.
"Bilateral working groups are being established to address barriers to bilateral ties, and both sides agreed that an investigation into the alleged Syrian gas attack should be conducted by the OPCW [Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons]," he said.
Rovere also expressed optimism that Trump and Tillerson recognized the need to build mutual trust between their nations.
"What the Trump administration realizes is that the problem is trust and not some irreconcilable differences in world-view between the two powers. If trust improves there is no reason why a genuine partnership should not emerge," he explained.
Improved relations would benefit both nations on a wide range of issues, Rovere predicted.
"The upside in terms of defense cooperation, cyberspace, arms control, trade, investment, and regional stability stemming from a warmer US-Russia relationship is literally endless. Most immediately, the US and Russia should work on a pathway leading to the easing of sanctions," Rovere said.
Tillerson's visit to Moscow "augurs well" for a future meeting between Trump and Putin, Rovere concluded.
Kylie Minogue is planning to tour Australia after she releases her new album next year, and is making her return to the big screen.
The Australian pop star who lives in London is back home to promote her role in new Australian film Swinging Safari from Priscilla Queen of the Desert director Stephan Elliott.
But she revealed her highly-anticipated 14th studio album, which she has previously said is inspired by her split from ex-fiance Joshua Sasse, will be out very soon.
"I've been working all of this year on the album and it's done and it will be released early next year," Minogue told AAP in Sydney.
She's also confirmed a follow-up stage show is on the cards.
"Yes, I hope to tour late next year and of course I'll come home," Minogue said.
But Minogue has shifted the focus back to her original career as an actress, which started in Neighbours in the 1980s and has continued sporadically over the years in films such as The Delinquents, Street Fighter and Moulin Rouge.
She said she was lured back to the screen by Elliott's quirky, yet familiar, story of growing up in 70s Australia in the upcoming comedy Swinging Safari.
Minogue is part of an ensemble cast alongside Asher Keddie, Radha Mitchell, Guy Pearce, Julian McMahon and Jeremy Sims
"I read the script a few years ago now and I was laughing out loud in the back of the car reading it in London and I just felt totally homesick. I knew this place that he was talking about and I thought 'I'd love to do this. I don't get to do this very often'. So it was a yes straight away," Minogue told AAP.
"Then the girls came on board and we got three other guys and just an amazing cast ... and a chance to come home and do some acting again."
It's also a reunion for Minogue who is acting alongside her old Neighbours co-star Pearce for the first time since the pair appeared on the soap together nearly 30 years ago.
"It's been a few years it really has, so it's great to reconnect with him," she said.
Pearce, who plays her husband in Swinging Safari, said there had been a long time where the pair didn't even see each other.
"It was 1988 I think when we last worked together," Pearce told AAP.
"In, fact when Kylie and I saw each other at the Cannes film festival two or three years ago, talking about this film, we hadn't seen each other for 17 years."
He says they fell back into an easy rhythm pretty quickly and it's given Minogue the acting bug as she said she hopes to do more onscreen work.
*Swinging Safari is released on January 18
Disgraced former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci again attempted to endanger and sabotage President Donald Trump's reelection chances by insisting that Trump adopt Morning Joe Scarborough's “No Labels” playbook even though statistical evidence suggests that such a strategy would guarantee Trump loses in 2020.
Perhaps that is what Scaramucci, like Scarborough, ultimately wants.
advertisement
On ABC's This Week on Sunday, Scaramucci said Trump has “got to be more into where the moderates and the independents are.” He repeated the same advice on Monday evening on Stephen Colbert's Late Show. A recent study, though, found that only 3.8% of voters in 2016 were the so-called “economically conservative and socially liberal” voters Morning Joe panelists–mistakenly thinking that Americans are exactly like the New York and D.C. elite with whom they eat foods and drink beverages that are not found on the dinner tables of most Americans–salivate over endlessly. Yet, Scaramucci insisted that Trump will be “very successful” by adopting Scaramucci and Scarborough's “moderate” positions favored by the global elites from whom they have always craved affirmation.
As the Wall Street Journal, of all places, pointed out, the Voter Study Group study found that only 3.8% of voters in the 2016 election were “socially liberal and economically conservative,” and they “split their votes evenly between” Trump and Hillary Clinton.
As George Mason law professor F.H. Buckley noted, the report found that “the crucial differences between the two parties came down to social concerns, including pride in America, immigration,” and moral “issues such as abortion and gay marriage.”
“The Democrats gave the back of their hand to Catholic voters, the principal bloc of swing voters in America. Democrats of the past would have been horrified to learn that their party makes faithful Catholics feel unwanted: That's what they thought Republicans did,” he wrote. “But Mr. Trump courted white Catholics, and they provided him with the winning margins in Pennsylvania, Ohio and Michigan. Those three states determined the outcome of the election.”
Buckley notes that the study concluded that “the sweet spot in American politics is thus the upper-left quadrant of the double majority: economic liberals and social conservatives. It's the place where presidential elections are won, and the winner is usually going to be the candidate who won't touch Social Security and who promises to nominate judges in the mold of Antonin Scalia.”
“In other words—Donald Trump. Mr. Drutman labeled such voters populists, but I prefer the term that Mr. Trump himself has applied to them: the Republican ‘workers party,'” he continued. “They constituted nearly 30% of voters in 2016 and they split 3 to 1 for Mr. Trump.”
As Breitbart News has pointed out, it seems like Trump's advisers in the White House either want him to adopt socially liberal policies that will turn off Trump's conservative voters or rigid economic policies that benefit Wall Street, which would turn off Trump's blue-collar voters in the Rust Belt states.
Bannon, the blue-collar Catholic, seems to be the only one of Trump's advisers who gets Trump's voters and the agenda that got Trump elected. Perhaps that is why Trump's globalist advisers want to “sideline” Bannon. Scaramucci, after all, even admitted that Breitbart News was the outlet that “captured the spirit” of what was “actually going on in this country.”
Former White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus pointed out that Bannon works tirelessly for the pro-natioanlist and populist agenda that put Trump in the White House.
“He is a brilliant guy who only cares about the president's agenda. He thinks about it 24 hours a day. Never quits,” Priebus said.
The question is now whether White House Chief of Staff John Kelly will allow Bannon to present Trump the viewpoints that will be essential to keeping him in office or side with those in the White House who have never understood Trump's appeal, which will ensure Trump loses the 2020 election and cause Trump's haters in the legacy media and the Never Trump world to rejoice.
A poll released Wednesday revealed that Donald Trump voters think that hamburgers are the “most American” food to eat on July 4, while Democrats prefer hot dogs.
The Axios poll revealed that, regardless of income level or gender, 35 percent of Americans believe hamburgers are the most patriotic food. However, hot dogs came in a close second for women, with 32 percent for hamburgers and 31 percent for hot dogs.
Thirty-nine percent of Trump voters backed hamburgers as the best July 4 holiday food, while 33 percent of Hillary Clinton voters prefer hot dogs.
Beer came in third place as the most American drink, while watermelon and barbeque chicken placed right behind beer.
Walmart released data last year revealing that more states prefer hamburgers to hot dogs. Walmart tracked the sales of hot dogs and hamburgers in the four weeks leading up to the Fourth of July and found that 39 states prefer hamburgers to hot dogs.
Maine, Michigan, North Carolina, Hawaii, and West Virginia preferred hot dogs to hamburgers.
On Tuesday, the Hill surveyed politicians across the political spectrum to learn if they prefer hot dogs or hamburgers.
Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY) said he prefers hamburgers, calling them “an all American food.”
Congressman Jim Himes (D-CT) concurred with his Democrat colleague, saying, “Oh, I'm a hamburger guy. Mustard, onions, and pickles.”
House Republican Study Committee (RSC) chairman Mark Walker (R-NC) said he likes hot dogs.
Rep. Walker contended, “It's gotta be a hot dog. In North Carolina, they put slaw on it, so if you don't like slaw, you gotta remember to take it off.”
In contrast, Rep. Earl Blumenauer (D-OR) suggested he prefers a healthy salad for July 4.
“This Fourth of July, it's going to be a salad. I'm going to be healthy for once so I can come back here and fight the good fight,” Blumenauer told the Hill.
In an interview with the Washington Examiner, failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney said his favorite food is a hot dog.
WASHINGTON | President Donald Trump continues to warn of a looming March 5 deadline on immigration.
“March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct – and do nothing,” he tweeted Thursday. “Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!”
“We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems!” he added late. “March 5th is coming up fast.”
In this Dec. 6, 2017, file photo, demonstrators hold up balloons during an immigration rally in support of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), and Temporary Protected Status (TPS), programs, near the U.S. Capitol in Washington. (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana, File)
THE FACTS:
A recent court ruling leaves the March 5 deadline all but moot for now.
The deadline dates back to September 5, when Trump announced that he was ending the Obama administration's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which provided protection from deportation and work permits for about 800,000 young people who were brought to the U.S. as children and are now living here illegally.
To lessen the blow, the administration announced that recipients whose status was set to expire before March 5 would be allowed to apply for renewals, so long as their applications were received within a month. Trump framed that as giving Congress six months to come up with a legislative fix.
But that timeline became far less significant when a federal court judge in San Francisco blocked Trump's action on the grounds that young immigrants would suffer “irreparable harm.”
In response, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services announced that it was once again accepting DACA renewals, processing them just as they had before Trump's September announcement — including renewals for applicants whose permits expire after March 5.
Asked whether that would change on March 5, USCIS said they could not speculate on any “potential outcomes,” but that the agency “will comply with the federal court order and will accept requests to renew a grant of deferred action under DACA.”
“Until further notice,” they added, “the DACA policy will be operated on the terms in place before it was rescinded on Sept. 5, 2017.”
Pressed on what then would change on March 5, a White House official said the administration was confident the courts would act ahead of that date. In the meantime, Trump has pressured Democrats in Congress to support an immigration proposal they say is a non-starter.
The Supreme Court will meet in private on Feb. 16 and on the agenda is the administration's bid to have the San Francisco judge's order reviewed before the end of the term in June.
It's a longshot strategy, but even if that succeeds, the judge's order to accept DACA renewals will remain in effect at least until the Supreme Court rules definitively.
The administration has chosen not to seek a stay of the order from the Supreme Court, meaning the administration has not asked the justices to block the California judge's order as it waits.
Unless there's a legislative resolution, it's unclear how the fight might be resolved by March 5, barring a surprise move by Trump.
In the meantime, thousands of DACA recipients have already lost protections and work authorization since Trump announced his decision on September 5.
While the court ruling allows recipients to reapply for deferred actions, those applications take months to adjudicate — months when applicants aren't allowed to work and could be detained and put in deportation proceedings.
Before the judge's ruling, the nonpartisan Migration Policy Institute had estimated an average of 915 people would lose DACA protections every day after March 5.
Adding to the uncertainly: Mixed messages from the administration.
Trump has repeated suggestions that he might be willing to push back his deadline, telling reporters recently, saying he has the right to do that if he wants.
But Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen has described that as possibly “unconstitutional” — the same argument made repeatedly by the Justice Department and by administration attorneys defending Trump's action in court.
“If Trump extends DACA, he'd be undermining the reason he gave for rescinding it,” said Leon Fresco, former top immigration aide to Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., who is now Senate minority leader.
For now, the immigration debate on the Hill appears to be at a standstill, with all sides digging in, and warning of an impending deadline that may come and go with little impact.
Both sides gain leverage by repeating it.
Trump is using the March 5 deadline to try to pressure Democrats to come to the table, while Democrats will likely spend the next month arguing that a failure to act leaves DACA recipients vulnerable, highlighting the inevitable stories about recipients losing jobs, being detained and living in fear.
But without a looming deadline, it seems doubtful there would be the same urgency to get something done.
Associated Press writer Mark Sherman contributed to this report.
Find AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow @APFactCheck on Twitter: https://twitter.com/APFactCheck
The Sandy Hook Promise group, a gun violence prevention organization, has released a new video to raise public awareness and prevent "tomorrow's" school shootings in memory of the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre, which left 27 people dead.
The group issued a faux news broadcast, based on the interviews with pupils, teachers and passers-by, talking about the shooting that will take place at their school the very next day and troublesome signs they might have observed but failed to recognize or tell others about.
The footage shows a "typical" situation after the incident, when students are questioned they start remembering weird things about the perpetrator's behavior:
“He told some of us that his dad kept a gun in his closet and he always talked about using it on … the people that bullied him,” one student says. “Tomorrow I'll probably say that I wish I told someone.”
READ MORE: Connecticut Supreme Court Agrees to Hear Sandy Hook Families' Gun Appeal
In the meantime, the police say that the investigators will find out that the shooter has been talking about his plans on social media for weeks.
The video, released to promote the group's “Know the Signs” program, shows the importance of preventing gun violence before it starts, the only thing that each of us has to know is how to see and recognize warning signs that may result in a tragedy.
© AP Photo/ Jeff Chiu (File) Nicole Hockley, center, speaks in front of San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee, rear from left, Ron Conway of SV Angel, and San Francisco District Attorney George Gascon at a Sandy Hook Promise news conference in San Francisco, Thursday, March 14, 2013
The Sandy Hook Promise, founded by two parents in the aftermath of school shooting in 2012 in Newtown, Connecticut seeks to raise $1 million for its programs through donations received in response to their public service announcements and a tribute song “The Dreaming Kind,” which was recorded by famous artist Sheryl Crow.
Another powerful film titled Evan was done by BBDO New York advertising agency for Sandy Hook Promise last year and featured an unexpected twist. While one of the students was thoroughly planning a school shooting, others, including Evan, were counting down the days to summer holidays, and didn't notice any signs. The video has been viewed more than 10 million times on YouTube, and won the Entertainment Gold Lion at Cannes.
The Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting happened on December 14, 2012, when 20-year-old Adam Lanza killed 20 first-graders, six staff members, and then shot himself in the head.
Mark Hamill feels "disconnected" from his 'Star Wars' character Luke Skywalker, despite being synonymous with the role for 40 years.
The 66-year-old actor has played the iconic hero in the sci-fi franchise since the first instalment was released in 1977, and although many people consider the star and his character to go hand in hand, he has admitted he doesn't relate to the fictional adventurer.
He said: "I look at Luke Skywalker and there is a disconnect for me. I'm not heroic. I don't even like flying. I'm not a comfortable flier. So all these virtues he has I don't relate to them. Mark Hamill feels pain, Luke Skywalker feels no pain. He is the celluloid hero and I'm not. I do feel pain, I do age and get old. Luke will forever be that farm boy."
Because he doesn't feel connected to his role as Luke, Mark has been watching audition footage on YouTube of other actors reading for the role, and said he was "amazed" that he had managed to win the role for himself.
He added: "What was amazing to me was that I liked all of the Lukes. They were all perfectly valid and would have been great in the movie. I'm thinking: 'Why did it turn out to be me?'"
In the original trilogy of 'Star Wars' movies, Mark teamed up with Harrison Ford's Han Solo, and Princess Leia, played by the late Carrie Fisher - who died in December 2016 aged 60 - and the star believes the trio of character worked because the actors had "chemistry".
Speaking to the latest issue of The Big Issue magazine Mark said: "They picked Carrie, Harrison and me. I think it was chemistry. If you put it in different combinations, it didn't work. I've heard so many people, like Sylvester Stallone, saying he turned Han Solo down. And Burt Reynolds claims he turned down Han Solo and James Bond. That is kind of dodgy, I don't think he could play British convincingly - if he could do the accent he would have done it by now. They are all fine actors. It would have been so different had they taken it."
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
A British couple was slightly injured in a traffic accident in Paphos on Easter Monday.
According to the police, a vehicle driven by a soldier from the British bases collided with a car in which the couple was travelling at around 8.30pm.
The couple was injured in the crash and was rushed to the accident and emergency (A&E) department at Paphos General hospital. There, they were diagnosed with minor injuries, treated and kept in as a precaution.
The soldier and the other three passengers in the other car were not injured.
The causes of the accident are being investigated by Paphos police.
March 30 Opera Software Asa
* Maintains 2017 target of revenues $550 million-$650 million, up from $537 million in 2016
* Maintains 2017 target of adjusted ebitda $50 million-$70 million, corresponding to an ebitda margin of 9-11 percent
* Says medium-term ambition is for revenue to exceed $1 billion, adjusted ebitda margin of about 15 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Terje Solsvik)
Lucknow: In a major set back to the ruling BJP in Uttar Pradesh, its candidate is trailing in the high-stake Kairana parliamentary constituency.
After nine rounds of counting, RLD's Tabassum Hasan received 66.47 percent of the votes (46,909 votes) while BJP's Mriganka Singh received 31.13 percent (21,970 votes).
RLD's Hasan has been supported by the Samajwadi Party (SP), Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), the Congress and the regional Nishad Party in the bypoll which was held on Monday.
Kairana's trends are being watched closely across the country as this could set in motion the opposition unity if its candidate wins and could undo the victory march of the BJP, which had earlier lost the Gorakhpur and Phulpur seats in the state.
Cotton Bayou Intersection Gets New Traffic Signal
A new traffic signal has been installed and will be in service at the Cotton Bayou Boat Launch intersection. This will mean that the left turn lanes, turning north from Perdido Beach Boulevard onto Highway 161, will be permanently eliminated. The left turn movement will be accommodated at the new signal to the east at Cotton Bayou. While these new changes will take some getting used to, all drivers, cyclists and pedestrians are asked to be alert and patient.
FRANKFURT, March 30 SMA Solar, Germany's largest solar group, is holding on to its cash pile to cope with an eventual downturn of the industry, its finance chief said, adding takeovers were not on the agenda after the group presented full-year results.
"We are preparing for eventually difficult times," Ulrich Hadding told journalists at its annual press conference, pointing to the group's operating cash flow of 148 million euros ($159 million) at the end of 2016, up 44 percent on the year. ($1 = 0.9314 euros) (Reporting by Christoph Steitz; Editing by Arno Schuetze)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - Local owner of Renewal by Andersen Page Ewell made a return visit to our studio to fill us in on a few of those differences. He also told us about a special offer for Virginia This Morning viewers.
For more information you can call 1-800-589-6633 or visit www.richmondwindow.com
{THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY RENEWAL BY ANDERSEN}
When Samantha Cohen starts work as Prince Harry‘s closest aide this summer, he and new wife Meghan Markle will have a perfect stalwart of royal life to guide them.
Even before the May 19 royal wedding, Cohen, 49, had already been helping Meghan, 36, with protocol at events like April's Commonwealth meeting to “deftly” manage her new situation in the royal world, an insider says.
She is also tasked with helping to establish a path forward for the former Suits star, who “needs to carve out a role that she is happy with or she will go crazy,” says the insider in this week's PEOPLE cover story.
Samantha Cohen at the wedding of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Pool/Max Mumby/Getty
A former assistant private secretary to Queen Elizabeth, Cohen is adept at managing both potential intra-palace conflicts and the media. As a former press secretary to the Queen, 92, Cohen has a good working relationship with many in the U.K. press — something that will be increasingly important as the new couple make their way in the world.
For more on how Cohen is helping Meghan Markle and Prince Harry as they prep for their public duties, pick up the latest issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday.
“She will make sure Meghan is as happy as she can be without ruffling feathers,” a source says of the Australian-born courtier, who is well liked by both Prince William and Harry. “She will represent her voice both internally and externally and fight her battles.”
Cohen will also be on hand to help the couple as they travel on their first major foreign tour, based around the Invictus Games in Sydney, Australia, in October.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp:
* EXXONMOBIL EARNS $19.7 BILLION IN 2017; $8.4 BILLION IN FOURTH QUARTER
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.97
* EXXONMOBIL - NET FAVORABLE NON-CASH IMPACTS IN Q4 TOTAL $4.6 BILLION, INCLUDING $5.9 BILLION RELATING TO U.S. TAX REFORM
* EXXONMOBIL QTRLY OIL-EQUIVALENT PRODUCTION WAS 4 MILLION BARRELS PER DAY, DOWN 3 PERCENT FROM PRIOR YEAR
* Q4 2017 ‍EARNINGS OF $8.4 BILLION INCREASED $6.7 BILLION FROM Q4 OF 2016.​
* Q4 2017 ‍EARNINGS EXCLUDING U.S. TAX REFORM AND IMPAIRMENTS WERE $3.7 BILLION, DOWN 2 PERCENT COMPARED WITH Q4 OF 2016​
* EXXONMOBIL - EXCLUDING ENTITLEMENT EFFECTS AND DIVESTMENTS, OIL-EQUIVALENT PRODUCTION WAS DOWN 1 PERCENT IN QUARTER FROM PRIOR YEAR
* EXXONMOBIL - QTRLY LIQUIDS PRODUCTION TOTALED 2.3 MILLION BARRELS PER DAY, DOWN 133,000 BARRELS PER DAY
* Q4 2017 ‍CAPITAL AND EXPLORATION EXPENDITURES WERE $9 BILLION, INCLUDING ACQUISITIONS IN MOZAMBIQUE AND BRAZIL​
* EXXONMOBIL - QTRLY NATURAL GAS PRODUCTION WAS 10.4 BILLION CUBIC FEET PER DAY, UP 17 MILLION CUBIC FEET PER DAY FROM 2016
* EXXONMOBIL QTRLY CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS AND ASSET SALES WAS $8.8 BILLION VERSUS. $9.5 BILLION REPORTED IN Q4 LAST YEAR
* EXXONMOBIL - QTRLY CHEMICAL EARNINGS OF $1.3 BILLION WERE $398 MILLION HIGHER THAN Q4 OF 2016
* EXXONMOBIL - Q4 TOTAL REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME $66,515 MILLION VERSUS $56,399 MILLION IN Q4 LAST YEAR
* EXXONMOBIL - PREVIOUS DISCOVERIES OFFSHORE GUYANA NOW ESTIMATED TO TOTAL OVER 3.2 BILLION RECOVERABLE OIL-EQUIVALENT BARRELS, EXCLUDING RANGER WELL
* EXXONMOBIL - Q4 WORLDWIDE REFINERY THROUGHPUT 4,207 KBD VERSUS. 4,371 KBD REPORTED IN Q4 LAST YEAR
* EXXONMOBIL - UPSTREAM EARNINGS WERE $8.4 BILLION IN Q4 OF 2017, UP $9 BILLION FROM Q4 OF 2016
* EXXONMOBIL QTRLY DOWNSTREAM EARNINGS WERE $1.6 BILLION, UP $323 MILLION FROM Q4 OF 2016
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $1.04, REVENUE VIEW $74.31 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* EXXONMOBIL SAYS QUARTER INCLUDED ASSET IMPAIRMENTS OF $1.3 BILLION
* Q4 2017 ‍EARNINGS EXCLUDING U.S. TAX REFORM AND IMPAIRMENTS WERE $0.88 PER SHARE ​
* EXXONMOBIL - PLANS TO OPEN MORE THAN 50 MOBIL STATIONS IN MEXICO DURING Q1 OF 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Toddler dies after being found in swimming pool
THIBODAUX, La. (AP) — Authorities say a Louisiana toddler has died after being pulled from a swimming pool.
A news release from Lafourche (lah-FOOSH') Parish Sheriff Craig Webre says Riley Bourgeois of Matthews died Monday — days before his second birthday.
Webre's statement Tuesday said the child had been playing with a friend as his family visited a neighbor's residence Saturday. He was later found, unresponsive, in a swimming pool at the residence.
Surveillance video showed the boy was able to open a gate to gain access to the fenced-in swimming pool area.
A bystander was already administering CPR when sheriff's deputies, firefighters and state police arrived. The child remained in critical condition until his death.
Drowning is the suspected cause of death but Webre's office said the official cause would be determined later.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA -- People are calling him a modern day vigilante! A Twitter account with the handle @YesYoureRacist is doing its part to out the white nationalists at Friday's rally in Charlottesville.
The man behind the keyboard, Logan Smith, originally wanted to be unnamed but came out on CNN Monday to talk about his digital crusade.
"There was one young man from Nevada that was pictured with an incredibly angry expression," Smith said. "We tracked him down quickly."
That guy is a 20-year old student at the University of Nevada named Peter, and he was only one of many to be called out. For his part, Peter has defended his beliefs as a white nationalist.
People aren't just looking at the angry protesters. They're looking at what they're holding too! When the protesters set out on their path, they needed to gear up! They must have had a hard time finding torches and pitch forks at Home Depot, so they opted for fancy tiki torches instead!
Cue the internet reaction! One Twitter user posted this gif:
Me whenever I'm in Walmart and see someone copping a Tiki torch now pic.twitter.com/XtPOzvkvtH — Tristan (@AyoTristan) August 12, 2017
Another person said:
Nothing says "I'm a tough white guy" like marching with a tiki torch. — andy lassner (@andylassner) August 12, 2017
The tiki company came back with this statement:
You can bet backyard luaus will never be the same again!
I compiled a few plays of DeMarco Murray that show what kind of value he can have for the team.
In this first two plays, DeMarco Murray is lined up as a lead back along with Derrick Henry. Mariota runs the option, and Murray selflessly makes a lead block to spring Mariota. Murray can help add an element to the Dolphins' offense that they will likely run with Tannehill. Keep in mind, Damian Williams could be brought back and be used in this role as well.
The Next play show's Murray's patience which allows blocks to set up before he bursts upfield. He then has the awareness to allow his blocks to set up downfield. This kind of patience can help Drake be very effective.
The final play shows something that Drake has already shown, but it doesn't hurt to see a veteran play doing it. Murray gets 3 yards originally, but he delivers a blow to the defender and fights forward for 2 more yards.
I think the Dolphins are serious about bringing in Murray. Murray was known for helping to change the culture in the locker room in Tennessee, which makes sense of why the Dolphins have interest. I do think the Dolphins are looking for fresh legs behind Drake, however, you can see where Murray's experience could help Drake grow into a better running back. Drake is still a very young running back that can benefit from Demarco Murray, especially since they have very similar playing styles.
The Next play show's Murray's patience which allows blocks to set up before he bursts upfield. He then has the awareness to allow his blocks to set up downfield. This kind of patience can help Drake be very effective.
DeMarco Murray turned 30 in February, which typically spells the end for a RB in the NFL. That does not mean that Murray cannot be effective, however, Murray brings more to the Dolphins' young offense than just talent on the field.Mike Oliva here at DolphinsTalk.com asked the question if DeMarco Murray is a good fit in Miami in his latest article. I'm not going to debate whether he is a fit or not, but I want to show some of the value he offers a very young Dolphins team.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
First Lady Melania Trump is the belle of the ball at the United States-France state dinner, which she planned on her own, in a custom-fitted Chanel Haute Couture gown.
Mrs. Trump greeted French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte Macron, at the White House for the state dinner alongside President Trump, wearing the ultimate homage to Parisian luxury: A Chanel Haute Couture hand-painted gown dripping in sequins, crystals, and Chantilly lace.
The Chanel Haute Couture gown was shown on the Spring Haute Couture week runways in Paris, France originally as a jumpsuit with matching fingerless gloves.
Mrs. Trump's rendition of the look — fitted and created by the fashion industry's leading designer, Chanel creative director Karl Lagerfeld — features a calf-length of the beaded portion of the gown while the lace underlay drapes to the floor. The Chanel gown also has rounded pockets on the hips trimmed in crystals.
On Mrs. Trump's feet are a pair of gunmetal stilettos by Christian Louboutin.
Meanwhile, Mrs. Macron wore a Louis Vuitton gown, a fashion house that she exclusively wears and has become known for carrying the brand's latest handbags in her hands.
Mrs. Trump stole the show earlier in the day when she stepped out of the White House in a white Michael Kors skirt suit and matching, wide brim hat by Hervé Pierre, her personal style advisor, as Breitbart News noted.
Mrs. Trump greeted the Macrons on Monday in an all-black ensemble that featured designs from a slew of major fashion houses, including Givenchy, Dolce & Gabbana, Christian Dior, and Ralph Lauren.
WILL TURN YOU INTO MUSH Sibling Puppies Are Deliriously Excited To Be Reunited After One Month Apart
Just because Aspen and Senna were purchased by different owners doesn't mean they'd forgotten each other.
April 5 (Gracenote) - Results from the Italian Cup Semifinal second leg matches on Wednesday Semifinal Wednesday, April 5, second leg Napoli - Juventus 3-2 (halftime: 0-1) First leg: Juventus - Napoli 3-1. Juventus win 5-4 on aggregate. Tuesday, April 4, second leg AS Roma - Lazio 3-2 (halftime: 1-1) First leg: Lazio - AS Roma 2-0. Lazio win 4-3 on aggregate.
KANSAS CITY, Kan. (AP) — A Kansas-based operator of addiction treatment centers will pay $25,000 to settle a complaint that it treated its clients with HIV or AIDs differently than other patients.
U.S. Attorney Tom Beall announced Friday the policies of Valley Hope Association in Norton violated the Americans with Disabilities Act.
The company was accused of requiring people with HIV or AIDS to stay in separate rooms during residential treatment unless they revealed their status to potential roommates. The clients also were not allowed to participate in some work activities.
Valley Hope Association operates 16 addiction treatment centers in seven states.
The company will be required to adopt a non-discrimination policy and to provide mandatory annual training to its employees and contractors.
HANDMADE decorations and gifts are finding their way on to and under the Christmas tree, as frugal South Australians turn to do-it-yourself options.
Cook and food author Rebecca Sullivan said there was growing interest in DIY presents and cooked treats.
“Everyone is more time poor than ever so to think someone spent time making you something; no bought gift can top that,” she said.
Ms Sullivan is running a gift-making workshop, The Art of the Natural Christmas, with London cookbook author Rachel de Thample and former MasterChef Australia contestant Sam Whitehead at Plant 4 Bowden on Wednesday.
She said people were also looking for environmentally friendly gift options.
“People not only want to DIY more in all areas of their lives, they want transparency — they want to know what's in their homes, not just in their food, in their skin care products, in everything,” she said.
“I also think we are seeing the waste problem more clearly and are sick of being pushed to upgrade every few seconds.”
Florists are also making the most of the DIY trend by offering Christmas classes.
Miss Maggies Flowers owner Maggie Ryan started offering wreath-making workshops in the Barossa Valley this year and said “the response has been really good”.
She said people wanted to learn about eco-friendly table decorations and “walk away with the confidence to do it”.
Have a DIY Christmas
■ Get creative and up-cycle by wrapping presents in something practical like a tea towel or eco bag.
■ Use sprigs of herbs with some twine instead of non-recyclable plastic ribbons.
■ Style Christmas table centrepieces with foraged branches and oranges instead of plastic baubles.
■ Make gifts like a “salad garden” or “cocktail garden”, filled with planted leafy greens or herbs for your favourite summer cocktails.
Alan Dershowitz, one of the the US' foremost civil liberties lawyers, has called for Robert Mueller to be investigated over the role he may have played in protecting Whitey Bulger, a notorious Bostonian gangster who was shielded from prosecution by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for decades.
Noting "any criticism or even skepticism" regarding Mueller is seen as "motivated by a desire to help Trump," Dershowitz records how Mueller was director of the FBI during "the most scandalous miscarriage of justice in the modern history" of the Bureau, in which at least four innocent people were framed by the FBI to "protect mass murdering gangsters" working as FBI informers.
Moreover, FBI agents were tipping off Bulger as to who might testify against him, so these individuals could be killed. The progress of federal efforts to catch Bulger were also leaked to the gangster, allowing him to remain at large for 16 years — despite him being the FBI's most wanted man, alongside Osama Bin Laden, and the Bureau offering up the largest reward — US$2 million — it ever offered for information assisting in the capture of a domestic fugitive.
© AP Photo / Charles Dharapak Former FBI Director Robert Mueller (File)
"What responsibility did Mueller, who was in key positions of authority and capable of preventing these horrible miscarriages, have in this sordid incident? A former member of the parole board swears he saw a letter from Mueller urging the denial of release for at least one wrongfully convicted defendant. When he went back to retrieve the letter, it was not in the file. Moreover, it is widely believed among Boston law enforcement observers the FBI was not really looking for Bulger during the years Mueller was its Director," Dershowitz enquired.
The mainstream media has been quick to attack Dershowitz, with some invoking Politico magazine's appraisal of the man from May 2017, when he was named Special Counsel in the Trump-Russia investigation. They dubbed him America's "straightest arrow", a "respected, nonpartisan and fiercely apolitical" public servant whose only lifetime motivation has been "the search for justice."
A precursory look of his spell as FBI Director tells a very different story.
Hear No Evil
Mueller took control of the FBI one week prior to the 9/11 attacks — the phrase "cometh the hour, cometh the man" singularly didn't apply. Three days after the tragedy, the new leader claimed neither he nor his organization had any idea extremists received training at US flight schools.
"If we had understood that to be the case, we would have — perhaps one could have averted this," he said, adding another three days later, "there were no warning signs I'm aware of that would indicate this type of operation in the country."
© AP Photo / Joe Marquette Former FBI Director Mueller
The Bush administration invoked Mueller's allegations, along with similar protestations of ignorance by other elements of the US state security apparatus, in justifying the introduction of the historically intrusive Patriot Act, which vastly expanded the FBI's spying powers.
In May the next year, long after the Act had become law, it was revealed FBI agents in several major cities had repeatedly warned Bureau headquarters about suspicious individuals hailing from the Middle East being enrolled in training programs prior to 9/11. Not long after, a House-Senate Joint Intelligence Committee concluded FBI ineptitude in the years leading up to the attacks had helped the US become an effective "sanctuary for radical terrorists."
Such revelations did nought to dent indulgence of the Bureau by Washington. Under the Patriot Act, the number of National Security Letters (NSLs) issued by the FBI rose to around 50,000 annually, a 300 percent increase.
NSLs allow the FBI to seize private records of citizens, businesses and charitable groups — records revealing where a person makes and spends money, with whom they live, how much they gamble, what they buy online, where they travel, how they invest, what they search for and read on the Web, who telephones or e-mails them at home and/or work, and somehow more. Just one NSL can hoover up thousands of individuals' private information without a warrant, and recipients are prohibited from disclosing their data has been raided.
© Flickr/ Amy Even as key parts of the Patriot Act have expired - and along with it the justification for the NSA's bulk collection of phone metadata - the recently revealed NSA capabilities turning voice recordings into searchable text remain intact.
When legislators were considering renewing the Patriot Act in 2006, FBI representatives grilled by Congress not only misled their questioners about how many NSLs had been issued, but claimed the system was immune to abuse. In 2007 , an Inspector General report revealed Bureau agents issued many thousands of illegitimate NSLs.
The Spy Who Lied To Me
Mueller himself was responsible for perpetuating several major untruths during his tenure as FBI director.
For instance, Section 215 of the Patriot Act allowed the FBI to requisition business records relevant to any terrorism investigation. In 2011, Mueller told the Senate Intelligence Committee the Bureau interpreted Section 215 narrowly and rarely used it — however, the reality was the FBI viewed all US telephone records as relevant to all its investigations.
Moreover, Mueller would unquestioningly sign orders with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court at regular intervals every year, renewing orders obliging telecoms providers to hand over all calling records — including information such as length, time and even location — to the National Security Agency (NSA).
Perhaps most notoriously though, at an April 2005 Senate hearing, Democrat Barbara Mikulski asked him whether the NSA could spy on US citizens.
"I would say generally, they are not allowed to spy or to gather information on American citizens," he responded.
This answer was proven conclusively untrue a mere nine months later, when it was revealed the Bush administration had allowed the NSA to illegally wiretap hundreds of citizens, and bulk-access millions of individuals' email accounts. However, the sheer scale of the operation didn't become wholly clear until June 2013, when former NSA contractor Edward Snowden's seismic leaks exposed how indiscriminate and arbitrary the NSA's domestic spying, data collection and retention powers truly were, and how they were applied to almost ever US citizen without warrant or approval.
Given this legacy, it's perhaps unsurprising in 2011 the Electronic Freedom Foundation concluded the FBI probably committed "tens of thousands" of violations of federal law, regulations, and executive orders under Mueller's leadership.
The $17 million aircraft will have teachers and students wear "modified" masks while researchers look into how to solve the oxygen issue, the Seattle Times reported.
The fleet will continue making trips into the sky on Monday, Vice. Adm. Mike Shoemaker said. Instructors will fly planes lower than 10,000 feet to avert using the jets' oxygen systems, which had been causing pilots to undergo forced oxygen deprivation episodes in the air.
Pilot trainees should be able to conduct about 75 percent of mission trainings as engineers and NASA scientists seek to determine the root cause for the problem, Military.com reported. "This will remain our top safety priority until we fully understand all causal factors and have identified a solution that will further reduce our risks to aircrews," Shoemaker noted.
On April 9, Shoemaker told Military.com that the Navy is adopting an "unconstrained resources" approach to the problem, "meaning we have not been nor will we be limited by money or manpower as we diligently work toward solutions."
Hypoxia, or lack of oxygen reaching the body's tissues, "has plagued the service's fleet of T-45s for years now," Flight Global noted. The so-called on-board oxygen generation system that has given the T-45s woes previously served as a thorn in the side of the F/A-18, Sputnik reported in 2016.
The maker of the training jet, McDonnell Douglas, merged with Boeing in 1997. Boeing's stock jumped almost two percent on Monday when the market closed at 4:00 PM.
​
New Delhi: Nearly 20 months after she was found brutally slain in her home, the Ernakulam Principal Sessions Court found Ameerul Islam guilty in the Jisha rape and murder case that rocked Kerala last year.
The court found Ameerul guilty of all charges except for destruction of evidence, and violations under the SC/ST Prevention of Atrocities Act. The court said that the charges under Sections 449 (trespass), 342 (wrongful confinement), 376 (rape) and 302 (murder) had been proved.
Following the verdict, Jisha's mother Rajeshwari said, "I hope no one else goes through what we did."
While the prosecution has asked for the death penalty, the quantum of punishment will be announced by the court on Wednesday.
Ahead of the verdict being delivered, Rajeshwari had told media persons that she wants Ameerul to be given the death sentence. "Give him maximum punishment. All evidence is against him. My daughter should get justice," Rajeshwari had said.
Jisha, a 30-year-old Dalit law student from Perumbavoor in Ernakulam, was raped and murdered in her home on April 28, 2016.
Shocked by the violence of the crime, people from across the state launched protests demanding justice for the young woman. That it had occurred to a Dalit woman struggling with poor conditions of life, and within her own home drove the anger further.
The police investigation into the crime took many turns, with investigative teams being changed as pressure for a breakthrough in the case grew. On June 16, 49 days after Jisha was found dead, the police arrested Ameerul Islam – a migrant worker from Assam – from Kanchipuram in neighbouring Tamil Nadu. It was a black rubber slipper found near the scene of the crime that led the police to Ameerul.
On September 17 last year, the police submitted a 1,500-page chargesheet, in which Ameerul was named as the sole accused. Ameerul was charged under several sections of the IPC as well as under the SC/ST Prevention of Atrocities Act.
The trial, which began on April 4 this year, ran for 85 days. It was mainly based on material and scientific evidence, including DNA samples recovered from the scene of the crime. While the prosecution argued that it had clinching evidence in the case, Ameerul's lawyer BA Aloor argued that the migrant worker was being framed. He pointed to a Vigilance report citing lapses in the investigation to support her claims.
BREMERTON, Wash. — The Los Angeles-class fast-attack submarine USS Jacksonville arrived at Naval Base Kitsap-Bremerton on Monday to be decommissioned.
The USS Jacksonville was commissioned on May 16, 1981, and is named for the largest and most populous city in Florida.
The USS Jacksonville completed its most recent deployment on Aug. 10, 2017. The boat and crew spent 208 days at sea, covered 48,000 nautical miles and conducted security operations and joint exercises with Japan's and India's navies.
The Jacksonville has been homeported in Hawaii since 2009. It departed Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam for Bremerton on Dec. 4 and arrived Monday.
During the inactivation process, the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard and Intermediate Maintenance Facility will de-fuel the submarine, with the hull retained in safe storage until decommissioning.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Former environment minister Glen Murray recently left government for the private sector, and Speaker Dave Levac, the Liberal representative for Brant, and Monte Kwinter, Ontario's oldest MPP, have also announced they won't seek re-election.
Matthews, who was elected in 2003, will stay as the representative for London North Centre and as advanced education minister until the election. But her announcement serves as an undeniable blow to Wynne, to whom Matthews has been a fiercely loyal deputy premier since Wynne took on her leadership role.
"She shares my vision of a fairer, more progressive, more inclusive Ontario and she knows what it will take to make that happen," Wynne wrote in a statement. "Because of that, I have relied on Deb as a touchstone time and time again. She is smart and analytical, always thinking things through by focusing on the people who will be most affected."
Matthews, who was often charged with leading the party's partisan attack efforts, has also served in cabinet as minister of health, children and youth services, and president of the treasury board. Most recently, as advanced education minister, she championed the government's plan to give free tuition to low-income students. She frequently came under fire in her time in government for failing to prevent serious problems at the Ornge air ambulance service as health minister.
Sandals, who first got into politics through her local school board and was elected to the legislature in 2003, will stay as the representative for Guelph, Ont., and in cabinet until the election, too.
Wynne said she has often relied on Sandals' instincts and candour.
"I will miss Liz's steady hand, wise counsel and friendship," Wynne wrote in her statement. "Her years of experience and strong set of values have always been a guiding light for me and our whole team."
Sandals previously served as education minister and ushered in a new sex-ed curriculum that sparked controversy among some parents due to discussions of same-sex marriage, masturbation and gender identities. She stood firm, where a previous attempt under former premier Dalton McGuinty to update the curriculum failed.
Sandals also brought in labour peace with teachers, though the effort was not without controversy.
While under fire for millions of extra dollars the government gave teachers' unions while negotiating contracts under a new bargaining framework in 2015, Sandals said she didn't ask them for any receipts or invoices before doling out the money.
"We know how long we've been at the hotel. We know what hotel rooms cost. We know what the meeting rooms cost. We know what the food costs. We know what 100 pizzas costs," she quipped.
Sandals apologized for another off-the-cuff remark earlier this year, when asked how she thought large executive raises in the broader public sector, including at Ontario Power Generation and transit agency Metrolinx, look to people sitting on a delayed GO train.
"When you really stop and think of it, most of the people sitting on the GO train probably don't have high-level nuclear qualifications or the business qualifications to run a multi-billion-dollar corporation," she said.
By Allison Jones, The Canadian Press
VOL. 41 | NO. 15 | Friday, April 14, 2017
NASHVILLE (AP) — Tennessee is joining more than a dozen other states in urging an appeals court to reinstate President Donald Trump's revised travel ban.
State Senate Majority Leader Mark Norris, a Collierville Republican considering a bid for governor next year, lauded Attorney General Herbert Slatery's office for filing a brief with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco.
The states argue the ban falls within the president's authority to block foreigners from the U.S. They also reject the argument that it targets Muslims.
Norris last year sponsored legislation to allow the General Assembly to hire its own attorneys to file a legal challenge seeking to halt the federal refugee resettlement program in Tennessee after Slatery and Gov. Bill Haslam declined to sue over the issue.
Accused of kidnapping his own wife with an AR-15, a man is in Oklahoma County Jail after a six-hour long standoff with law enforcement.
Accused of kidnapping his own wife with an AR-15, a man is in Oklahoma County Jail after a six-hour long standoff with law enforcement.
Neighbors were told to evacuate Sunday night around 11:00, and said they saw two men arguing in the street.
“And then the police came to our house and said, ‘Get out fast.' I said it will take me a min. I have a disabled daughter. He said, ‘Get out fast,'” said neighbor Scharlene Moore.
Those living next door said they think the fight involved custody issues, and that they heard children screaming inside the home.
Officers said 34-year-old Michael Allen Briggs held the riffle to his wife's head and refused to let her go. They said the two are married through common law.
Briggs was taking her muscle relaxers, according to the victim, and at some point, he fired a few rounds at the floor near her.
Investigators said they did everything they could to keep this standoff from turning deadly.
“Keep him on the phone, keep her on the phone, keep the situation calm and getting them to come out of the phone, ending the situation peacefully,” said Public Information Officer of the Oklahoma County Sheriff's Office Mark Opgrande.
“Then the police came in, and they surrounded this gray house. One was standing at the corner, some went to the back and then here come some more with their guns pulled. We knew it was serious,” Moore said.
Someone living next door said Briggs broke into his home a while back and has even tried to fight with random people he meets on the streets.
Midwest City police said last September, they were called to a Walmart for a welfare check involving Briggs. They said there were concerns involving his mental state and he voluntarily checked into a hospital.
No one was physically hurt, according to investigators.
Briggs is jailed on complaints of Domestic Violence, Kidnapping, Felony Pointing of a Firearm, Possession of a Firearm Under the Influence and Obstruction.
READ ALSO: Man Arrested On Several Complaints After Overnight Standoff Near Nicoma Park
Two people are in jail after police found more than a quarter of a pound of drugs during a search warrant.
On Friday, August 11 at approximately 6:30 a.m. the Cherokee County Narcotics Division with the assistance of the Cherokee County SWAT team and Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) K-9 Unit executed a Narcotic Search Warrant in the 100 block of Chisum in Lakewood Subdivision on Lake Palestine.
Officials seized cash, two firearms, scales and over a quarter of a pound of methamphetamine along with various items of paraphernalia from the residence.
Callatano “Joseph” Ramirez, 41 years of Bullard, and Jennifer Richardson, 33 of Bullard were arrested at the scene.
Ramirez was charged with Manufacture or Delivery of Substance in Penalty Group 1/Felony 1 and Unlawful Possession of Firearm by Felon,/Felony 3.
His bond was set at $125,000.
Richardson was charged with Possession of Substance in Penalty Group 1 /Felony 3 and Abandoning or Endangering a Child, a state jail felony.
Her bond was set at $15,000.
Both subjects were arraigned by Justice of the Peace, Precinct Four, Judge Rodney Wallace and remain in custody at this time.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Pay restoration is set to dominate the annual conference of secondary school teachers in Co. Kerry.
Up to Five hundred secondary school teachers are attending the event, which begins in Killarney this afternoon.
Other motions to be debated call for lab assistants, and the restoration of posts of responsibility in schools.
Juliette Gash has this report:
There's insufficient evidence to lay charges over the death of an Adelaide woman in Brunei 23 years ago, The Australian Federal Police says.
Anthea Bradshaw-Hall, 26, was murdered while visiting Brunei on July 21, 1994 and the AFP received a referral in relation to the killing from the South Australian police and evaluated the case.
"The AFP will not be undertaking further investigations into the murder of Anthea Lily Bradshaw-Hall. It is the view of the AFP that there is insufficient evidence to initiate criminal proceedings," a spokesperson said on Tuesday.
Originally published as No charges over Aussie death in Brunei
May 1 Centerra Gold Inc
* Centerra Gold reports 2017 first quarter net earnings of $57 million
* Q1 earnings per share $0.20
* Q1 revenue $285.3 million versus I/B/E/S view $240 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.10 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Centerra Gold Inc - on track to achieve 2017 production and cost guidance
* Qtrly total gold production of 172,644 ounces
* Centerra Gold Inc - continues to advance its discussions with Government of Kyrgyz Republic to resolve all outstanding issues affecting Kumtor project
* Expects to obtain access to Sarytor ore in second half of 2017
* 2,000 metres of diamond drilling is planned for Q2 of 2017
* Centerra Gold - entered into agreements to earn interest in joint venture exploration properties located in Portugal, Canada, Mexico, Sweden and Nicaragua Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DURING his recent Darwin visit, the future king of England was served a rather unusual canape – topped with zucchini pickle and green ants.
The peculiar catering was part of a MasterChef world first, as His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales made his cooking competition show debut on last night's team challenge episode.
The contestants were told to use only native flavourings, indigenous ingredients and local produce.
Each team had to make four types of canape – one savoury, one vegetarian, one gluten-free and one halal – with at least 450 bite-sized pieces in total.
After MasterChef judge Matt Preston revealed the presence of insects in one, Prince Charles appeared noticeably shocked.
“Green ants?!” the royal foodie responded.
Other delicacies served up in the royal reception included barramundi, wallaby tartare and quandong chutney.
GET FULL DIGITAL ACCESS TO THE NT NEWS FOR JUST 50C A DAY
MasterChef judge Gary Mehigan said Prince Charles was an advocate for environmental sustainability.
“With this in mind, the challenge for our contestants is to respect and reflect his philosophy and use native and indigenous flavours, along with other locally sourced ingredients,” he said.
“It is not only an enormous privilege and a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to cook for His Royal Highness's reception, but a challenge too.”
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - President Donald Trump's selection of a new general to command US forces in Afghanistan will not mean any change in the strategy he approved last year, US Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Steven Bucci told Sputnik on Wednesday.
On Tuesday, Trump nominated Lt. Gen. Austin Miller to replace Gen. John Nicholson to command US Forces-Afghanistan, the Defense Department said in a press release.
"He [Miller] is just a highly qualified and talented guy," Bucci said when he was asked if the appointment would mean any change in US strategy in the sixteen-and-a-half-year-long Afghan war. "This signals nothing different."
© AP Photo / Aaron Favila Trump Appoints Austin Miller to Command US Forces-Afghanistan
Miller has been nominated for promotion to full four star general rank and has served as head of US Special Operations Command for the past two years. He is a veteran of combat operations in Somalia, Bosnia, Iraq and Afghanistan.
Miller's appointment comes after the US Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) said that the United States has failed to stabilize Afghanistan despite 16 years of occupation and billions invested in stability programs.
According to the SIGAR report, the Defense Department and the US Agency for International Development have spent around $4.7 billion on stabilization initiatives since 2001, but the projects failed to improve Afghan government capacity and performance.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A number of multinational tech companies fear what could be President Donald Trump's next move on the issue of foreign guest worker visas that are allotted to corporations every year.
Under Trump's drafted executive order, the H-1B visa, which Silicon Valley tech companies use to hire foreign high-skilled workers, would be reviewed “to make H-1B allocation more efficient and ensure that beneficiaries of the program are the best and brightest rather than arbitrarily distributed by lottery.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Multinational tech giants based in India fear that the number of H-1B visas could be slashed under Trump or GOP legislation, a policy which Trump has said puts American workers first.
Tech outsourcing companies based out of India like Infosys, Cognizant, Tata Consultancy Services, and Wipro are all bracing for potential reforms in the H-1B visa, CNBC reported.
India's corporations are particularly concerned about any reforms to the H-1B visa program, as workers from that country account for nearly 70 percent of all of the H-1B visas allotted every year, according to research by the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS).
“Residents of Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, and Karnataka, as we will show, have 24 times the chance of being hired as an H-1B as the average resident of the world, excluding U.S. workers, who, of course, have zero chance of being hired in this program,” David North, an immigration expert with CIS, wrote.
Financiers in India voiced their concerns last month when they wrote about their fearfulness of H-1B visa reform under Trump.
“Immigration restrictions are the main source of India's vulnerability,” the Chief India Economist with Nomura Sonal Varma wrote to clients, according to CNBC.
Likewise, Citi's Director for India Research Surendra Goyal told clients that “Immigration reform remains an overhang to watch and likely a key theme for the IT services sector in 2017.”
Director of Governmental Affairs for NumbersUSA Rosemary Jenks told Breitbart Texas that Trump's executive order draft is feared by multinationals for the specific reason that it throws a wrench in their current model where tech departments are handed over to consulting firms who then find cheap, foreign workers to fill job positions.
“These would be hurt the worst and fastest by what the executive order is proposing. Their whole business model goes out the window,” Jenks said in an interview.
Jenks warned that even if Trump does eventually sign the drafted order on the issue, it would not be the end-all solution to ending abuse within the H-1B visa system where older workers and STEM graduates are discriminated against.
“The executive order will not address all the problems with H-1B,” Jenks said. “It would be unfortunate if the only thing we did was fix some of the problems through executive orders.”
John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
An East Texas church is going the extra mile to help those in need this Super Bowl Sunday.
As a part of "Souper Bowl of Caring," the First Presbyterian Church in Tyler has been collecting canned goods since the beginning of January.
A competition among Sunday School Classes has led to the collection of over 7,000 cans.
“This is a very tangible way for them to help and to see what their hard work promoting and pushing this can do,” says Neil McKown, the youth minister at First Presbyterian. “Just by putting their minds to it, by asking by talking to people and by sharing that there are real issues in our community.”
The cans will be picked up by PATH, People Attempting To Help, on Sunday.
First Presbyterian has collected enough cans to stock the food pantry for one week and feed 440 families.
For more information about the Souper Bowl of Caring or to make a donation head to their website.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Stained Glass Bluegrass Concerts Feb. 23-25 at Gulf Shores Methodist
A much-anticipated treat awaits area lovers of bluegrass gospel music. The 11th annual Stained Glass Bluegrass concerts will be held in the sanctuary of Gulf Shores United Methodist Church Thursday through Saturday, February 23 – 25 at 7pm with an additional matinee performance Saturday February 25 at 2:30pm. Tickets at $15 per person are now available M-F from 9am to noon at Thee Coffee Shop in the GSUMC South Campus in the Winn Dixie plaza.
Other performing groups include BamaBlu Grace from Cullman, The Chestang Family from McIntosh and Valley Road Band from Alexandria.
The Sandspur Band (pictured) calls GSUMC its home. A nurturing ministry of GSUMC, the group takes its great sounds and wide variety of bluegrass music into homes for shut-ins, nursing and assisted living facilities and churches and other venues throughout Alabama.
All concert proceeds support the music program of Gulf Shores United Methodist Church. For more concert information, feel free to contact the church office at 251-968-2411 or visit gulfshoresumc.org.
March 31 Bank Ochrony Srodowiska SA (BOS) :
* Polish state-run bank BOS reports FY 2016 net loss of 60.1 million zlotys ($15.24 million) versus loss of 51.1 million zlotys a year ago
* FY 2016 net interest income 309.2 million zlotys versus 261.4 million zlotys a year ago
* FY 2016 net fee and commission income 109.2 million zlotys versus 112.7 million zlotys a year ago
* Without including write-downs for wind farm loans, bank could post FY 2016 net profit of over 31 million zlotys net as operating results improved - CEO said in the letter to shareholders
* Earlier on in March, BOS booked $25 million write-down for wind farm loans Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9441 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
RICHMOND, Va – Chef Tom Schumaker from Commonwealth Senior Living was back in the Virginia This Morning kitchen with a healthy and flavorful dish featuring pan seared trout with fresh asparagus.
Pan Seared Trout with Asparagus
332 CALORIES
TWO (2) SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS
* TROUT FILETS (4 – 6 ounces thinly sliced)
* 6 OUNCES ASAPRAGUS (pencil thin)
* 1 OUNCE OLIVE OIL
* 1 SMALL CLOVE GARLIC
* 3 TABLESPOONS HONEY
* ½ FRESH LEMON (medium size)
* 4 OUNCES FAVORITE WHITE WINE
DIRECTIONS
* In a medium sauté pan, heat olive oil and add one clove garlic finely minced
* Add trout and sauté for approx. three to four minutes on each side
* Place asparagus into pan for approx. 3 minutes
* Add honey
* Then add juice from ½ fresh lemon
* Deglaze with your favorite white wine
* SERVE IMMEDIATELY: Salt & Pepper to taste
A A
Mackenzie Ellertson and Hannah Moats combined to score all but two of their team's points as the Knights stayed alive in the 1A District 4 tournament.
Moats had a three-point play to put King's Way ahead 44-41 with 2:50 left in overtime. Then Ellertson made four free throws down the stretch to secure victory in the loser-out game at Montesano.
Ellertson finished with 27 points while fellow sophomore Moats scored a career-high 20.
After trailing most of the game, King's Way took its first lead with 2:05 remaining on Bethany Hutchin's only basket.
Tenino sent the game to overtime with a 3-pointer with two seconds left in regulation.
After its first district tournament win as a 1A school, King's Way advances to another loser-out game Thursday. The Knights will face Hoquiam or Montesano at Centralia High. The winner of that game will play a winner-to-state, loser-out game Saturday.
KING'S WAY CHRISTIAN 49, TENINO 45, OT
KING'S WAY CHRISTIAN — Gracie Brown 0, Bethany Hutchin 2, Hannah Moats 20, Madison Bertrand 0, Amber Kolb 0, Gigi Conway 0, Hannah Nichols 0, MacKenzie Ellertson 27, Zoe Feldman 0, Kaisha Stokes 0. Totals NA.
TENINO — Kershaw 2, Bailon 3, Duncan 10, Letts 11, Wachter 4, Homann 13. Totals NA.
King's Way 7 10 9 15 8–49
Tenino 12 8 8 13 4–45
It looks like Lizzie Rovsek's estranged husband Christian is taking some interesting measures to show her how much he still cares about her.
On Friday night, a photo was posted on Rovsek's Instagram account of her and Christian holding hands and gazing into each other's eyes — and Christian wasn't shy about taking responsibility for posting it.
“I stole her phone…..she's all I've ever wanted since I was 22. She's all I've ever needed. She's going to be so mad I posted this. #iloveher,” he wrote.
Rovsek's rep did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment.
RELATED VIDEO: RHOC‘s Shannon Beador and David Beador Have Separated After 17 Years of Marriage
Although Rovsek has yet to officially comment on the photo, in the post's comments section she appeared to reveal that she thought Christian's message was “Sweet.”
“…this is SWEET! And wow so many kind comments…. TY,” Rosvek apparently commented.
Replying to another fan, the former Real Housewives of Orange County star attempted to shed some light on how Christian had posted the photo. “I think he took my iPad and I'm sure he's just playing a joke on me,” she wrote.
Lizzie Rovsek/Instagram
Lizzie Rovsek/Instagram
According to court records obtained by PEOPLE, Rovsek, 37, filed a petition for dissolution of marriage back in October.
The couple, who appeared on season 9 of the Bravo reality show, share two sons, Kingston, 5, and Preston, 7.
'The Committee on Justice of the House of Representatives will not accept any documents other than certified or original, appended to impeachment complaints,' VACC tells the NBI in the letter
Published 3:55 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (VACC) sent a letter on Monday, August 14, to the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) asking for certified copies of documents related to the alleged unexplained wealth of Commission on Elections (Comelec) Chairman Andy Bautista.
The VACC will use these documents in the case buildup for the impeachment of Bautista.
The anti-crime group wants to avoid repeating a mistake it committed in their impeachment case versus Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno when they filed an unverified, unendorsed complaint before the House of Representatives.
"Our said client is resorting to this request owing to the fact that the Committee on Justice of the House of Representatives will not accept any documents other than certified or original, appended to impeachment complaints," VACC's legal counsel Manny Luna said in his letter to the NBI. (READ: LIST: Bank accounts, properties Comelec chief must explain)
The VACC is asking for copies of the affidavit of Bautista's estranged wife Patricia "Tish" Bautista, passbooks of the Comelec Chair's alleged 35 Luzon Development Bank (LDB) accounts, and an RCBC peso account. (READ: Comelec chair cries, says wife's exposé unfair to kids)
The VACC said it will also request copies of Bautista's Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Net Worth (SALN) from the Office of the Ombudsman.
Last week Patricia made a sensational exposé of documents which alleged that her husband has amassed nearly P1-billion worth of bank assets, much more than the declared P173 million in his 2016 SALN.
Patricia also said she had documents which showed "almost daily" bank deposits to Bautista's account in 2016, which was an election year. Patricia said the deposits never exceeded P500,000, which she said was done probably to avoid scrutiny of the Anti-Money Laundering Council (AMLC).
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II has authorized the NBI to investigate Patricia's claims against her husband, and said he is expecting the AMLC to cooperate by virtue of a memorandum of agreement between the two agencies. – Rappler.com
Chennai: Natarajan Maruthappa, businessman and husband of J Jayalalithaa's aide Sasikala Natarajan, died at a private hospital in Chennai on the wee hours of Tuesday.
Born in Vilar village, Thanjavur, Natarajan was a student leader, close to the DMK.
He married Sasikala in 1973, when he was working in the state's Directorate of Information and Public Relations.
During 1976-80, after Natarajan lost his job, Sasikala opened a video rental shop, which soon turned into a videography business.
She got the chance to film Jayalalithaa's events, and a bond developed.
Soon, the video rental business became videography, after Sasikala went to Singapore to purchase video recorders to film marriages and other functions. It was then that Sasikala turned to her husband's boss, Chandralekha, to help boost her fledgling business.
Chandralekha's introduction was enough to seal the start of a lifelong friendship. After Sasikala and her team filmed several of Jayalalithaa's functions, “some good association developed,” Natarajan told NDTV.
The association developed into trust as Natarajan and his wife stood by Jayalalithaa through one of her darkest hours as a politician, following the death, in 1987, of her mentor and then Chief Minister MG Ramachandran.
But in 1989, rumors surfaced that she was 'heavily manipulated' by Natarajan.
She denied the claims. However, seven years later, he was thrown out for trying to dominate her.
Natarajan claimed it was he who had left contact, and that he still had influence.
But the relationship never recovered.
Even when he was not in Jayalalithaa's good books, bureaucrats and AIADMK leaders used to turn to him during times of trouble. It was widely believed that he still had control over AIADMK's ticket distribution during elections.
Natarajan was reportedly friends with BSP leaders Kanshi Ram and Mayawati, who used to stay with him during their visits to Chennai.
He also remained a strong supporter of the Sri Lankan Tamil cause. After the defeat of the LTTE in Mullivaaikal, he made arrangements to construct a memorial in Thanjavur.
Jayalalithaa offered Sasikala a chance to remain on her side, provided she ends ties with her family, including her nephew and husband.
Though his wife Sasikala continued to remain with Jayalalithaa, Natarajan was never welcomed back.
In 2012, the couple received a jolt when Sasikala was thrown out of Jayalalithaa's house. This after reports of Sasikala's family planning a coup reportedly reached Jayalalithaa. However, Sasikala managed to come back to Jayalalithaa, but Natarajan still remained outside.
Sasikala complied. She was rarely seen in public with Natarajan.
She also expelled Sasikala and eleven other from her residence in 2011. But Sasikala re-entered Poes Garden after submitting an apology and distancing herself from Natarajan.
Last year, after she was made AIADMK general-secretary, Sasikala dropped his name and added 'VK' as prefix to revert to her maiden name.
She's currently in prison in a disproportionate assets case.
Recently, the Madras high court confirmed a two-year jail term and issued a non- bailable warrant against Natarajan for evasion of customs duty while importing a luxury car from the United Kingdom in 1993.
Sasikala was sent to the Bengaluru jail in February last year, after the Supreme Court upheld her conviction by a lower court in the disproportionate assets case.
Last year he underwent a kidney transplant.
Natarajan had been admitted to the Gleneagles Global Hospital in Chennai after his condition deteriorated a few days ago and he had been placed on ventilator.
He had been on a transplant waitlist since April 2017 and underwent a combined liver and kidney transplant surgery in October 2017. Sasikala, lodged in Bengaluru Central prison after she was found guilty in a disproportionate assets case was allowed to visit her ailing husband on parole.
WESTERN Bulldogs premiership player Clay Smith has taken his wife's last name on Instagram, and is set to make the change on the football field as well.
Smith, 24, married his partner Sarah O'donohue in October. Both have since changed their names on social media to ‘O'donoghue Smith'.
Speaking to the Bulldogs website, Smith said it would only be a matter of time until they changed the name legally.
“It's not official yet, but it will be,” he said.
“It's more something I've taken on for Sarah's side of the family. There were two girls and no more O'donohue's. It meant a lot to her and her family.
“I don't know if I'll change it for footy but legally we'll both have hyphenated names and so will the kids.”
Russian President Vladimir Putin paid a surprise visit to Syria on Monday, where he announced that his nation would begin to withdraw “a significant part” of their military forces deployed in the Middle Eastern nation as its long civil war draws to a close.
Putin's announcement was discussed on Radio Sputnik's Loud & Clear by hosts Brian Becker and John Kiriakou and guests Mark Sleboda and Rick Sterling. Sleboda is a Russia-based international relations and security analyst and frequent critic of US policy, while Sterling is a journalist and member of the Syria Solidarity Movement, an organization that supports the Syrian government.
​"It was a surprise," said Sleboda. "Putin was obviously headed on the way to Cairo, and then on the way back to Turkey, but the side trip to Syria and particularly to the Russian airbase in Syria certainly was a surprise. As for this announcement, this ‘mission accomplished' moment… we've heard several previous such ‘Russia is withdrawing their military forces from Syria' claims before."
"I think there were certainly enough caveats and qualifications to Putin's statement that, while recognizing the significant victories that have been achieved, we should take this announcement with a grain of salt. Russia is not leaving Syria, they are not leaving their military bases. There remain significant military hurdles: significant terrorist concentrations, the entirety of Idlib governance is under the control of al Qaeda. I think this was probably primarily an announcement for domestic political consumption, as Putin announces his intent to run again for another six-year term in 2018."
"It's also a reminder to the Americans that at least the majority of the fighting in east Syria against [Daesh] is done," Sleboda added. "They no longer at least hold any urban areas, at least there the military mission is accomplished. The US no longer has any excuse, not that they ever had any legal remit for their operations in east Syria. But Putin was letting them know that it's time for them to pack their bags and go home."
Becker pointed out a CNN headline from early 2016 that was quite similar to the recent one — but Russia did not pull forces out as CNN claimed; they actually intensified their military involvement.
Sterling elaborated on Moscow's movements: "It's an indication of an intent. They don't plan on maintaining a large military force there indefinitely, but they can come back if needed. The fact is that Russia is not very far from Syria, only about 600 miles from Sochi, their air base. It's not very hard for the Russian Air Force to move at least some of their airplanes and pilots and so forth up into southern Russia, and if needed they can still be called into duty in Syria."
Kiriakou asked the guests if they believed it possible that Russia could end up in an quagmire in Syria, similar to what has happened to the US in Iraq and Afghanistan. Sleboda replied that Russia was likely to remain in the Middle East for years to come, but of their own volition.
"Russia is back in a big way in the Middle East. Suddenly everyone in the Middle East [is working with Moscow]: Iraq, which the government there, although showing a lot of the signs of independence, was installed as a result of the US invasion and regime change there. Saudi Arabia has come to the table with Russia to sign oil deals and potential military deals after losing this oil price war."
"Qatar, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, they're all now looking to Russia because Russia has showed the willpower, resolve, and capability to back up military force with hard diplomacy and achieve results in the Middle East — something that the US and all of their regime change and intervention has not shown anything with anywhere near so positive a result."
"So Russia is back in the Middle East. They're not leaving Syria, they have no intentions of leaving Syria."
There was no winner of tonight's Lotto jackpot.
It was worth just over four and a half million euro and was the 3000th draw since it began 30 years ago.
The numbers drawn were 07, 16, 21, 27, 30 and 31.
The bonus number was 26.
[India], Feb. 3 (ANI): The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Saturday released a list of 20 candidates for the ensuing General Election to the 13th Nagaland Legislative Assembly.
The list of 20 BJP candidates with their constituencies includes Tovihoto Ayemi from Dimapur 1, N Jacob Zhimomi from Ghaspani 1, Sukhato A Sema from Pughoboto constituency among others.
The BJP has selected a woman candidate Rakhila to contest from Tuensang Sadar II Assembly constituency. Rakhila contested 2013 Assembly election on BJP ticket from the same constituency.
Polling in Tripura will take place on February 18 and Meghalaya and Nagaland on February 27. The results for all the three northeastern states will be declared on March 3. The terms of Meghalaya, Nagaland and Tripura assemblies will end on March 6, March 13 and March 14 respectively. All the three states have 60 seats each. (ANI)
AI accuses European governments of 'actively supporting a sophisticated system of abuse and exploitation of refugees and migrants' to prevent them from crossing the Mediterranean
Published 7:15 AM, December 12, 2017
TRIPOLI, Libya – Amnesty International on Tuesday, December 12, accused European governments of "complicity" in the detention under horrific conditions of migrants in Libya, especially through their assistance to the Libyan coastguard implicated in people trafficking.
"European governments are knowingly complicit in the torture and abuse of tens of thousands of refugees and migrants detained by Libyan immigration authorities in appalling conditions in Libya," the rights group said in a report.
It accused European governments of "actively supporting a sophisticated system of abuse and exploitation of refugees and migrants by the Libyan coastguard, detention authorities and smugglers in order to prevent people from crossing the Mediterranean".
"Hundreds of thousands of refugees and migrants trapped in Libya are at the mercy of Libyan authorities, militias, armed groups and smugglers often working seamlessly together for financial gain," said John Dalhuisen, Amnesty's Europe director.
"European governments have not just been fully aware of these abuses; by actively supporting the Libyan authorities in stopping sea crossings and containing people in Libya, they are complicit in these abuses."
Dalhuisen urged European governments to "rethink their cooperation with Libya on migration and enable people to get to Europe through legal pathways, including by resettling tens of thousands of refugees".
"They must insist that the Libyan authorities end the policy and practice of arbitrary arrests and detention of refugees and migrants, immediately release all foreign nationals held in the detention centers," he said.
He charged that "by supporting Libyan authorities in trapping people in Libya... European governments have shown where their true priorities lie: namely the closure of the central Mediterranean route, with scant regard to the suffering caused".
Officials in the Libyan coastguard, trained and equipped by European governments, notably Italy, to curb the flow of migrants "are known to operate in collusion with smuggling networks and have used threats and violence against refugees and migrants", according to Amnesty which cited testimony from dozens of migrants.
Those interviewed had "described the soul-destroying cycle of exploitation to which collusion between guards, smugglers and the Libyan coastguard consigns them", it said.
Migrants whose boats have been intercepted are sent to detention centers "where they endure horrific treatment. Up to 20,000 people currently remain contained in these overcrowded, unsanitary detention centers," it said.
The Amnesty report also accused the Libyan coastguard of endangering migrants' lives and of intimidating NGOs operating in the Mediterranean on rescue missions.
It singled out a November 6 incident involving the coastguard and a German relief group, Sea-Watch, in which at least five migrants died.
The UN-backed government in Tripoli said on Saturday that Italy and Libya are to set up a joint commission in an attempt to fight back against people traffickers and tackle illegal migration.
Human-trafficking networks have flourished in the chaos that followed a NATO-backed uprising which toppled long-time Libyan dictator Moammar Gaddafi in 2011. – Rappler.com
In late May, President Donald Trump warned that if the European Union does not remove tariffs and trade barriers against the United States soon, his administration will place a 20 percent tariff on all cars coming from the EU.
The Financial Times (FT) cited several diplomatic sources as saying that the EU is considering talks with the world's largest car exporters, including those in the US, South Korea and Japan, in order to reach a tariff-cutting deal.
The goal is to keep Washington from slapping punitive duties on the motor sector and prevent a full-blown trade war with the US, the diplomats said.
If clinched, the deal would stipulate signatories cutting tariffs to agreed-to levels "without including the entire membership of the World Trade Organization," an international trade concept known as a "plurilateral agreement," according to The FT.
READ MORE: Harley-Davidson Move Shows US Facing 'Consequences' of Tariffs – EU
The topic is expected to be discussed during the upcoming meeting between European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and US President Donald Trump in Washington.
Commenting on the agenda, one of the sources warned against striking a sectoral deal on cars during the meeting, given that Trump has yet to scrap restrictive US trade measures against the EU.
Earlier this week, the US Chamber of Commerce warned in a study that "new tariffs on steel, aluminum and Chinese imports, as well as the potential for additional tariffs on autos and auto parts, have pushed us to the brink of a global trade war."
READ MORE: Blue Jeans, Bikes & Whiskey: EU Tariffs on 'Iconic' US Goods Come Into Effect
The German car manufacturer BMW, in turn, told Trump's Trade Minister Wilbur Ross that additional taxes on cars would have far-reaching consequences on investments and jobs in the US.
BMW recalled that the US's openness to trade encouraged it to open a 10,000-job factory in South Carolina, and that the facility adds $6.3 billion to the US economy annualy.
The statement came after Trump's administration threatened to introduce a 20-percent tariff on European automobile imports, in a move that prompted Germany's leading automakers to propose scrapping the EU's 10-percent tax and 2.5-percent tariff on car imports from the US.
Trade disagreements between the US and the EU have intensified since Washington imposed a 25 percent tariff on imported steel and a 10 percent tariff on aluminum imports. Brussels retaliated by introducing duties on American goods like jeans, bourbon, and motorbikes.
As some Republican leaders offered tempered statements on the newly released House Intelligence Committee memo on Friday, Rep. Paul Gosar (R-AZ) took the document and ran straight to the absolute extreme.
Gosar wrote in a statement that the memo “is not just evidence of incompetence but clear and convincing evidence of treason.”
“The FBI knowingly took false information from the Democratic National Committee and the Hillary Clinton campaign and then used it to smear Donald Trump in order to hurt his campaign,” he wrote.
The memo did not accuse government officials of using “false information,” but alleged that officials used a dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele as one of its sources to apply for a warrant to surveil Trump campaign aide Carter Page. The dossier has not been fully verified, but it's not clear from the memo how much of the dossier's claims the FBI independently verified and how many other sources the FBI used. Steele's work was funded by Democrats, via the firm Fusion GPS, but the dossier did not come directly from Democrats.
Gosar went on in his statement to specifically accuse former FBI Director James Comey, former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe and current Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein of “treason.” He called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to “seek criminal prosecution” against those four individuals.
Other Republicans in Congress offered far less fiery statements in response to the memo. Both House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC) cautioned that the memo should not be used to impugn or discredit the FBI or special counsel Robert Mueller's probe. Even House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-CA), who orchestrated the memo's release, did not go so far as to accuse anyone of treason in his statement Friday.
Three US Air Force airmen from Cannon Air Force Base in eastern New Mexico have been arrested on rape charges.
The airmen arrested are 24-year-old Senior Airman Thomas Newton, 19-year-old Airman 1st Class Isaiah Edley and 18-year-old Airman 1st Class Rahman Buchanan.
According to Eastern New Mexico News, the incident occurred at a house party in the city of Clovis, located some six miles east of the military base, and involved a victim who is also assigned to the base.
"Each man is accused of second-er new mexicodegree criminal sexual penetration," Military.com reports.
The victim reportedly told investigators she had known Newton for about a week before the attack. According to New Mexico Patch, she showed investigators videos from Newton's Snapchat account to identify her attackers.
3 Cannon Air Force Base Airmen Arrested, Accused of Rape https://t.co/0Y0nG26rmQ pic.twitter.com/7TKsZK2wQo — Secure Aspects Group (@SecureAspects) 2 февраля 2018 г.
​The victim also told the Clovis Police Department that the three men assaulted her one at a time while the other two held her arms.
According to Cannon AFB spokesman John Rebello, base officials will assist "local law enforcement to ensure a thorough and complete investigation."
Chief Deputy District Attorney Brian Stover said the three men each face up to nine years in custody, lifetime parole, $10,000 in fines and a lifetime sex offender registration, according to ABC 7.
The alleged attackers have been jailed without bond and are due in court next week. None of the three have been assigned an attorney so far.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
You don't hear much about smokeless tobacco anymore and you don't see it much either. That doesn't mean people aren't using it.
According to the Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids , more than 1,000 kids between the ages of 12 and 17 try smokeless tobacco for the first time every day. To read more about the smokeless tobacco findings, visit National Youth Tobacco Survey, 2016
Furthermore, the group says the rates of smokeless tobacco use are going up, despite the fact that cigarette smoking rates among teens have gone down in the last 20 years.
To combat the problem, and at the request of the Seattle Mariner's organization, King County Council passed a smokeless tobacco ban that went into effect on May 15th at all county sporting venues, including Safeco Field, Centurylink Field and KeyArena.
Although there are no plans to ticket anyone caught using smokeless tobacco, Dr. Jon Ebbert with the Mayo Clinic is applauding the move calling it critically important.
He says, "The risk associated (with smokeless tobacco) are oral cancer, bladder cancer, stroke and heart attack."
In addition to the health risks, critics says some tobacco companies are marketing to kids through packaging and kid-friendly flavors of smokeless tobacco.
The age to legally purchase smokeless tobacco is 18-years-old, the same as cigarettes. However, many states are looking to raise that age to 21.
SAN DIEGO (KUSI) — The San Diego Housing Commission fell short of reaching a goal set by Mayor Kevin Faulconer of providing 1,000 homeless veterans with housing, but are still working to bring the number served up.
More than 850 homeless Veterans living in San Diego have been supported by the "Housing Our Heroes" program since its inception in March 2016. Of those, about 600 veterans are currently renting apartments and 256 others were in search of apartments with rental assistance provided through the program, according to SDHC.
The number served falls short of a goal set by Mayor Kevin Faulconer to house 1,000 homeless veterans living in San Diego, but the commission notes that it is significant that 854 veterans who would not have a place to live without the program, now have housing. The SDHC continues to work towards the 1,000 goals.
More than 320 landlords have joined the “Housing Our Heroes” program, but more are always needed, the SDHC said. To find out how landlords can become involved with the program, email HousingOurHeroes.sdhc.org or call (619) 578-7768.
More information can be found here.
Transit across northern B.C. was key issue raised repeatedly during last fall's hearings in Smithers
The British Columbia government has released a snapshot of the results of its transportation upgrades along Highway 16, the route also known as the Highway of Tears.
The update comes on the first anniversary of expanded transit service connecting communities along highway where RCMP say 18 women have disappeared or have been murdered.
A news release from the Ministry of Transportation says approximately 5,000 people have used the expanded transit service over the last year.
That service connects Prince George to Burns Lake, Smithers, the Hazelton area and Terrace, a distance of nearly 600 kilometres.
The ministry says more than 9,000 passengers have also used the new community-vehicle program since the summer.
That includes 7,000 passengers, or 43 people every day who rely on the 18-kilometre shuttle service between Vanderhoof and the Saik'uz community.
“People in northern B.C., in particular, women and teenaged girls, are benefiting from these new transportation services, knowing there is a safe link to get between communities,” Transportation Minister Claire Trevena says in the release.
Reg Mueller, Deputy Tribal Chief with the Carrier Sekani Tribal Council, says the community-vehicle program provides valuable access to employment and education opportunities.
Vanderhoof Mayor Gerry Thiessen says it has “changed our communities for the better.”
Transit across northern B.C. was a key issue raised repeatedly during last fall's hearings in Smithers by the national inquiry into missing and murdered Indigenous women.
Gladys Radek, whose 22-year-old niece Tamara Lynn Chipman disappeared while hitchhiking in Prince Rupert in 2005, told the inquiry she knows people who have to hitchhike just to go to work and called for a free shuttle bus service.
The subsidized Highway 16 transit service has prompted Greyhound Canada to ask for provincial regulatory approval to cancel its route from Prince George to Prince Rupert.
When the application was submitted last summer, Greyhound said the subsidized routes had “literally put us out of business” along the corridor.
The Passenger Transportation Board is due to rule soon on Greyhound's application.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Beatrice Fihn, left, Executive Director of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), Daniel Hogsta, center, coordinator nd Grethe Ostern, right, member of the steering committee, celebrate with champagne at the headquarters of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), in Geneva, Switzerland, on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) is the winner of this year's Nobel Peace Prize. (Martial Trezzini/Keystone via AP)
OSLO, Norway | The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs.
The award of the $1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and President Donald Trump's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.
The prize committee wanted “to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations,” Oeivind Stenersen, a historian of the peace prize, told The Associated Press. “The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal. I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state.”
The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons adopted by the United Nations in July, but which needs ratification from 50 countries. Only three countries have ratified it so far. It organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of the World War II U.S. atomic bombings of the Japanese cities Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Last month in Berlin, ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries. Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading “Time to Go: Ban Nuclear Weapons.”
The group “has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to cooperate … in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons,” Norwegian Nobel Committee chairwoman Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement.
The prize “sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behavior. We will not support it, we will not make excuses for it, we can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security,” ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters in Geneva.
She said that she “worried that it was a prank” after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made. Fihn said she didn't believe it until she heard the name of the group proclaimed on television.
ICAN leaders later popped open some bubbly to celebrate the prize, and held up a banner with the name of the organization in their small Geneva headquarters.
“We are trying to send very strong signals to all states with nuclear arms, nuclear-armed states — North Korea, U.S., Russia, China, France, U.K., Israel, all of them, India, Pakistan — it is unacceptable to threaten to kill civilians,” she said.
Reiss-Andersen noted that similar prohibitions have been reached on chemical and biological weapons, land mines and cluster munitions.
“Nuclear weapons are even more destructive, but have not yet been made the object of a similar international legal prohibition,” she said.
Reiss-Andersen said “through its inspiring and innovative support for the U.N. negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons, ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress.”
Asked by journalists whether the prize was essentially symbolic, given that no international measures against nuclear weapons have been reached, Reiss-Andersen said “What will not have an impact is being passive.”
___
Jamey Keaten in Geneva, George Jahn in Vienna and Jim Heintz in Stockholm contributed to this story.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Sunday alone, 81 people died and 778 were injured in 755 road traffic accidents, while the total number of people killed in road accidents from the beginning of the New Year celebrations is over 10 percent higher than last year, the statement said.
【Richard Barrow in Thailand】 Full Road Accident Statistics for New Year 2016-2017 in Thailand https://t.co/AZvIjevvAG #タイブログ — タイのニュース＆タイのブログ (@Thai_News_JP) December 30, 2016
​The period of New Year holidays from December 29 to January 4 is considered to be one of the most dangerous weeks of the year in Thailand, since millions of people leave the country's capital and drive to the provinces. Among the main causes of the accidents are drunk driving and speeding.
Koh Chang welcomes Thai visitors for New Year. First accident last night. pic.twitter.com/ktQ8sUSGVW — Ian (@iamKohChang) December 30, 2016
​Earlier in the day, media reported that at least 25 people were killed in a car crash in the eastern province of Chonburi. A van moving from Bangkok to Chonburi collided with a truck with the crash resulting in a fire.
Footage shows officer standing up, turning off his siren and talking clearly to the suspect
A police officer stands over a covered body in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Nathan Denette
Experts say the powerful video of Alek Minassian's arrest reveals a textbook case of an officer defusing danger through a series of life-and-death choices based on training and a calm mind.
The footage shows an officer who police sources identified as Const. Ken Lam standing up, turning off his siren and talking clearly to the suspect, even as the dead and injured lay along Yonge Street after being struck down by a white rental van.
“This is exactly the type of de-escalation … and response to these types of confrontations that we hope to see,” said Ontario ombudsman Paul Dube.
Lam calmly holstered his service weapon, held up his baton and handcuffed Minassian as he lay on the sidewalk.
“He gave himself the space and time. He assessed the threat and realized he had options other than firing his weapon.”
Dube published a June 2016 report calling for increased police training on defusing dangerous situations after several high-profile deaths of people with mental illnesses who confronted officers.
He said the constable's actions are a sign that police are gaining from training that includes simulations of tense standoffs with people who are emotionally unstable.
Sammy Yatim's death in July 2013 in Toronto — where the mentally ill man was shot multiple times as officers surrounded an empty streetcar he was on — helped prompt reforms.
RELATED: Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
In recent years at least one day has been added to Toronto police in-service training on de-escalation and “dealing with people in crisis,” said Mike McCormack, president of the police union in Toronto.
The program is part of a mandatory three-day training for all officers that incorporates crisis communication, de-escalation and containment measures.
“A major component of this training includes a variety of scenarios that are designed to evaluate officer's skills in effectively communicating with people in crisis and those who are suffering from a possible mental disorder,” said an email from the union.
Meanwhile, recruits at the Ontario Police College are now receiving more training, as are a number of police forces around the province, though it's yet to be a provincewide standard, said Dube.
Christian Leuprecht, a professor at Royal Military College in Kingston, Ont., who studies policing and security issues, said Lam's actions were “textbook” examples of the latest approaches.
The result is a suspect who is now in custody and who may be able to shed light on why the devastating incident occurred, he said.
RELATED: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' in wake of attack
“That particular situation yesterday, the way in which it went down was nothing short of remarkable,” Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders told a news conference Tuesday.
Saunders said he spoke to Lam, and the officer is doing well and thankful for the public's support. Lam told him ”he defaulted to his training,” the chief said.
Police say Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is the lone suspect in the attack. He was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Leuprecht noted how Lam only stood up after carefully observing the suspect and determining he didn't have a gun.
Lam spoke loudly and calmly, even as the suspect encouraged the officer to shoot him. When he claimed to have a gun in his pocket, Lam replied, “I don't care,” and repeatedly instructed him to “Get down.”
Leuprecht said Lam seemed to go further than some others might have when he decided to approach and arrest the suspect, rather than wait for backup.
“There's an impressive moment when he takes his firearm, puts it in his holster, he goes over with his baton, and he handcuffs the individual,” he said.
“I think that goes above and beyond the call of duty. He could have had a knife. He could have had a suicide belt.”
However, the university professor, who is currently teaching in Australia, says if the constable had waited for backup, the situation might have escalated and had a different outcome.
“The opportunity to ensure the individual could no longer pose a chance of harm to himself or to others is what that officer jumped at,” said Leuprecht.
McCormack said while additional training is a factor, he knows Lam well enough to say his personality factored in.
He described him as an intelligent, relatively young officer who is highly skilled and trained.
McCormack says the constable — who is in his 30s — positioned himself well so that he could see precisely what was unfolding before him.
“By his actions he did not perceive the threat to escalate and that is why he did not use his firearm,” he said.
The Canadian Press
A young couple killed in the Manchester bombing continue to be the "image of love", the vicar taking their joint funeral service has said.
Mourners for Liam Curry, 19, and Chloe Rutherford, 17, were asked to wear pink or blue for the service at St Hilda's Church in their home town of South Shields, South Tyneside.
The coffins of Chloe Rutherford (right) and Liam Curry, who were killed in the Manchester Arena bombing, arriving at St Hilda's Church in South Shields, South Tyneside, for their funeral service
The teenagers were among the 22 people killed in the terror attack on the Ariana Grande concert last month.
Miss Rutherford was studying music at college and was about to start an apprenticeship in travel while her boyfriend was studying for a degree in sport and exercise science at Northumbria University.
The Rev Fr Chris Fuller addressed the mourners who packed the church and several hundred outside, telling them: "Chloe and Liam were and still are an image of love.
"Inseparable in life, inseparable in death, inseparable now with the angels of heaven."
Two white coffins bedecked with flowers were carried in to the church together.
Flowers in the two hearses spelled out the words "Sis" and "Son Liam".
The funeral of Georgina Callander, 18, from Tarleton will take place today.
SHANGHAI (AP) — The Chinese government has granted preliminary approval for nine Donald Trump trademarks it had previously rejected, in whole or in part, The Associated Press found, a turn that is likely to fuel further allegations that Beijing may be giving the president's family business special treatment.
Trump's decision to retain ownership of his global branding empire has sparked criticism over perceived conflicts of interest and three lawsuits, including one filed Wednesday by nearly 200 Democrats in Congress, which allege violations of a constitutional prohibition against accepting gifts from foreign governments. Trademarks lie at the heart of these complaints because they are granted by foreign states and can be enormously valuable — whether they are intended as groundwork for future business activity or defensive measures to protect a brand from squatters.
Publicly available records do not indicate why the nine applications were initially rejected, or why the trademarks were then granted provisional approval eight to 15 weeks later.
“The speed with which these appeals were decided is mind-blowing,” said Matthew Dresden, an intellectual property attorney at Harris Bricken in Seattle. “I have never seen any decisions made that quickly. That suggests special treatment. But that's just procedural. Substantively, it's impossible to say whether any of this is unusual.”
China's Trademark Office did not respond to requests for comment Wednesday.
The new provisional approvals further shore up the president's brand in China, conferring potential rights to the use of Chinese versions of his name for beauty salon services, socks, human resources consulting and advertising, among other things, and the Trump brand, in English, for jewelry and watch repair. If there are no objections, the marks will be formally registered after 90 days.
China has also granted formal approval for dozens of Trump trademarks in the last few weeks, bring to 39 the total number of official registrations China has given the Trump family business since President Trump took office, according to records from China's Trademark Office. Those marks include branded spa and massage services, golf clubs, hotels, insurance, finance and real estate companies, restaurants, bars, and a trademark class that covers bodyguards, social escorts, and concierge services, according to Chinese records.
You Yunting, a partner at DeBund Law Offices in Shanghai, said it's not unusual for trademark rejections to be overturned on appeal. China's Trademark Office database contained no indication Trump's lawyers had appealed the trademark rejections, but said it can take months for such actions to be publicly noted. If the initial denial was only partial, some elements of the applications can move forward without an appeal, in which case reversals can be swift.
“Considering the political element, the authorities are definitely not going to admit special treatment, but the possibility cannot be excluded,” You said. “Even if the Trademark Office helped Trump, it would be very difficult to find the wrongdoing on the surface.”
China has defended its handling of trademarks belonging to the president and his daughter, Ivanka Trump, who has also been expanding her collection of Chinese trademarks, as fair and in line with Chinese law.
Ivanka Trump's brand has won provisional approval for at least seven new trademarks since she took on an official role at the White House.
The Trump Organization now has at least 125 trademarks in China formally or provisionally approved, according to Chinese public records. Just four were invalidated, back in 2013. Three more have been rejected, with appeals pending, and one application is dead, according to China's Trademark Office database.
Three applications were subsequently split so the number of individual trademark decisions is slightly higher than the number of applications in Chinese records.
Trump Organization lawyer Alan Garten said the company has made aggressive efforts to defend its brand in China, “a haven for trademark infringement,” and has made no effort to use Donald Trump's political career to influence Chinese trademark officials.
“The Company has not authorized anyone to discuss and is not aware of anyone having discussed Donald J. Trump's status as either a presidential candidate, President-elect or President of the United States with any representative of the Chinese government in charge of or with the authority to grant trademarks,” Garten wrote in a June 9 letter to eight Democratic senators who have raised conflict-of-interest questions about the president's ongoing China trademarking activity.
The data Garten gave to Congress in that letter, however, is at odds with public records in China.
Garten wrote that the company had filed 117 trademark applications in China and said that while some trademarks had been granted provisional approval none have been formally registered since 2015.
But China trademark records indicate that from Feb. 14 through June 7, 39 trademarks were registered. In addition, the public database lists a total of 126 trademark applications made by Donald J. Trump and four applications in the name of his company, DTTM Operations LLC.
Garten said in an email that ownership of 122 Chinese trademarks had been transferred to DTTM Operations in January. He cautioned that China's trademark database can be unreliable. He added that the 117 count does not include trademarks Donald Trump applied for more than a decade ago using the name of his ex-wife, Ivana Trump, as a brand. And he said it also excludes trademarks for the Trump Organization's new Scion brand of hotels.
“That database is not frequently updated and is widely known to contain a multitude of inaccuracies,” he said in an email.
__
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting contributed from Shanghai.
Minority senators say this is not a constitutional basis to extend martial law for another year, saying it is not among the conditions set in the 1987 Constitution
Published 2:47 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Martial law needs to be extended for a year for its psychological effect on soldiers.
According to the minority bloc, security officials told this to senators during the briefing on the proposed one-year extension of martial law in Mindanao on Tuesday, December 12.
“Apparently, the Armed Forces have recommended the extension of martial law for its psychological impact. I'm afraid that is not a valid basis for the extension or martial law,” Senate Minority Leader Franklin Drilon told reporters after the meeting.
Drilon, in a separate interview, said the exact term used by the security officials was “gulpi de gulat” (suprise action).
Minority Senators Francis Pangilinan and Paolo Benigno Aquino IV also opposed the justification for the extension, saying it is not in the 1987 Constitution.
According to Article VII, Section 8 of the 1987 Constitution, the declaration of martial law and the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, can only be done "in case of invasion or rebellion, when the public safety requires it."
“Hindi… Sa Saligang Batas walang psychological basis (There's no psychological basis in our Constitution),” Pangilinan said.
“'Yung iba sinasabi kailangan para sa kanilang psychological boost pero malinaw po wala iyan [sa batas] (Others say it is needed for their psychological boost but it is clear we don't have that in the law),” Aquino said.
Asked about it, National Security Adviser Hermogenes Esperon had a different interpretation. He said the “psychological effect” is more on the people of Mindanao – contrary to what the 3 minority senators said.
“By psychological we mean it's really to the liking of majority of mindanaoans. Theres not much ovjection to it esp by Mindanao people. So in operations, if you say martial law, it still has an effect. Actually not so much. Anything we could get out of the kind of martial law we have, we can fully use it as we have done sa Marawi,” Esperon told reporters.
"Psychological... that's one characteristic of martial law. But what we are trying to do here in Mindanao, what do we want? Defeat terrorism, pursue war on drugs," he added.
It was not the first time the administration raised the so-called psychological effects of martial law. During the oral arguments in June, Solicitor General Jose Calida told the SC that the declaration of martial law would give President Rodrigo Duterte "psychological" advantage against terrorists. (READ: Calida says martial law declaration meant to make terrorists 'listen')
"It's like a sentence, instead of a period, there's an exclamation point....It's psychological, an exclamation point – you better listen to me now because I imposed martial law," Calida earlier said.
One year is too much
The opposition said one year is too long a time as there are no more fights in Marawi City. They also maintained that soldiers could perform their task well even without military rule.
"Yung suporta sa military, nandyan po yan, di pinagdedebatehan. Ang tanong, talaga kailangan ba ang martial law para magawa ng AFP ang kanilang trabaho? Many of us feel they can do their jobs properly with or without martial law,” Aquino said.
(Support for the military is given. The question is, is martial law realy needed to help the AFP do their job?)
As early as now, the minority has conceded they are likely to lose in the voting in Congress. But they believe the issue would be brought before the Supreme Court, which earlier ruled in favor of the first extension.
Other senators earlier expressed support for Duterte's proposal, saying the martial law now is different from the military rule under the late dictator Ferdinand Marcos. (READ: 'Mas masaya': Pacquiao favors martial law extension in Mindanao) – Rappler.com
Kylie Jenner‘s dogs are living the good life.
In her Snapchat story on Wednesday, Jenner showed off her latest construction project: a fully heated and air-conditioned house for her beloved pups, Norman and Bambi.
“It's almost done,” Jenner, 20, says in the quick clip. “They're going to have their own little … it's like a guest house.”
Kylie Jenner Snapchat
Before daughter Stormi was born in February, Italian greyhounds Norman and Bambi were basically Jenner's babies (and they've even had babies of their own!). They're part of the reality star's menagerie of pets — which includes chickens — and prior to having their own house, seemingly had their own room in Jenner's palatial mansion.
She's also doted on the dogs in the past, throwing them lavish birthday parties and giving them their own Instagram account, which has 461,000 followers despite a lack of recent activity.
Jenner follows in the footsteps of fellow dog lover Paris Hilton, who, in 2017, debuted her own air-conditioned doghouse — complete with designer furniture and a chandelier.
On Tuesday night, The New York Times published a piece claiming that phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald Trump's presidential campaign had repeated contact with Russian intelligence officials before the election.
What's more, the Times' story reveals that law enforcement and intelligence agencies are conducting an investigation into Trump's association with Russia — adding to what is already a storm of speculation around ties between the two parties. Here's what you need to know.
The Calls Rang Alarm Bells After Reports Of Russian Attempts To Disrupt The Election
While the Times says no connection has been made between the calls and Russia's attempts to disrupt the American election, their sources say initial interest in the intercepts came because of concern that Trump's campaign was colluding with Russia — a concern that has sparked a larger investigation into Trump's connection with Russia.
American law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee, three of the officials said. The intelligence agencies then sought to learn whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
[The New York Times]
The Calls Occurred At The Same Time That Intelligence Officials Were Learning About The Russian Hacking Of The DNC
In December, the FBI and CIA announced that they believed that Russia had hacked the DNC and provided materials to WikiLeaks in an effort to help elect Donald Trump. The agencies are reported to have had knowledge of the hacks before the election.
[Read more here]
Trump Added Fuel To Officials' Speculation After Making Statements Supportive Of Russia And Putin
During his campaign, Trump even called for Russia to find more of Hillary Clinton's emails (presumably through hacking), which reportedly put American intelligence on alert.
Donald Trump: "Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing."https://t.co/XHc9hh4gBt — CSPAN (@cspan) July 27, 2016
Previous Statements By Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Back Up The Report
After the election, Russia's deputy foreign minister Sergei Ryabkov told Interfax, a Russian news agency, that Russia had been in communication with the Trump campaign — a claim that Russia and Trump now deny:
There were contacts. We are doing this and have been doing this during the election campaign. Obviously, we know most of the people from [Trump's] entourage. Those people have always been in the limelight in the United States and have occupied high-ranking positions. I cannot say that all of them, but quite a few have been staying in touch with Russian representatives.
[Snopes]
Later, CNN Published A Story Citing Its Own Sources Saying Top Advisers Were In Constant Contact With Russian Officials
High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence, multiple current and former intelligence, law enforcement and administration officials tell CNN.
[CNN]
At Least One Campaign Employee Who Was Communicating With Russia Was Paul Manafort
The Times article reveals that at least one of the Trump campaign employees who was in contact with Russia was ex-campaign chairman Paul Manafort, who resigned over his previously undisclosed connections with Russian business.
In August, the AP reported:
Donald Trump's campaign chairman helped a pro-Russian governing party in Ukraine secretly route at least $2.2 million in payments to two prominent Washington lobbying firms in 2012, and did so in a way that effectively obscured the foreign political party's efforts to influence U.S. policy.
[The Associated Press]
Reportedly, Trump felt like Manafort had directed his campaign in a direction that was beneficial to Russia, without disclosing his ties to the country:
The family was particularly troubled by reports of Manafort's involvement with Russia and felt he hadn't been entirely forthright about his activities overseas, the source said. Family members were also unhappy about changes made to the GOP platform that were seen as beneficial to Russia, which they felt Manafort played a role in, the source added.
[Politico]
Manafort denied the allegations in Tuesday's Times story, saying:
"I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers, and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today."
[The New York Times]
News Of The Intercepts Came The Same Day That Trump's National Security Adviser Resigned Over Calls With Russia
On Tuesday, Michael Flynn resigned as Trump's national security adviser after The Washington Post reported that Flynn contacted Russian officials before Trump's inauguration to allay their concerns about new sanctions imposed by the Obama administration. Flynn then went on to mislead members of the Trump administration about the calls.
Nine current and former officials...spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters. All of those officials said ­Flynn's references to the election-related sanctions were explicit. Two of those officials went further, saying that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama, making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president.
[The Washington Post]
Investigators Are Continuing To Probe Other Potential Russia Connections, Including The 'Trump Dossier'
The Times reports that American intelligence officials are continuing to investigate potential Trump ties to Russia, including those documented in the recently reported "Trump Dossier". Recent reports by CNN indicate that parts of that document hold water as well:
For the first time, US investigators say they have corroborated some of the communications detailed in a 35-page dossier compiled by a former British intelligence agent, multiple current and former US law enforcement and intelligence officials tell CNN.
[CNN]
This Morning, Trump Responded To The Allegations On Twitter
Read his full tweetstorm below:
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA & FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for the USA — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
For more Trump news, check out our live-updating Trump channel.
Based on projected student population numbers presented to the Olentangy Local Schools Board of Education on Jan. 25, the ever-growing district could see an influx of nearly 3,000 additional students by the time the 2027-2028 school year rolls around.
Scott Leopold, a partner with Cooperative Strategies (specializes in financial and demographic planning for education), said his firm was asked to provide a demographic update of the district by taking a closer look at the enrollment projections based on location of residence using the 2018-2019 school year attendance boundaries for each school building within the district.
As expected, the projected increase in the student population from the current total of 20,500 students to the estimated total of 23,494 for the 2027-2028 school year isn't equally dispersed districtwide, but instead confined to various areas. The result is some schools are projected to see a large increase, while some are expected to see a decrease in population.
For example, at the elementary level, the student body population living within the boundaries of Johnnycake Corners Elementary is expected to increase from 621 for the current school year to 847 for the 2027-2028 school year, while during the same time frame, the student population at Alum Creek Elementary is projected to decrease from 501 to 450.
At the middle school level, the highest projected increase in student population from the present school year to the 2027-2028 school year is expected at Berkshire Middle School (973 to 1,480), while data for Hyatts Middle School shows a decrease in students (943 to 910).
In terms of projected student population based on location of residence and the new attendance boundaries for the district's high schools, there is some concern over the projected figures at Orange High School, which forecasts a total of 2,142 students residing within its boundaries for the 2027-2028 school year. The second highest projected total is Berlin High School with 1,850 students living within its attendance boundaries a decade from now.
Leopold said while the numbers for Orange High School over the coming years “look a little scary,” he cautioned that many of the residences within the school's boundaries are apartments, especially around Polaris.
“I believe that those students, when they get out of elementary, they may move elsewhere in the district for a bigger home,” he said. “This is something we just have to keep an eye on and make sure that this doesn't necessarily continue to pick up.
“I just don't think that people who have middle school and high school kids are going to want to pay $1,500 to $2,000 a month for an apartment if they can help it.”
For historical purposes, Leopold said data was collected as far back as the 2005-2006 to see how student population numbers would have fared back then under the new attendance boundaries to be implemented next school year.
The biggest changes from the 2005-2006 school year (total student population was 10,703) to the current school year have occurred at Olentangy Meadows Elementary (142 students to 598), Hyatts Middle School (274 to 943) and Orange High School (524 to 1,851).
By Joshua Keeran jkeeran@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Joshua Keeran at 740-413-0904. Follow him on Twitter @KeeranGazette.
Contact Joshua Keeran at 740-413-0904. Follow him on Twitter @KeeranGazette.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Syrian President Bashar Assad may be ready to compromise Tehran's regional ambitions and limit operations in some parts of Syria after recognizing that Iran's presence complicates an offensive of the Syrian army in the country's south, Yakov Kedmi, a former high-ranking Israeli intelligence official, told Sputnik on Wednesday.
On Monday, Israeli media reported that Israel and Russia had reached a deal to deploy Syrian troops in the border area in southern Syria, but not forces of Iran or the Hezbollah movement. On Tuesday, a source told Sputnik that the talks on the de-escalation zone in southern Syria had been underway for a few weeks and no Iranian troops or militias would be allowed to stay in the area.
The media quickly drew a parallel between the unconfirmed reports and the Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov's Monday statement, where the minister stressed that only Syrian government troops should have a presence on the country's southern border, which is close to Israel.
"Assad's main goal is to restore the integrity of Syria and for that purpose, he relied on the help of Iran. If Iran's involvement hinders this goal, it also contradicts Assad's interests. If the liberation of the southern Syrian territories on the Israeli border is complicated by the participation of Iranian forces, he may be interested to limit the presence of Iranian troops in the area," Kedmi said.
READ MORE: Netanyahu: Iran Should Be Denied Any Military Presence in Syria
© REUTERS / Ronen Zvulun Iran Accuses Israel of Assisting Terrorists in Syria in UN Letter
The Israeli expert assumed that the upcoming Syrian offensive and the withdrawal of Hezbollah and Iran-related forces from the disengagement line in the Golan Heights would be the focus of the upcoming talks between the Israeli delegation led by Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman and the Russian military officials.
According to the Israeli defense minister's press service, Lieberman was expected to meet with Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu in Moscow on Thursday.
"These talks are aimed at coordinating actions to ensure that the Syrian army's offensive in the south of the country will not see the participation of any pro-Iranian forces, to ensure that they will not get anywhere near the Israeli border," Kedmi explained.
READ MORE: Iran to Maintain Advisory Role in Syria Despite US' Demands to Withdraw
According to the expert, Lieberman will use this opportunity to highlight that Israel does not accept Iran's presence throughout Syria and in a long run will not be satisfied with withdrawing Iranian forces only from the border areas.
In turn, Mohammad Marandi, a professor at the University of Tehran, told Sputnik on Wednesday that he was surprised by the Israeli demands to keep Iranian forces away from Syria's border with Israel due to the simple fact that "Iran does not have and never had forces in southern Syria."
"Iran does not participate in all operations across Syria. The Iranians do not have a presence in the south, contrary to what the Israelis keep saying," he said.
According to the Iranian expert, the reports that Israel recently struck Iranian targets and destroyed 80 percent of Iran's military infrastructure in Syria, were a "pure fabrication."
"There were no Iranian targets and there were no Iranian soldiers. It was a fabrication, probably, because [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin] Netanyahu wanted [to create] a propaganda show for his own internal purposes because of the allegations of corruption against him," Marandi explained.
He stressed that Iran was present in Syria at the request of the Syrian government and would continue to support the Syrian people "as long as they needed them."
READ MORE: Iran to Stay in Syria as Long as Damascus Wants — Tehran
Over the past years, Assad's forces have regained vast territories, which had been lost since the outbreak of the Syrian civil war in 2011. The army has recently been preparing for an offensive in southern Syria.
Israeli relations with Iran are strained over Tehran's curtailed nuclear program, which Israel claims still exists, hostile rhetoric and support for the Syrian government and Lebanese Hezbollah movement, which battled Israel during the country's successive wars with Lebanon. Israeli officials have repeatedly said that Israel would not allow Iran to turn Syria, which has been engulfed in a civil war since 2011, into its military foothold.
The views and opinions expressed by experts do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
When Dr. Mathilde Krim founded amfAR more than three decades ago, America was in the midst of a public health crisis. Because of the lifestyles of most of those infected, or at risk of becoming infected, AIDS was on everybody's minds but on few people's lips -- and the silence was deafening.
Scroll for more content...
When Dr. Krim passed away on January 15, the media didn't do enough to showcase her contributions in breaking that silence. I am not sure why this woman's life isn't being exemplified as well as glorified more than it is, but it is important that her story be told.
In the earlier years, most society turned a blind eye to the health crisis that was claiming hundreds of thousands of lives annually. But Dr. Krim, who grew up in Europe during World War II, knew first-hand how silence in the face of horrific injustice can have devastating consequences.
So, when the AIDS crisis was devastating communities across our country, Dr. Krim knew she had to take action. She had a special gift for recognizing a critical life-threatening problem, and had the compassion, the knowledge and resolve to want to become the solution.
As a scientist, she understood the gravity of the AIDS virus medically (as did many), but, uniquely, she understood the social impact and dangers to our humanity. And she also quickly recognized that the greatest killer wasn't the disease itself -- it was the ugly stigma attached to anyone living with, or at risk of contracting, the AIDS virus.
I first met Dr. Krim 33 years ago, and soon found myself collaborating with her on a series of public awareness campaigns. The goal of these campaigns was to remind people of the looming threat of this global pandemic, which included holding leaders accountable while promoting empathy and compassion for people living with AIDS.
I fondly remember one public awareness campaign we launched in 1996 that challenged the notion that AIDS wasn't everyone's problem. We called it the "If" campaign, using slogans such as "If your mother had AIDS, you'd have more to worry about than flowers on Mother's Day" or "If the President had AIDS, he'd have to worry about more than your vote."
The most controversial of which was: "If the Pope had AIDS, he'd have more to worry about than your prayers."
Most people were urging me not to run it. It sounded too controversial, and likely to upset religious constituents. But Dr. Krim knew that we should find a way to share it, even if we didn't run it as an ad. So at the press conference to introduce the pending campaign, after showing the ads that would be running, I shared the one we decided not to run.
Not surprisingly, the ad we "weren't going to run" was noticed by people who wouldn't have heard the story otherwise. Even though it never appeared on a billboard, that slogan got more media coverage than the entire rest of the campaign combined.
That's just one example of her leadership. For years, I watched in awe as she demanded changes in public policy and appealed for funding of critical research. She was as comfortable commanding a hearing in Washington, D.C. as she was convening scientists in a laboratory at Sloan Kettering or elsewhere.
So when my dear friend Dr. Krim asked me to succeed her as chair of the board of directors at amfAR 13 years ago, I asked, "Why me?" I was not a doctor or a scientist, or even a public health expert. I made it clear to her that I also had a day job. I was not the obvious choice.
She made it clear to me that none of that mattered. One thing I learned early on from Dr. Krim is that she often took the path least traveled, and that she would rarely accept no for an answer.
And so, I accepted with the condition that if I agreed to "step up" that she would commit to not "step away." She didn't -- and stayed active in the fight to find a cure for AIDS until the very end.
Dr. Krim influenced countless scientists, activists, philanthropists, and at least one fashion designer that I know of. She made the world a safer, healthier and more tolerant place -- but there is more work for us to do to end the stigma and find a cure.
My mentor passed away at the age of 91. While she didn't live to see a cure for AIDS, because of all that she did, most of us alive today probably will. And the magnitude of that should never be forgotten.
From everything I know from my day job in the footwear industry, one thing is clear:
Mathilde Krim was a short woman, but she leaves enormous shoes behind for us all to fill.
The beauty of our sport, lifestyle, or however you'd like to classify it, is that you don't need much. Breaking it down to the essentials, all you really only need is a board and some sort of clothing or rubber to keep you warm and cover up your private parts. In this edit featuring Drew Mcpherson, we are reminded of the art of traveling light, with just those essentials. Somewhere far away, at a remote reefbreak, Mcpherson finds solitude with nothing but a Bob McTavish 5'9″ single fin, a pair of boardshorts, and a handful of books for reading between those long, winded sessions.
Germany on Tuesday submitted its official bid book for Euro 2024, saying the tournament would offer ‘perfect' organisation and an atmosphere to match as it looks to land its first major soccer event since the 2006 World Cup.
Turkey is the only other country bidding but Germany is seen as the clear favourite to stage the tournament in six years time.
European football's governing body UEFA is set to announce the winner on Sept. 27.
“We are submitting an excellent bid concept for a perfectly organised tournament, which offers a great opportunity for UEFA to further develop European football,” German Football Association (DFB) President Reinhard Grindel told reporters.
Grindel had Germany's 2014 World Cup-winning captain Philipp Lahm, a bid ambassador, by his side as he handed in their file at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.
“EURO 2024 staged in the heart of Europe will enable all of the participants to be given the best possible support by their fans,” Grindel said.
Germany's 2006 World Cup was hugely successful, with stadiums sold out and hundreds of thousands of fans gathering in outdoor viewing areas as easy rail and road access within Europe attracted large numbers of foreign visitors.
That tournament, however, has since been at the heart of several investigations in Germany and Switzerland over alleged payment irregularities.
Turkey is expected to submit its bid book later this week, UEFA said.
“As a player, I took part in the 2006 World Cup in Germany. I am certain that we will once again feel great enthusiasm and create a new spirit of solidarity at EURO 2024,” said Lahm, who retired last year.
“We are cosmopolitan hosts, we have modern stadiums and good infrastructures. Football is at home with us.”
UEFA will evaluate the bid books and publish a written report on each one by September.
The 2020 European Championship will be staged at venues across Europe to mark UEFA's 60th anniversary.
Club players are in for a very busy Summer after the Leitrim GAA County Board last week released their Master Fixture plan for 2017.
With the first round of the Division One and Two Leagues starting last weekend, players are already planning for the Leitrim Club Championship with the draw scheduled for Monday week, April 24.
With the new two groups of six teams in the Senior and Intermediate grades, clubs will see a massive increase in championship fixtures with the competition due to start on the weekend of July 21, 22 & 23, with the County Board open to the possibility of Friday night games.
Obviously with a big increase in championship games, further pressure has been put on championship dates with the Board scheduling three rounds of the Division One and Two Leagues for Wednesday evenings in May, June and July.
Of course, a lot of games in the months of May, June and July are dependent on the progress of the Leitrim Senior team in the Connacht Championship and All-Ireland Qualifiers.
The Hurling Championship is also featuring a major change with three rounds of the Senior Club championship fixed for Friday evenings in June, July and August with the Semi-Finals due to be played in October.
The County Finals are scheduled for the first two weekends of October and the County Board aim to have all competitions completed, provided there are no hold-ups or snags, by the October Bank Holiday weekend.
The main dates for Club competitions are as follows:
April 15/16: Division 1 & 2 Round 2
April 22/23: Division 1 & 2 Round 3
May 5, 6 & 7: Division 1 & 2 Round 4
May 13/14: Division 1 & 2 Round 8
Wednesday, May 31: Division 1 & 2 Round 6
June 3 & 4: Division 1 & 2 Round 7
Friday, June 16: Senior Hurling Club Championship
Wednesday, June 21: Division 1 & 2 Round 5
June 24/ 25: Division 1 & 2 Round 9
Friday, June 30: Senior Hurling Club Championship
Friday, July 7: Senior Hurling Club Championship
Wednesday, July 12: Division 1 & 2 Round 10
July 15/16: Division 1 & 2 Round 11/make-up games
July 21, 22 & 23: Senior, Intermediate & Junior A Championship Round 1
July 28, 29 & 30: Senior, Intermediate & Junior A Championship Round 2
August 5, 6 & 7: Senior, Intermediate & Junior A Championship Round 3
August 12/13: Junior A Round 3/Junior B Championship
August 19/20: Senior, Intermediate & Junior A Championship Round 4
August 26/27: Senior, Intermediate & Junior A Championship Round 5
September 2/3: Junior A Quarter-Finals
September 8, 91 & 10: Senior & Intermediate Championship Quarter-Finals
September 16 /17: Junior A Semi-Finals; Junior B Championship/Possible Senior & Intermediate replays; Division 1 & 2 back-up games
September 23/24: Senior & Intermediate Semi-Finals/Possible replays/back-up games
September 29, 30 & October 1: Junior A & B Semi-Final/Possible replays/back-up games
October 7/8: County Finals; Possible Hurling Semi-Finals
October 14/15: County Finals; Possible Replays/Possible Hurling Semi-Finals
October 21/22: Possible Hurling Final/Possible League Finals/Division 2 Round 11
October 28/29, & 30: Possible League Finals
The full list of Men's Inter-County and Connacht Club fixtures are as follows:
Saturday, April 22: Lory Meagher Cup: Fermanagh v Leitrim
Saturday, April 29: Lory Meagher Cup: Leitrim v Cavan
Wednesday May 3: Connacht JFC Semi-Finals
Saturday, May 6: Lory Meagher Cup: Leitrim v Lancashire
Saturday, May 13: Lory Meagher Cup: Warwickshire v Leitrim
Wednesday May 17: Connacht JFC Final
Saturday, May 20: Lory Meagher Cup: Leitrim v Sligo
Sunday May 28: Connacht SFC: London v Leitrim in Ruislip (Replay Saturday, June 3)
Saturday, June 10: Lory Meagher Cup Final
Sunday, June 18: Connacht SFC: Roscommon v Leitrim/London in Hyde Park (Replay June 24)
Saturday, June 24: All-Ireland Qualifier Round 1B
Wednesday, June 28: Connacht MFC: Sligo v Leitrim in Markievicz Park
Saturday, July 8: All-Ireland Qualifier Round 2B
Sunday, July 9: Connacht SFC & MFC Final
Saturday, July 15: All-Ireland Qualifier Round 3B
Saturday/Sunday July 29-30: All-Ireland Qualifier Round 4B v defeated Leinster/Ulster Finalists
Saturday, August 5: All-Ireland Quarter-Finals Round 4B winners v Leinster/Ulster winners
Sunday August 20: All-Ireland Semi-Final Connacht v Munster (Replay Saturday August 26)
Sunday August 27: All-Ireland Semi-Final Leinster v Ulster (Replay Saturday September 2)
Sunday, September 17: All-Ireland SFC Final
Sunday October 22: Connacht Intermediate Club: Sligo v Leitrim; Connacht Junior Club: Leitrim v Mayo
Monday, October 30: Connacht Junior HC Sligo v Leitrim in Markievicz Park
Saturday, November 4: Connacht Senior Club: Leitrim v Mayo; Connacht Junior HC Final: Sligo/Leitrim v Galway Centre of Excellence
Sunday November 5: Connacht Intermediate Club: Leitrim/Sligo v Galway; Connacht Junior Club: Leitrim/Mayo v Galway
Sunday, November 12: Connacht Senior Club: Leitrim/Mayo v Sligo
Sunday November 19: Connacht Intermediate Club Final
Sunday, November 26: Connacht Senior Club Final
The following are the Ladies Senior Inter-County fixtures for the year:
May 14: Connacht IFC: Leitrim v Sligo (if either or one in NL playoff date change)
May 28: Connacht IFC: Loser Leitrim/Sligo v Roscommon; If Leitrim v Roscommon (h); If Sligo (h) v Roscommon
June 17: Roscommon v who ever must have 2nd game
July 2: Connacht IFC Final (Replay July 5)
July 22/23: All-Ireland IFC Preliminary round
July 29/30: All-Ireland IFC Qualifier Round
August 5-6: All-Ireland IFC Qualifier Round
August 19/20: All-Ireland IFC Quarter-Finals
Saturday, September 2: All-Ireland IFC Semi-Final
Sunday, September 24: All-Ireland IFC Final
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Jordan Spieth acknowledged after the second round of the PGA Championship that it will take some "crazy stuff" for him to complete the career grand slam on Sunday.
After speaking so positively ahead of the final major of the year, Spieth's challenge never left the launch pad over the first 36 holes at Quail Hollow.
Eleven strokes behind at three-over 145, he will almost certainly have to wait another year to have an opportunity to complete the grand slam of all four modern majors.
His putting let him down in the first round, while on Friday he played too conservatively down the stretch in relatively easy late-afternoon conditions, after rain had taken the sting out of the greens.
"I kind of accept the fact that I'm essentially out of this tournament pending some form of crazy stuff the next couple of days," he said after a one-birdie 73.
"I'm sure going to give it a try."
He was frustrated with himself for playing away from danger over the final stretch of holes where water comes into play.
"I'm a little upset at the bailing out I did on a couple of shots. Just no reason to bail out on those at this point in the position I was in."
Asked if he had a score in mind over the weekend, he said "54 would be nice" before adding more seriously that he would just go as low as he could.
Pre-tournament favourite Rory McIlroy is also all but out of contention, 10 strokes behind after being on the harder side of the draw, late on Thursday and early Friday, before the rain.
"I feel like I'm still right there in the tournament," he said, speaking before Hideki Matsuyama had carded 64 to join Kevin Kisner in the lead at eight-under.
McIlroy is a two-time winner at Quail Hollow. (Editing by Peter Rutherford; )
Recent news:
InsurTech Sure raises $8mn
Bernard Goyder 15 June 2017
The InsurTech startup Sure has raised $8mn in a series A funding round led by New York-based investment firm IA Capital, the company said yesterday.
The funding round included participation from venture funds Menlo Ventures and ff Venture Capital and insurers Nationwide, Assurant and AmTrust. The Nationwide investment was fed through the carrier's technology investment platform, Nationwide Ventures.
Sure offers on-demand personal insurance via an app.
The new investment comes as Sure enters the smartphone insurance market with its Protection...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Here's a look at the life of physician Conrad Murray, convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the death of Michael Jackson.
Scroll for more content...
Personal: Birth date: February 19, 1953
birthplace: St. Andrews, Grenada
Birth name: Conrad Robert Murray
Father: Rawle Andrews, physician
Mother: Milta Murray
Marriages: Blanche (Bonnick) Murray (date unavailable publicly-present); Zufan Tesfai (October 17, 1984-August 26, 1988)
Children: with Blanche (Bonnick) Murray: two children; with Nicole Alvarez: a son; Murray has several other children with different mothers
Education: Texas Southern University, B.S., 1983; Meharry Medical College, M.D., 1989
Other Facts: He has a history of financial trouble and has owed hundreds of thousands of dollars related to unpaid bills, child support payments and defaults on education loans.
Is reported to have received $150,000 a month to be Michael Jackson's personal physician.
Murray was raised by his maternal grandparents in Grenada until he was 7, when he moved to Trinidad and Tobago to join his mother and stepfather.
Before going to medical school, he worked as a teacher, a customs clerk and an insurance underwriter.
What is Propofol? Propofol, also called Diprivan, is a short acting intravenous anesthetic used to put patients to sleep during hospital procedures.
It is not intended for home use, because of the usual lack of equipment required for emergency resuscitation.
Murray told detectives that he was treating Jackson for insomnia by giving him 50 mg of propofol, via an intravenous drip, each night, but lowered the dosage to 25 mg and combined it with other drugs in an attempt to wean Jackson off the propofol.
Timeline: 1980s - Moves to the United States to study medicine.
1991 - Is licensed to practice medicine in California.
1999 - Is licensed to practice medicine in Nevada.
2005 - Is licensed to practice medicine in Texas.
2000 - Opens Global Cardiovascular Associates in Las Vegas.
2006 - Opens Acres Home Heart and Vascular Institute in Houston.
December 2006 - Meets Michael Jackson for the first time when Murray treats one of Jackson's children in Las Vegas.
May 2009 - Is hired by Jackson's promoter, AEG Live, to be Jackson's personal physician during his upcoming concert tour.
June 25, 2009 - Murray reportedly finds Jackson unconscious and unsuccessfully performs CPR. Jackson doesn't respond to resuscitation attempts and dies the same day.
June 27, 2009 - The Los Angeles Police Department questions Murray in connection with Jackson's death.
July 22, 2009 - Houston police serve a search warrant on Murray's clinic and a storage unit. Later, Las Vegas police search Murray's Red Rock Country Club residence and doctor's office.
August 24, 2009 - After reviewing toxicology results, the Los Angeles coroner makes a preliminary conclusion that an overdose of the drug propofol is responsible for Jackson's death.
August 28, 2009 - A Los Angeles coroner's report declares Jackson's death a homicide, due to the number of drugs in his system.
August 2009 - Murray closes his Las Vegas clinic due to death threats and financial problems.
November 20, 2009 - Murray resumes practice at his Houston clinic.
February 8, 2010 - Surrenders to authorities in Los Angeles and is arraigned in Los Angeles County Superior Court on a charge of involuntary manslaughter. He pleads not guilty, surrenders his passport and makes bail of $75,000. As part of his bond, Murray is allowed to practice medicine but may not administer any anesthesia to patients.
February 10, 2010 - Resumes his practice in Las Vegas out of another doctor's office.
April 10, 2010 - Texas limits his medical license to exclude anesthesia.
June 14, 2010 - A judge in Los Angeles rules that Murray can continue to practice medicine in California.
June 2010 - Nevada restricts scope of medical practice to exclude anesthesia.
January 11, 2011 - Murray's license to practice medicine in California is suspended for the length of the trial.
January 25, 2011 - Enters a plea of "not guilty" at his arraignment on charges of involuntary manslaughter in the death of Jackson.
July 2011 - Nevada medical license expires.
September 27, 2011 - Opening arguments in Murray's trial begin.
October 24, 2011 - The prosecution rests its case.
November 1, 2011 - The defense rests. Murray does not testify.
November 7, 2011 - After deliberating for 10 hours and seven minutes, the jury finds Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter.
November 29, 2011 - Murray receives the maximum sentence, four years, in the death of Jackson.
December 4, 2011 - Notice is filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court that Murray will appeal his involuntary manslaughter conviction.
December 29, 2011 - The State of California suspends Murray's medical license.
January 27, 2012 - Murray files a request to be released on his own recognizance or on bail while awaiting appeal.
February 10, 2012 - The Texas Medical Board suspends Murray's medical license.
February 24, 2012 - Murray is denied bail while appealing his conviction.
October 11, 2012 - He is moved to a larger cell, one better able to accommodate his six-foot-five-inch frame.
March 25, 2013 - Murray's lawyer files an appeal to the involuntary manslaughter conviction.
August 30, 2013 - The Texas Medical Board revokes Murray's medical license.
October 28, 2013 - Is released.
January 15, 2014 - An appellate court upholds Murray's involuntary manslaughter conviction.
June 26, 2014 - Murray admits he is remorseful that Jackson passed away.
January 30, 2015 - An appellate court denies the Jackson family's attempt to reverse the decision that clears concert promoter AEG Live of negligence in hiring Murray as Jackson's physician.
July 26, 2016 - Releases his book "This is it: the secret lives of Dr. Conrad Murray and Michael Jackson."
SMITHFIELD, R.I. (AP) _ Senior Joel Hernandez poured in a career-high 32 points and sophomore Julian Batts added a career-best 27 to power LIU Brooklyn to an 84-71 victory over Bryant on Saturday.
Hernandez, who scored a personal-best 30 his last time out in a win over Sacred Heart, hit 12 of 23 from the floor and grabbed eight rebounds for the Blackbirds (12-13, 7-5 Northeast Conference). Batts buried a career-high seven 3-pointers as LIU Brooklyn shot 44 percent from the floor and 40 percent (14 of 35) from distance. Batts snared nine rebounds, tying his best effort on the boards. The Blackbirds, who picked up their third straight victory, won the rebound battle 51-37.
Ikenna Ndugba topped the Bulldogs (2-23, 1-11) with 18 points. Adam Grant and Tanner Johnson added 15 and 14 points, respectively, while Brandon Carroll snagged 10 rebounds to go with nine points. Bryant, which had an 11-game losing streak earlier this season, has now dropped eight straight.
The Bulldogs made just 28 of 77 shots from the floor (36 percent), including 7 of 34 from distance (21 percent).
[India], July 4 (ANI): Congress president Rahul Gandhi kickstarted his campaigning for the next year's general elections here on Wednesday.
Rahul, who is on a two-day visit to his parliamentary constituency, met the family of the farmer who died in 'Jais Mandi' following a cardiac arrest on May 4.
Taking a jibe at the Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) promise of bullet trains, he said, "It should not be called a bullet train. It should be referred to as a magic train. It will never be constructed if at all it is ever made it is going to be in Congress regime."
Rahul is also expected to go door-to-door to meet the villagers, which is being looked at as a campaigning strategy in the run-up to the 2019 general elections. (ANI)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
A HOUSE occupied by squatters in Port Pirie has gone up in flames overnight causing about $250,000 worth of damage.
Emergency crews responded to the blaze on Magor Rd at about 3.45am.
The fire has been brought under control and there are no reports of injuries at this stage.
Police and investigators will examine the site this morning to determine its cause.
FOLLOW THE BREAKING NEWS BLOG BELOW FOR THE LATEST
April 13 (Reuters) -
* China National Chemical Corporation announced today that it has extended the tender offers to purchase all publicly held registered shares of Syngenta AG
* Chemchina announced today that the tender offers to purchase all publicly held syngenta shares and adss will end on 4 May, 2017. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by John Revill)
Chennai: Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) leader M.K. Stalin raised the issue of the 'Cash for Vote' MLA sting in the Tamil Nadu Assembly on Thursday for the second consecutive day.
On Speaker P. Dhanapal's refusal to discuss the topic on the floor of the House, the DMK and the Congress staged a walkout from the Assembly.
After the walkout, Stalin addressed the media and said, "Today again I was denied permission to raise MLA sting issue in the Assembly by the Speaker. In protest, we staged a walkout."
"We have sought an appointment with the Governor. He is out of town. We will meet him soon as he is back," he added.
Stalin further said that the current All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) government should be dissolved.
"They should go for a CBI investigation to prove themselves that if they are clean," he added.
Yesterday, the Tamil Nadu Assembly saw a huge showdown between the ruling AIADMK and the DMK over the MLAs sting operation in a session, which was earlier being expected to be crucial for paving the way for the rollout of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) Bill on July 1.
Though the bill was tabled in the Assembly and passed successfully, a ruckus was created when Stalin raised the issue of "cash for MLA" expose, carried out few days before by a Engligh news channel.
Dhanapal refused to discuss the issue on the floor of the House as it was subjudice.
He further said the issue cannot be discussed also because there was no major proof to substantiate it as it only came out in the media.
Following this, the DMK MLAs showed pamphlets written "MLAs for sale" over them as a mark of protest against the Speaker's assertions.
Dhanapal supported his statements by citing the Nira Radia tape case that happened in the DMK's regime.
The Assembly came to a stalemate following which the policemen tried to take the protesting DMK MLAs out of the Assembly.
The DMK MLAs then, led by Stalin, took to the streets to raise slogans against the AIADMK - 'MLAs for Sale'.
A sting operation by an English news channel had revealed that all the AIADMK MLAs were lured in by cash and gold by the rival Sasikala camp to support Chief Minister Edapadi K. Palanisamy in the February trust vote conducted in Tamil Nadu Assembly.
Palanisamy won the trust vote held in the state assembly on the back of support offered by 122 AIADMK legislators.
South Madurai MLA Saravanan, who had deflected to the OPS faction, admitted on camera that Sasikala camp offered him money between Rs. 2 crore to 6 crore for his support.
The Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) severely criticised the ruling AIADMK government over the matter alleging that the party's inter-relationship was purchased and not natural. (
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Foxconn, one of Apple's main suppliers, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd said on Friday it aims to invest T$10 billion ($342 million) in artificial intelligence (AI) and related spheres of industrial internet.
“Our investment for R&D and technology investment absolutely won't be weak. We hope in the next few years to invest T$10 billion in the AI application and related spheres of the industrial internet,” executive Vice President Fang-ming Lu said at a press conference.
“We have an AI team but it's still not enough. We need more and more talent,” Lu added.
On Thursday, Hon Hai's unit Foxconn Industrial Internet submitted its listing application to Shanghai stock exchange.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Large wildfires are growing across the American West, keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires.
Large wildfires are growing across the American West, keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires.
(Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP). The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 in La Veta, Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while hundreds of ot...
(Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP). The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 in La Veta, Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while hundreds of ot...
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win his 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win his 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says she doesn't regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says she doesn't regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Nailah Winkfield, left, and Omari Sealey, right, the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath, listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2014, file photo, Nailah Winkfield, left, and Omari Sealey, right, the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath, listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco. The mother of a girl at the...
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, i...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended his reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for the 11th time.
Miki Sudo held on to her title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
Chestnut said he was "feeling good."
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session.
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," said George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer. "Joey said, 'Look at my plates,' and Carmen said, 'Look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than he consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated his 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, of Franklin, New Jersey, said she was attending the competitive eating competition to support her husband, Dwight Pleasant, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," she said.
___
This story has been corrected to show the hometown is spelled Tucson, not Tuscon.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
DURBAN - KwaZulu-Natal's Dube TradePort Corporation was prioritising the construction of its phase two with which it hopes to attract more than R10bn in private sector investment over the next five years.
Dube Tradeport chief executive Hamish Erskine said last week (correct) this project was their priority project for 2018/2019. “
This is the next major industrial expansion in the master-plan and will bring an additional 50 hectares of new serviced land on stream in the SEZ. This new zone will target in excess of R10 billion of private sector investment over the next five years,” said Erskine.
The Dube TradePort was designated the status of a special economic zone in December 2016 and has since secured a total of R1.5 billion in private sector investment.
“In addition to the infrastructural projects such as the Hlawe River sewer pipeline and bulk works on Dube TradeZone 1B, Dube TradePort delivered the successful construction of a warehouse for Gift of the Givers and a maintenance facility. These projects have contributed to the organisation meeting its job creation targets during their construction. This includes the construction of a double basement on Block D within Dube City, as well as a number of other smaller projects undertaken within Dube AgriZone. Furthermore, Dube TradePort Special Economic Zone achieved its target to empower SMME's, by ensuring that 40 percent of its total infrastructure spend was paid to SMME's.”
Erskine said the announcement made by former finance minister Malusi Gigaba that a number of incentives would be made available to ensure SEZs like the Dube TradePort to ensure their growth, revenue generation, job creation, the attraction of foreign direct investment and international competitiveness would give them a competitive advantage in the global arena.
Dube TradePort will also be facilitating the development of the first phase of an Automotive Supplier Park. The project forms part of a long-term plan to create an integrated supply chain for the automotive sector within the province of KwaZulu-Natal over 1100 hectares of land in Durban's south industrial basin. The project will be run collaboratively amongst the City of eThekwini Municipality, the provincial government of KwaZulu-Natal and private sector, as well as other local stakeholders.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
George A. Lohse, 92, of Hartington, Nebraska, formerly of Wynot, died Thursday, February 2, 2017 at Hartington Care and Rehabilitation Center.
Services were held at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, February 7 at Morningside Chapel, Christy-Smith Funeral Home in Sioux City. Burial was in Arlington Township Cemetery at Moville, Iowa.
George was born February 1, 1925 to Jasper and Alice (Beanbloasom) Lohse in Woodbury County, Iowa. George graduated from high school and enlisted in the United States Marine Corps.
He was united in marriage with Darlene Boggs on October 18, 1945. Together they made their home in Climbing Hill, Iowa until 1971.
They moved to Newcastle, Nebraska, where they lived from 1971 to 1985. Darlene preceded him in death on January 25, 1984.
George moved to Howard, South Dakota and then to Wynot, Nebraska in 2003. George was a 4-H leader and a member of the Newcastle Saddle Club.
Grateful for having shared his life are his children: Kathie McSparran of Belen, New Mexico; Randy (Jean) Lohse of Wyola, Montana; Ken (Michelle) Lohse of Bellevue, Nebraska; and Kim (Stan) Wieseler of Obert, Nebraska; 10 grandchildren; 12 great-grandchildren; and a sister, Dorothy Barto of Sioux City.
He was preceded in death by his parents; wife, Darlene; two sisters, Wanda and Mary; a son-in-law, George; and a brother, Harold “Hap.”
Police attempt to safeguard players and officials as spectators went on the rampage following Kaizer Chiefs' loss to Free State Stars. Photo: Samuel Shivambu/BackpagePix
DURBAN - eThekwini Mayor Zandile Gumede will on Wednesday declare the extent and cost of damages inflicted on Durban's iconic world cup stadium which plunged into chaos on Saturday evening by enraged soccer fans.
eThekwini Municipality's spokesperson, Mandla Nsele has urgently summoned a press conference to the battered Moses Mabhida stadium early on Wednesday where officials are expected to brief the press on their action against “vandals”.
Gumede and Moses Mabhida Stadium manager, Vusi Mazibuko, are expected to give feedback.
Security personnel grab hold of a spectator after a pitch invasion and vandalism to equipment and the stands at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday night. Photo: Motshwari Mofokeng/African News Agency/ANA
Violence erupted on Saturday evening when Kaizer Chiefs lost 2-0 to Free State Stars in the Nedbank semi-final. Outraged, some Chiefs fans descended onto the field, torched chairs, damaged equipment and assaulted security guards - videos and pictures of which went viral over the weekend.
Chiefs are set to appear before a disciplinary committee in May, and are due to play another game at Moses Mabhida against Arrows on Wednesday night.
Eighteen people were injured.
Also read: Stadium management say 18 injured in violence following Kaizer Chiefs defeat
While major roleplayers in the soccer world have reacted to the incident, eThekwini Municipality will announce their plans on repairing the eight-year-old stadium.
Police use fire extinguishers to put out a few blazes at Moses Mabhida Stadium. Photo: Motshwari Mofokeng/African News Agency/ANA
Nsele said: “Following an unfortunate incident where some spectators ran amok and vandalised infrastructure at the Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday, eThekwini Municipality will give feedback on the extent of the damage and what the plans are to repair the stadium.”
One of the men accused of pitch invasion and malicious damage to property, Phelelani Jojisa, is expected to appear at the Durban Magistrates Court on Wednesday.
Jojisa, 32, is being detained at the Durban Central police station.
Also read: Moses Mabhida Stadium fan riot accused appears in court
Also read: Kaizer Chiefs charged by PSL for stadium violence
Kaizer Chiefs have since been charged by the Premier Soccer League for bringing the game into disrepute and for misconduct following the spectator violence.
A police nyala armoured vehicle was brought in to try and quell the pitch invasion. Photo: Motshwari Mofokeng/African News Agency/ANA
SUNDAY TRIBUNE
A burn ban has been enacted in Marion County. The burn ban was announced on Friday. Please refrain from all outdoor burning. See a list of East Texas burn bans here. Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
More >>
NEW YORK Following is a list of nominees in major categories for Broadway's annual Tony awards, which will be presented at Radio City Music Hall in New York on June 11:
Best musical:
"Dear Evan Hansen"
"Come From Away"
"Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812"
"Groundhog Day"
Best play:
"Oslo" by J. T. Rogers
"Sweat" by Lynn Nottage
"Indecent" by Paula Vogel
"A Doll's House Part 2" by Lucas Hnath
Best revival of a musical:
"Hello, Dolly!"
"Falsettos"
"Miss Saigon"
Best revival of a play:
"August Wilson's Jitney"
"Lillian Hellman's The Little Foxes"
"Six Degrees of Separation"
"Present Laughter"
Best performance by a leading actress in a musical:
Bette Midler, "Hello, Dolly!"
Christine Ebersole, "War Paint"
Patti LuPone, "War Paint"
Denee Benton, "Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812"
Eva Noblezada, "Miss Saigon"
Best performance by a leading actor in a musical:
Ben Platt, "Dear Evan Hansen"
Andy Karl, "Groundhog Day"
David Hyde Pierce, "Hello, Dolly!"
Josh Groban, "Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812"
Christian Borle, "Falsettos"
Best performance by a leading actress in a play:
Jennifer Ehle, "Oslo"
Laurie Metcalf, "A Dolls' House Part 2"
Cate Blanchett, "The Present"
Laura Linney, "The Little Foxes"
Sally Field, "The Glass Menagerie"
Best performance by a leading actor in a play:
Kevin Kline, "Present Laughter"
Jefferson Mays, "Oslo"
Chris Cooper, "A Doll's House, Part 2"
Denis Arndt, "Heisenberg"
Corey Hawkins, "Six Degrees of Separation
Best book of a musical:
"Dear Evan Hansen"
"Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812"
"Come From Away"
"Groundhog Day The Musical"
Best original score:
"Dear Evan Hansen"
"Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812"
"Groundhog Day The Musical"
"Come From Away"
Best choreography:
"Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812"
"Bandstand"
"Come From Away"
"Groundhog Day The Musical"
"Holiday Inn"
(Reporting by Chris Michaud; Editing by Bernard Orr)
The snow-covered landscape is reflected in a logo in front of FIFA headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland, January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH FIFA ethics watchdogs have opened formal proceedings against Caribbean soccer official Gordon Derrick in a corruption investigation, they said on Friday.
Investigators have recommended a ban of at least four years and a fine of at least 15,000 Swiss francs (11,799.19 pounds) against Derrick, who is president of the Caribbean Football Union and general secretary of the Antigua and Barbuda Football Association, the ethics panel said in a statement.
The probe centres on alleged conflicts of interest, offering and accepting gifts and other benefits, mismanagement of funds, abuse of position and disloyalty, it said.
(Reporting by Michael Shields)
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Motorists in Galway are being urged to take extra care this morning as road conditions in many areas remain dangerous.
A fall of snow and sleet over the weekend coupled with sub zero temperatures overnight have made road conditions particularly slippy today.
A ‘Status Orange' weather warning from Met Eireann remains in place for Connacht until 10a.m
Galway gardaí are reporting that roads around the city are manageable this morning as most have been salted.
However pedestrians are warned to be cautious on footpaths as they have not been treated.
In Oranmore, local roads and estate roads are extremely slippy this morning but the N6 dual carriageway into the city has been treated.
In the Tuam area, the main roads are driveable as they have been treated however minor roads are particularly dangerous.
Some areas for motorists to take extra care in are Monivea, Kilconly and Dunmore.
In the east of the county, conditions seem to be worse.
Ballinasloe gardaí say that while the M6 motorway has been treated, motorists still need to exercise extra care.
Hills are particularly difficult to manoeuvre and roads in the Kiltormer area are treacherous.
On the M17/M18 motorway, road conditions are particularly bad near the Ardrahan exit and locals roads which are not treated are also extremely slippy.
In the west of the county, sea breezes have resulted in slightly higher temperatures so there are no reports of any particularly treacherous routes, however motorists are advised to still take care as heavy rain falls.
All motorists are advised to keep a safe distance from the car in front and approach junctions at a slower speed.
The only school closure we have been notified about is Leitrim National School in Kylebrack, Loughrea which is closed today.
Bus Eireann says buses in Galway are running as normal or with minor delays.
Irish Rail says the 7.30 Athlone to Galway service is running but will be 15 minutes late arriving due to points which were affected by freezing conditions.
SAN DIEGO – Money or love? Valentine's Day is a good time to reflect on what's important when it comes to the matter of love.
What if you were presented with an option to take $1 million per year for the rest of your life over finding true love?
A recent survey by Money and SurveyMonkey of 4,447 people concluded that more than half of people surveyed chose cash over true love. See their results
Your cracked phone screen is a turnoff — and weird trends in the search for love
Your weirdness and nervousness are endearing to potential matches. But please turn off your phone on dates — and stop complaining on Facebook.
Those are just a few modern dating dos and don'ts, according to new surveys from several dating sites conducted ahead of Valentine's Day. CNNTech culled the stats from Hinge, Match and OKCupid. Here are our favorite findings:
Phone compatibility is a thing.
iPhone users are 21 times more likely to judge their dates negatively if they carry Android phones instead of an iPhone. Android users are also judge-y — just a little less so at 15 times more likely to see iPhone devotees negatively. That's according to the annual “Singles in America” report commissioned by Match and conducted by Research Now, which surveyed 5,500 singles across the country.
But most women agree cracked phone screens are gross: 86% of female respondents say they're negatively judging men for not fixing their phones (the report didn't include this stat for men).
Wealth isn't a concern when it comes to matters of the heart. Career ambition is, however.
OKCupid and NerdWallet partnered on a study to look at the intersection of dating and money, and 52% of those surveyed said they'd be “very comfortable” with a partner who brought in more money than they did. Men were more likely to indicate this than women. A mere 0.5% of respondents said they'd be “very uncomfortable.”
Moreover, more than 60% in this survey said a partner who is complacent with a minimum wage job is at least somewhat of a problem, which aligns with a finding from “Singles in America”: 38% of men say female entrepreneurs are sexy.
Related: New dating app ditches swiping, requires phone calls
Dogs rule, cats drool.
According to Hinge, which surveyed 2,000 of its users as part of a new book about dating success stories, “cat people” are 20% more likely to date a dog person than a “dog person” is to date a cat person. Woof.
Normal is boring.
Hinge's survey also found 71% of people are up for “taboo” talk on a first date. So, they're probably OK with talking about everything sex to politics, religion and more. This finding closely aligns with the percentage of people who think “weird” is better than “normal.”
OkCupid has even decided to jump start conversations around these topics. On Tuesday the dating service refreshed its mobile app to include 50 new questions for singles to answer, including: “Trump?” (the response options “Hell no,” “No,” “Yes,” and “Hell yes”) and “Is climate change real?”
Obsessed with social media? That's unattractive.
Don't even think about texting or answering your phone on a date: 58% of survey respondents in “Singles for America” survey say it's a no-no to keep a phone face up on a date. And 58% of folks also said they aren't into people who complain on Facebook; 26% went so far as to say that people who abstain from all social media are a turn-on.
Also, 29% of respondents said they're jonesing for phone calls (which is good news for this new dating app).
Stop with the dating advice, for the love…
A whopping 65% of “Singles in America” respondents say dating tips and tricks aren't useful. Oops.
But seriously, scope out a bar that's not too crowded (78% of Hinge respondents say an empty one is better than a packed venue for a first date) and bring your A-game (87% of Hinge respondents say personality is more important than looks). Happy dating.
That task is now international in scope.
On its official Facebook site, the South Korean government said two of its nationals were killed and another was injured in the rampage. According to the statement, the government had confirmed the safety of six Koreans out of nine who were reported missing through diplomatic and consular call centres, and that the government was seeking to locate the remaining three.
On Tuesday, Jordan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriate Affairs statement was quoted by Roya News as saying Munir Najjar had gone to Canada to visit one of his sons and was killed in the incident.
A spokesperson for the Jordanian embassy in Ottawa told the Star "one Jordanian citizen, he was deceased in the van attack." She would not confirm any other details.
The Star spoke to a friend of the family in Toronto who confirmed the news.
"Omar Najjar's father, Munir, was killed in yesterday's Toronto accident, and the family wants to be alone at this point. We seek prayers for his father and for all the injured and killed," said the family friend.
He added that the Najjar family was waiting for the coroner's office to formally identify their father, who was visiting them from Amman. Neither family, nor friends, know any other details of the event that led to Munir Najjar's death.
At Olive Square in North York, a string quartet played "Hallelujah" at a vigil for those hurt and killed. Some bowed their heads and prayed. Others began to cry.
Everyone is shocked and sad, very sad," said Azy Valipour, who lives in an apartment near where the van ended its tear.
"It's very close to us, you always think these things happen to other people," she said. "But Toronto is a very strong multicultural city, we're not going to let this (break us)."
Among those confirmed as injured are Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, So Ra, Beverly Smith and Robert Anderson.
Friends and family wandered in and out of critical care units at Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre Tuesday, pacing, talking on cellphones and comforting one another in hallways and waiting rooms as they braced for news and updates about their loved ones.
Saeid Ghavami, a researcher at the Children's Hospital Research Institute of Manitoba, said one of the injured, Amir Kiumarsi, was his mentor when he was a science student in Iran in 1985.
Kiumarsi, a chemistry lecturer at Ryerson University, had a "big effect on my research and progress," Ghavami said. "He is a great guy." Ghavami said Kiumarsi, a "well known scientist in the world of organic biochemistry," came to Canada in 2010 and has since been a force within the local Iranian community as well as a support to Iranian students wishing to study in this country.
"Amir is more than our colleague — he is our friend and union brother who is dedicated to both his Continuing Education students and to the betterment of working conditions and learning conditions at Ryerson," said Rob Bajko, vice-president of communication for Kiumarsi's union, CUPE 3904.
"As Amir begins his recovery from yesterday's tragic incident, we are keeping him and his family in our thoughts and our prayers."
Seneca College president David Agnew sent this message to campus: "It is with great sadness that I inform the Seneca community of the death of one of our students yesterday as a result of the horrific attack on Yonge Street. She was, along with nine others, an innocent victim of this tragic act of violence."
Two other students were hurt but didn't need to go to hospital, the email said.
"We must grieve, and we must heal, but we must also resolve to carry on," it added.
That, too, was the message from D'Amico's loved ones.
"The best way to honour Anne Marie is to go out and have some additional act of kindness today, because that's exactly what she would have done if she was on the other side of this," said Gilhooly, who volunteered with her in the Dominican Republic. "I hope her kindness and generosity can live through everyone else."
Tennis Canada and the Rogers Cup are making plans to honour D'Amico's memory at this summer's event; volunteering with the organizations was a proud family tradition.
D'Amico graduated from Loretto Abbey Catholic Secondary School and also attended St. Edward Catholic School south of Yonge and Sheppard, close to where the tragedy occurred and where her sister is currently a teacher.
In a message to staff and parents Tuesday, St. Edward principal Anthony De Ciantis described a community in shock and grief.
"This tragedy has touched our school community in profound ways," he wrote in a letter. "Anne Marie D'Amico, age 30, sister of our Grade 7 teacher Frances D'Amico, lost her life. She was one of the victims of yesterday's attack.
Rizzo said a mass was held in D'Amico's honour at Loretto Abbey on Tuesday morning.
Read more:
Sunny spring day turns to unforgettable tragedy as van driver kills 10 and injures 15
Who to call to help victims of Toronto's deadly van crash, or if you need help yourself
Alek Minassian charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder, 13 counts of attempted murder in van rampage
At a special city council meeting Tuesday, Councillor Cesar Palacio rose to speak about D'Amico, the daughter of constituents Rocco and Carmela, who live in his Davenport ward. D'Amico was one of three children and a friend of Palacio's daughter.
The councillor said he spoke to D'Amico's father, Rocco, on Tuesday morning.
"It was clear that part of his life is gone," Palacio said. "As he noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever in his life."
On Tuesday afternoon, in the wake of his grandmother's death, Elwood Delaney wrote a Facebook post addressing rampage suspect Alek Minassian.
"Thanks to you I had to tell my 3 children and tmy wife that cause of you they will no longer get to talk to Nan on there (sic) birthdays or Christmas. I love you Dorothy Sewell," he wrote.
"You will always be loved and your love of sports will always be with me while I cheer with you. Go Toronto Go."
With files from Michele Henry, Jaren Kerr, Jennifer Pagliaro and Evy Kwong
To share your stories about the individuals impacted by Monday's events, the Star's news desk can be reached at 416-869-4301 or at city@thestar.ca.
To share your stories about the individuals impacted by Monday's events, the Star's news desk can be reached at 416-869-4301 or at city@thestar.ca .
It takes a special kind of strength, will and determination to run a marathon. It probably took the same to overcome a 25-point deficit in the final 17 minutes of a Super Bowl.
One spectator at the Boston Marathon put those concepts together to form the perfect sign for the marathon that surely motivated every participant who wasn't from Atlanta. The sign says it all.
Of course, the Patriots trailed the Atlanta Falcons, 28-3, with just over two minutes remaining in the third quarter of Super Bowl 51. The Patriots rallied back to tie the game and ultimately won in overtime.
As elite Boston Marathon runners pass, man flashes Patriots-Falcons Super Bowl scoreboard sign (H/T @PrinceOj84) pic.twitter.com/RN5AlxdgSh — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) April 17, 2017
It was a crushing loss for the city of Atlanta, but for Boston, it proved that anything is possible. So, as these runners were thinking about giving up in the final stretch, they had the memory of Tom Brady's triumphant win to carry them to the finish line.
Or, something like that.
STOCKHOLM, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Geely-owned Volvo Car Group said on Friday its sales rose 22 percent year-on-year in January on the back of strong growth in China and the United States.
* Says total sales for the month amounted to 43,439 cars compared to 35,475 cars a year earlier, up 22.4 pct yr/yr
* Says China January sales up 38 pct boosted by local start of production and sales of the new XC60 mid-size SUV
* Says U.S. sales up 60.5 pct, with the XC90, the S90 and the new XC60 the main growth drivers
* Says sales in Europe, its biggest region, rose 11.7 pct
* The company, which posted record-high sales in 2017, reports full-year 2017 earnings on Thursday, Feb. 8 Link to statmement: bit.ly/2BPVkUg (Reporting by Johannes Hellstrom; editing by Niklas Pollard)
NEW YORK | Get ready to … chuckle gently.
This year's Super Bowl advertisers are minding their manners. They're trying hard to steer clear of everything from politics to the #MeToo movement with lightly humorous ads that don't offend.
This photo provided by Coca-Cola shows a scene from the company's Super Bowl spot. For the 2018 Super Bowl, marketers are paying more than $5 million per 30-second spot to capture the attention of more than 110 million viewers. (Coca-Cola via AP) This frame grab from video provided by Groupon shows a scene from the company's Super Bowl spot, featuring Tiffany Haddish. For the 2018 Super Bowl, marketers are paying more than $5 million per 30-second spot to capture the attention of more than 110 million viewers. (Courtesy of Groupon via AP) This frame grab from video provided by Groupon shows a scene from the company's Super Bowl spot. For the 2018 Super Bowl, marketers are paying more than $5 million per 30-second spot to capture the attention of more than 110 million viewers. (Courtesy of Groupon via AP) This photo provided by Coca-Cola shows a scene from the company's Super Bowl spot. For the 2018 Super Bowl, marketers are paying more than $5 million per 30-second spot to capture the attention of more than 110 million viewers. (Coca-Cola via AP) This photo provided by Coca-Cola shows a scene from the company's Super Bowl spot. For the 2018 Super Bowl, marketers are paying more than $5 million per 30-second spot to capture the attention of more than 110 million viewers. (Coca-Cola via AP) This photo provided by Febreze shows a scene from the company's Super Bowl spot. For the 2018 Super Bowl, marketers are paying more than $5 million per 30-second spot to capture the attention of more than 110 million viewers. (Courtesy of Febreze via AP) This photo provided by Avocados from Mexico shows a scene from the company's Super Bowl spot. For the 2018 Super Bowl, marketers are paying more than $5 million per 30-second spot to capture the attention of more than 110 million viewers. (Avocados from Mexico via AP) This image released by Anheuser-Busch shows actor Chris Pratt in a scene from a Michelob Ultra commercial. Pratt, the star of the "Jurassic World" and "Guardians of the Galaxy" film franchises, will make his advertising debut on Super Bowl Sunday, Feb. 4, 2018, in a pair of commercials for the light beer. (Anheuser-Busch via AP)
So there will be little gross-out humor and few unexpected bellies laughs this year. The goal is to capture the attention of the 111 million-plus viewers expected to tune in when the Philadelphia Eagles take on the New England Patriots on NBC on Sunday.
Thirty-second slots are going for more than $5 million for airtime alone. Many companies have released ads online early in hopes of generating extra buzz. But there are still a few surprises left, with Chrysler, E-Trade and Verizon yet to release their ads.
Well, I suppose Saint Patrick wouldn't be impressed.
Apparently, the snakes help tone the vagus nerve which is the one responsible for releasing feel good stress relieving hormones like oxytocin.
Presumably, if you are terrified of slithery creatures then it will help release the bowel nerve.
The greatest part of this video is the massage therapist.
Amazing.
Check this out:
A male ATV rider is in hospital after rolling his ATV near Peachland
A backcountry rider is recovering at Kelowna General Hospital after rolling his ATV over a bank in the hills above Peachland.
According to Vernon Search and Rescue, their heli-winch team was called in to assist Penticton Search and Rescue in rescuing the man that ended up in the precarious position near Darke Lake.
“They (PENSAR) had been tasked with a call for a fellow injured in an ATV accident,” explained Leigh Pearson, with Vernon Search and Rescue.
“Because of where he was and the extent of his injuries they asked for our helicopter as they knew we could winch him out of there if need be, and that is what we did.”
A three-man heli-winch team was able to hover above the victim and get him safely in the helicopter before returning to base at Wildcat Helicopters in West Kelowna. From there, the man was transferred to a waiting ambulance and taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
“He was injured, but the helicopter crew said he was alert while being transported,” added Pearson.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The European Union has launched an antitrust investigation against the US sportswear manufacturer Nike, the US film studio Universal Studios and the Japanese design and production company Sanrio on suspicion of illegal restriction of goods distributors in cross-border sales and online sales within the single EU market, the European Commission said in a press release on Wednesday.
"We are going to examine whether the licensing and distribution practices of these three companies may be denying consumers access to wider choice and better deals in the Single Market," Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition commissioner, was quoted as saying by the Commission's press statement.
The investigation concerns merchandising products such as clothes, shoes, accessories for mobile phones, bags and toys, which bear images or text. The manufacturer may use such images or text if it has signed a licensing agreement with the owner of the relevant intellectual property rights, the statement said.
Nike, Sanrio and Universal Studios license the rights for some of the world's most well-known brands, such as 'FC Barcelona', 'Hello Kitty' and computer-animated comedy movies 'Minions' and 'Despicable Me.'
On May 10, the European Commission adopted a report on the earlier launched e-commerce inquiry, which had gathered evidence from 1,900 e-commerce companies and analyzed around 8,000 distribution and license contracts. The initiative was taken in the context of Digital Single Market strategy, adopted in May 2015 with the aim to make Europe a world leader in digital economy by ensuring free movement of persons, services and capital through seamless access online under conditions of fair competition.
The spokesman of the Israeli Defense Forces has told French lawmakers that the Hamas organization appropriates donations sent from France and other countries to the Palestinian Gaza Strip, which is suffering from severe humanitarian problems, for military activities and terror attacks.
During his visit to France, IDF spokesman Ronen Manelis called on members of the National Assembly, the lower house of the French Parliament, to not “get suckered in by Hamas,” which is branded a terrorist organization in Israel, the US and the EU.
According to the official, cited by the Times of Israel, billions of Israeli shekels, which are donated from foreign countries, including French taxpayers, to the Gaza Strip, are “diverted to building terror capabilities” by Hamas, which rules the territory.
“This is a militarized terror group in every sense, with a general staff, fighting brigades, operational battalions and attack plans against Israel. This organization has murdered thousands of Israelis, Americans, French citizens and Britons in bus bombings, suicide attacks in malls and restaurants, and stabbing and car-ramming attacks,” he told the lawmakers.
He slammed Hamas as “a murderous terror organization that stops at nothing in its efforts to attack children, women, innocent civilians, including civilians living under its rule.”
During his briefing he stressed that Hamas has turned the Gaza Strip into “the capital of terror, darkness and killing” and chosen not to invest in its own people, which has led to skyrocketing unemployment and other humanitarian problems.
“The residents of Gaza aren't my enemies. Hamas has taken them hostage,” he stated.
Manelis also defended the IDF's actions in the recent clashes on the Israeli border, which left more than 100 Palestinians dead and thousands injured as the IDF used anti-riot means and opened fire on protesters to prevent them from breaking through the border fence.
READ MORE: UNGA Votes to Condemn Israel's 'Excessive Force' Against Gaza Protests
The actions were criticized internationally, and France's president, Emmanuel Macron, had stated his “condemnation of any form of violence toward civilians and, in particular, these past few weeks in Gaza.”
Speaking to the French lawmakers, however, the representative of the Israeli Army stressed that the events in Gaza have been mistaken as “protests.”
“We have unequivocal intelligence information according to which they planned to kill and kidnap,” he said to the MPs and invited them “to come see the IDF's defense challenge,” according to the Times of Israel.
The Great Return March started on March 30 and officially concluded on May 15 to commemorate the Nakba, or Israeli Independence Day, in which 750,000 Palestinians were removed from their homeland to make way for Israelis. However, demonstrations remain ongoing. On May 14, the day the US Embassy was opened in Jerusalem, Israeli forces killed 60 people.
People who work at Keesler Medical Center are celebrating a big win for the Air Force's "hospital of the year."
"You are what you eat." We've all heard it, and many of us have jokingly used the common saying amongst one another. But there really is a kernel of truth there. Eating healthy can help us be healthy. Memorial Hospital Chef, Rodney Williams shows us how to make a healthy meal at home.
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
WINCHENDON, Mass. (WLNE) — A driver had to be rescued from a Massachusetts pond after his vehicle took a plunge.
The Winchendon Fire Department says a man was plowing a parking lot in the town at approximately 4 a.m. Sunday when he saw the vehicle leave the roadway and enter Hunts Pond.
The witness called police telling dispatchers the car was still in the water with the driver inside.
“The guy was still in the vehicle and trapped, I live less than a quarter mile away, I arrived on the scene and the kid had just self- ejected and was sitting on the roof,” said the witness.
The car was in about 8 to 10 feet of water.
The driver is now home, uninjured but first responders say he would not have stood a chance if that plow driver had not looked up at the right time.
©WLNE-TV /ABC6 2017
Janet Yellen has a new job.
Scroll for more content...
After she leaves the Federal Reserve on Saturday, Yellen will join the Brookings Institution as a distinguished fellow in residence with the economic studies program.
Her first day at the office is Monday. And she already knows one of her new coworkers: Ben Bernanke, who preceded her as Fed chairman and joined the think tank in 2014.
"I congratulate Janet on her outstanding public service and look forward to being her colleague at the Brookings Institution," he said in a tweet.
The title of distinguished fellow in residence at Brookings honors experts with distinguished records in academia or public service. The economic studies program develops ideas to help spur economic growth and opportunity in the United States.
Related: Jerome Powell will take over at the Fed this weekend
Yellen said in a statement that she's "delighted" and looks forward to studying the labor market and weighing in on public policy debates.
"I'm proud to welcome her to the Brookings community," said Brookings President John Allen.
Three former Fed vice chairs are senior fellows at Brookings: Alice Rivlin, Donald Kohn and Alan Blinder.
Jerome Powell, appointed by President Trump, takes over as Fed chairman on Saturday.
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
IF you hear Dolly Parton's ‘Nine to Five' ring out in a Sydney bar this June, stay put — you've just hit the jackpot.
The Dolly classic will signal that drink prices are about to be slashed by 49 per cent, which for many, will mean a timewarp back to the days when beers cost less than a fiver.
Every night in June, Merivale boss Justin Hemmes will be cutting drink prices at 37 of his hospitality group's venues including his signature CBD nightspot Establishment and the landmark Coogee Pavilion.
Why? For the betterment of Sydney, the pub baron says.
At 5pm daily, special songs will play at venues — Dolly Parton's ‘Nine to Five' on weekdays and James Brown's ‘I Feel Good' on weekends — to mark the start of an extended happy hour. Drinks will be 49 per cent off — the maximum discount allowed by regulators for alcohol — for the next two hours.
MORE: Get a new Samsung Tablet when you take this 12 month digital subscription to the Daily Telegraph. Conditions apply.
The offer includes any drink with a unit price of up to $200; meaning $198 bottles of Laurent-Perrier Rose champagne will be available for $100.98 — $16 less than it costs to buy it takeaway from Dan Murphy's.
WHICH 37 BARS?
Camera Icon Beer which normally costs between $7-$11.50 will drop to $3.57-$5.87 during the promotion. Picture: Supplied
30 Knots
Angel hotel
Ash St. Cellar
Bert's bar
Charlie Parker's
Coogee Pavilion bar
Coogee Rooftop
El Loco
Establishment bar
Excelsior
Felix bar
Fred's bar
Hemmesphere
Hotel CBD bar
Hotel Centennial bar
Ivy den & lounge
Ivy Pool Club
J&M
Level 6 (members only)
Ms. G's cocktail bar
Palings bar
Palmer & Co.
Queen Chow Manly bar
Queens Hotel
Slip Inn
Tank Stream Bar
Tennyson Hotel
The Beresford
The Collaroy bar
The Fish Shop bar
The Grand Hotel
The Newport
The Paddington bar
The Royal George
The Vic on the Park
Wynyard Hotel
York 75
TOP DEALS
● The Newport
Bottle of NV Laurent-Perrier Rose, Tours-sur-Marne, France
NORMALLY: $198
NOW: $100.98
● Angel Hotel
Bottle of 07 Trimbach ‘Cuvée Frédéric Emile, Alsace, France (riesling)
NORMALLY: $180
NOW: $91.80
● Coogee Pavilion
Bottle of Gerin Côte Rotie, Rhône Valley, France
NORMALLY: $125
NOW: $63.75
● hemmesphere
Bottle of NV Ruinart Blanc de Blancs, Reims, France
NORMALLY: $200
NOW: $102
Posted by admin on April 17, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Gun-controlled Chicago ended 2016 with nearly 800 homicides throughout the year.
The Chicago Tribune reports that there were a total of 779 homicides between January 1, 2016, and December 31, 2016. That is an increase of 287 homicides over 2015 totals.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
There were 4,385 shootings — fatal and non-fatal combined — in gun-controlled Chicago during 2016. That is an increase of nearly 1,500 shootings over the 2,900 Time magazine reported for 2015.
2016 was marred by shooting after shooting in Chicago. In fact, by early September, the egregious violence in the city was so high that ABC News reported “nearly 12” people had been shot every day in the city from January 1 to the end of August.
Chicago has been a testing ground for gun control for decades. The city put a ban on handgun ownership in place in 1982 and the Tribune reported that the next 10 years witnessed a “41 percent” jump in murders, “compared with an 18 percent rise in the entire United States.” And why shouldn't such a ban lead to an increase in murder? After all, when bans are enacted, only the criminals remain armed.
The ban was overturned in 2010 via the Supreme Court ruling in McDonald v Chicago, but city leaders have worked diligently to preserve the vestiges of the ban at every turn in the road. Municipal and county limits on the number of gun stores allowed in Chicago, together with rules on the locations of those stores and a ridiculous amount of regulation on acquiring and carrying guns for self-defense, have coalesced to guarantee that criminals maintain an advantage similar to what they enjoyed when the ban was in place.
The result of Chicago gun control is self-evident — bloody and repulsive, but self-evident nonetheless.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Denmark looks set to become the next European country to restrict the burqa and the niqab, worn by some Muslim women, after most parties in the Danish parliament backed some sort of ban on facial coverings.
Full and partial face veils such as burqas and niqabs divide opinion across Europe, setting advocates of religious freedom against secularists and those who argue that such garments are culturally alien or a symbol of the oppression of women.
The niqab covers everything but the eyes, while the burqa also covers the eyes with a transparent veil.
France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Bulgaria and the German state of Bavaria have all imposed some restrictions on the wearing of full-face veils in public places.
“This is not a ban on religious clothing, this is a ban on masking,” Jacob Ellemann-Jensen, spokesman for the Liberal Party, told reporters on Friday after his party, the largest in the coalition government, decided to back a ban.
This would effectively mean a ban on the niqab and the burqa, he added. Around 200 women in Denmark wear such garments, according to researchers.
The three-party centre-right minority government, its ally the Danish People's Party and the main opposition Social Democrats have all said they are in favour of a ban, though they are still discussing how the ban should be designed and enforced.
“There will come a masking ban in Denmark. That's how it is,” Foreign Minister Anders Samuelsen said on Facebook.
His party, the Liberal Alliance, had previously been one of the staunchest opponents of a ban, saying it limited people's ability to freely choose their attire, but has now aligned its stance with that of the other coalition parties, the Conservatives and the Liberals.
“So if it is practically possible to have such a ban without betraying ourselves or our own values, then the Liberal Alliance will vote for it,” Samuelsen said.
The Social Democrats, Denmark‘s biggest party, have also signalled support in principle for a ban on garments such as the burqa, which it said oppressed women.
“We are ready to ban the burqa if that is what it takes … But there are some dilemmas, not least with regards to how such a ban would be enforced,” said the Social Democrats' leader Mette Fredriksen during a debate in parliament on Thursday.
Norway's government in June proposed a ban on face-covering Muslim veils in kindergartens, schools and universities.
South African fathers will finally receive paid paternity leave. This follows a Bill that was passed in Parliament on 28 November, which states that fathers will be allowed to spend ten working days at home with their new born baby. Currently fathers who want to stay with their baby and the mother have to take family responsibility leave, which is limited to three days per annual cycle, or put in annual leave. Tabloid Newspapers took to the streets to find out if the community thinks the new Bill is a good idea or not and if 10 days is an ideal number of days for paid paternity leave.
Eunice Maphumulo I think it is a good idea because after labour and especially after delivering a baby by C-section, a mother cannot just start a routine so she will need the father around to help. As a mother, when I had my first baby I had a C-section and I was alone. It was hard to even make my baby's morning bottle. The new bill will also allow the dad to bond with the child and the mother during this time. I think one to two weeks is enough so 10 days is sufficient for paternity leave.
Nicola Ogden
The bill is definitely a good idea. In my situation I was married for five years before I had my first baby and my mum passed away just before I fell pregnant. Then my dad passed away just days before my baby was born.
My husband worked overseas so I was all alone and had to handle things by myself. I had no help. Men should have paid leave for such crisis situations. Not having the dad around is really hard. You do not know what is going to happen and you need help.
Kyra Singh I am for it. Mums are not the only ones having the baby, both parents are. They should be equals and raise the baby together which is fair. I would not want to be alone with the baby at first. It would be good to experience everything together. Ten days are fine, both parents cannot get off from work for too long. It gives you time to find your feet and learn a routine.
Colleen Marais It is a good idea because I definitely think it is important. Very often dads are there at the birth of the baby but are not as supportive when the mother is home alone with the baby. Every culture is different. Some have family help while others do not, like in my culture, we are left alone and have to take care of the baby ourselves. If dads are there then they can make the mum a cup of tea, give her a break to sleep and the like. It is good that South Africa has caught up with the rest of the world. This will encourage dads to be there for their kids, provided that they actually use the ten days for taking care of the baby and not for personal activities. I think ten days are enough.
Adrian Kistensamy
This is excellent. Three days is not enough time because babies are normally in hospital for two days before being discharged. It is not enough time for the father to bond with his new born baby and the mother. Ten days will help with registering the baby and seeing to family and friends who come by to visit at home. The father can entertain and welcome them.
Remona Padayachee
I think this is an excellent idea. This will allow the father time to bond with the newborn baby, offer support to the mother and also for him to adjust to the changes that comes with having a baby. For first time parents especially, it can be very overwhelming. Ten days are sufficient for them to form routines and adjust to life as a parent. With it being paid leave it also relieves financial concerns and allows both parents to experience the joy of just being parents.
PARIS | Baby milk maker Lactalis and French authorities have ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination.
The French company, one of the world's largest dairy groups, said it was warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1.
According to a list published on the French health ministry's website, the recall affects customers in countries around the world, including: Britain and Greece in Europe, Morocco and Sudan in Africa, Peru and Colombia in South America and Pakistan, Bangladesh and China in Asia. The United States, a major market for Lactalis, is not affected.
FILE - This Monday, Aug. 22, 2016 file photo shows a general view of the Lactalis headquarters in Laval, western France. Baby milk maker Lactalis and French authorities have ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination. Company spokesman Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday Dec. 11, 2017, that the "precautionary" recall both in France and abroad affects "several million" products made since mid-February. (AP Photo/David Vincent, File) A notice warns customers of precautionary recall of products in a supermarkert of Lille, northern France, Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Baby milk maker Lactalis and French authorities have ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination. The French company, one of the largest dairy groups in the world, said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1. (AP Photo/Michel Spingler) A drugstore employee removes baby milk boxes from the stock in Anglet, southwestern France, Monday, Dec.11, 2017. Baby milk maker Lactalis and French authorities have ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination. The French company, one of the largest dairy groups in the world, said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1. (AP Photo/Bob Edme) Baby milk boxes have been removed from shelves in a drugstore in Anglet, southwestern France, Monday, Dec.11, 2017. Baby milk maker Lactalis and French authorities have ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination. The French company, one of the largest dairy groups in the world, said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1. (AP Photo/Bob Edme)
Company spokesman Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the “precautionary” recall involves “several million” products made since mid-February.
Lactalis said in a statement that the 26 cases of infection were linked to products branded Picot SL, Pepti Junior 1, Milumel Bio 1 and Picot Riz.
It said it is “sincerely sorry for the concern generated by the situation and expresses its compassion and support to the families whose children fell ill.”
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps, diarrhea and fever. Most people recover without treatment.
The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site. Disinfection and cleaning measures have been put in place at the suspected site in western France.
The health scare started earlier this month when Lactalis was told that 20 infants under six months of age had been diagnosed with salmonella infection. The company ordered a first recall that has been extended to more products at the request of French authorities following new reports of infections.
Lactalis is a privately held company headquartered in Laval, western France. It has 75,000 employees in 85 countries and annual revenues of about 17 billion euros ($20 billion). Its other notable brands include President and Galbani cheeses and Parmalat milk.
B.C. Hydro contractors have run into “geotechnical and construction challenges” that mean the Site C dam project will not be able to make its target of diverting the Peace River in the summer of 2019.
B.C. Hydro president Chris O'Riley confirmed the delay in a letter to the B.C. Utilities Commission, estimating an extra cost of $610 million that brings the total estimate to $8.9 billion for the most expensive construction project in B.C. history.
O'Riley said there is enough money in the project's contingency fund for the cost, and a “one-year float” in the project schedule means it can still be completed as scheduled by November 2024. Other risks remain, including a road realignment to avoid evicting the last two holdout farming couples who live on the narrow riverside land and have already been paid in an expropriation to make way for the dam.
“Due to the project's complexity, we expect to continue to face risks in other areas, including our second largest procurement (i.e. the generating station and spillway) that remains open and the highway realignment,” O'Riley wrote. “We will work to mitigate those challenges.”
The project is undergoing a review by the commission on the orders of Premier John Horgan, who made it a prominent issue during his years as NDP opposition leader. Under a tight deadline of Nov. 1 to make recommendations to the B.C. cabinet, the commission has already noted that Site C has been drawing heavily on contingency funds to deal with a tension crack in the riverbank and other issues.
Energy Minister Michelle Mungall said the delay is not a result of the NDP government's review, ordered after former B.C. Hydro CEO Jessica Macdonald was fired this summer. The new government has commissioned reports on the cost of delaying or abandoning the project, which O'Riley says should continue after two years of work and nearly $2 billion spent.
“Despite the challenges we have encountered and the risks that remain, our analysis continues to confirm that completing Site C as planned is still the most cost-effective option for our customers,” O'Riley said. “Suspending or terminating and finding the power we need from other sources – which carries its own set of uncertainties – would cost billions more than completing Site C.”
Ankara has good reasons for bringing its gold back from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, analysts told Sputnik, referring to increasing tensions between Washington and Ankara, which have triggered nothing short of a crisis of confidence.
Turkey's decision to repatriate its gold reserves from the US could have been prompted by fears of possible US sanctions over the Zarrab case and potential confrontation with Washington over Syria, suggests Turkish economist and author Mustafa Sonmez.
"The Central Bank of Turkey held part of its gold reserves in the Federal Reserve System of the United States, the Bank of England and the Bank for International Settlements," Sonmez told Sputnik Turkey. "However, it became known that in 2017 Turkey had withdrawn bout 30 tons of its gold reserves from the US Federal Reserve and redirected them to two different organizations. Not only gold reserves were transferred from America, but also bonds, that means that [Turkey's] accounts [in the US] were nullified."
According to the Turkish economist, Ankara had at least two reasons for this step: "First, it was the tension in US-Turkish relations," he noted, highlighting that Washington is about to announce its decision on the case of Reza Zarrab , a gold trader who helped Iran escape sanctions through fraudulent transactions.
Zarrab cooperated with US prosecutors and testified against Deputy CEO of Turkey's Halkbank Hakan Atilla and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, claiming that the latter could have been aware of the deal.
Sonmez believes that Washington could impose sanctions on the Turkish banking system, most notably, Halkbank.
Second, there are serious concerns about the outcome of the ongoing confrontation between Ankara and Washington over Middle Eastern affairs, the economist highlighted.
For his part, Enver Erkan, Turkish economist and GCM securities expert, opined that the situation is unusual for Turkey.
"During the Second World War, when [Nazi Germany leader Adolf] Hitler posed a threat to Europe, many countries transferred their gold reserves to the United States due to their geographical location and for security reasons. As a result, part of Turkey's gold reserves were placed in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. However, since 2002 Turkey has begun to recollect its gold assets, which were kept in various countries. The same is done by other countries, but it was all caused by Germany," the expert emphasized.
© AP Photo / Michael Probst Coming Home: Germany Displays its Repatriated Gold Bullion Reserves
According to Erkan, the transportation of bullion reserves takes a lot of time due to safety reasons. He explained that it is impossible to transfer all stocks at a time, highlighting that between 2016 and 2017, Turkey had managed to repatriate 220 tons of gold.
The economist echoed Sonmez, suggesting that Ankara's decision to remove its gold from the US Federal Reserve Bank could have been triggered by security concerns. Being stored outside the country, gold reserves could become subject to debate, he emphasized, adding that recently, "US-Turkish relations have come to the point when they prompt a crisis of confidence."
Erkan explained that a substantial part of gold stocks withdrawn from the US was redirected to the Bank of England and the Bank for International Settlements.
"Of course, in the current situation, one could argue about the extent to which the UK is reliable, but I believe that Turkey has taken a strategic step," the economist noted.
He highlighted that the Bank of England remains one of the most reliable gold depositories in the world. Additionally, the financial institution makes it possible to obtain currency in exchange for bullion. According to Erkan, storing all of Turkey's gold reserves in domestic vaults resembles nothing less than hiding one's money under the mattress.
The Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey (CBRT) has repatriated its gold from the Federal Reserve System of the United States, according to the bank's annual report.
The Milliyet newspaper wrote that the largest Turkish private banks responded to the call of President Erdoğan "to get rid of the pressure of the exchange rate and use gold against the US dollar" and withdrew their bullion from abroad. In general, Turkey has repatriated 220 tons of the precious metal, including 28.7 tons which were brought back from the US in 2017.
According to World Gold Council estimates, Turkey's gold reserves amount to 591 tons, making the country the 11th largest holder of the yellow metal.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the speakers and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
Pretoria - The department of military veterans on Friday said it was deeply concerned after receiving information that there were some military veterans planning to undertake "an illegal march" to its offices in Pretoria next week.
"The department acknowledges and respects the constitutional rights of the military veterans to raise their issues with the department regarding the benefits the department provides, as well as related services. However the department urges the military veterans to do so in line with the laws of the country and to use the channels which have been established for this purpose," spokesperson Mbulelo Musi said in a statement.
"The department is in constant engagement with South African National Military Veterans Association (SANMVA) and its affiliates to find seamless mechanism to provide the 11 benefits outlined in the Military Veterans Act 18 of 2011."
Musi said currently the department was working hard to process more than 11 000 applications for both basic and higher education support benefit for the academic year 2018, working with SANMVA and its affiliates.
"The department therefore urges the military veterans and their dependents to desist from engaging in illegal protests and to work with the Department and their associations in finding lasting solutions to resolve the matters at hand," said Musi.
"The department is currently working with law enforcement agencies to ensure that the safety of staff as well as the property will not be endangered."
African News Agency/ANA
Like us on Facebook
VOL. 41 | NO. 49 | Friday, December 08, 2017
US stocks edge higher in early trading; oil prices rise The Associated Press Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
U.S. stock indexes edged higher in early trading Monday as gains in technology and energy companies outweighed losses among makers of packaged foods and other consumer goods. The start of trading in Bitcoin futures helped lift shares in companies that accept the virtual currency. Oil prices rose.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,655 as of 10:07 a.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 37 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,366. The Nasdaq composite added 15 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,855. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 2 points, or 0.2 percent, to 1,524.
CENTRAL BANK WATCH: Investors have their eye this week on the Federal Reserve, which is scheduled to issue an interest rate policy update on Wednesday. The Fed is expected to lift rates by 0.25 percent. That would be the third interest rate hike by the central bank this year.
TECH SWELL: Gains among technology companies helped lift the market. Advanced Micro Devices rose 12 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $10.06.
BITCOIN: Trading in Bitcoin futures began Sunday. They fell slightly in early trading Monday from their overnight high on the Chicago Board Options Exchange. The contract that expires in January was trading at $17,800. The price of an actual bitcoin has soared since it began the year below $1,000 and on Friday was at $16,551 on the private exchange Coindesk.
Overstock.com, which accepts Bitcoin, surged $7.63, or 16.9 percent, to $52.70.
ICAHN DO IT: Xerox shares rose on news that Carl Icahn will nominate four directors to the company's board. One Xerox director linked to Icahn resigned as the activist investor called off a standstill agreement with Xerox that started in June 2016. Xerox added 18 cents, or 0.6 percent, to $29.77.
UNAPPETIZING: Several packaged food and beverage stocks were trading lower. Hormel Foods slid 51 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $36.73.
BONDS: Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.36 percent from 2.38 percent late Friday.
ENERGY: The price of oil edged up, with benchmark U.S. crude gaining 19 cents to $57.56 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 46 cents to $63.86 per barrel in London.
The pickup in oil prices helped boost energy sector stocks. Chesapeake Energy added 12 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $3.80.
CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 113.42 yen from 113.51 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1789 from $1.1768.
MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Europe, Germany's DAX was little changed, while the CAC 40 in France slipped 0.1 percent. Britain's added 0.8 percent. Earlier in Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index climbed 0.6 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 1.0 percent. The S&P ASX 200 in Australia edged 0.1 percent higher. South Korea's Kospi picked up 0.3 percent. India's Sensex rose 0.2 percent. Shares in Southeast Asia also rose.
There's another baby in Ginger Zee‘s forecast!
The Good Morning America chief meteorologist announced on Twitter that she and her husband Ben Aaron Colonomos are expecting their second child in February.
“Adrian already asking to hold his little brother😉💙💙💙 new baby boy coming February 2018,” Zee, 36, wrote alongside a photo of her 19-month-old son holding an ultrasound picture.
Adrian already asking to hold his little brother😉💙💙💙new baby boy coming February 2018! pic.twitter.com/NHLYFjEJcH — Ginger Zee (@Ginger_Zee) August 14, 2017
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
FROM PEN: How Today's Savannah Guthrie Copes With a Toddler, a Newborn AND 3 a.m. Wake-Up Calls!
She also broke the news during the morning forecast on the ABC show, hinting at a baby bump as she projected the week's weather.
“Another baby! Another boy!” she said after hugging her fellow anchors. “I feel good … five months left – [my belly is] gonna get big. That's why I had to tell everybody because it's already happening.”
Zee and Colonomos wed in June 2014.
Trump has long made the WTO a preferred target of its "America First" policy, threatening to pull Washington out of the trade organization it says is hampering its ability to compete
Published 9:22 AM, December 12, 2017
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina – The top US trade representative launched a broadside at the World Trade Organization (WTO) on Monday, December 11, accusing it of losing its focus on trade negotiation and becoming a "litigation-centered" body.
"Too often members seem to believe they can gain concessions through lawsuits that they could never get at the negotiating table," Robert Lighthizer told the WTO ministerial conference in Buenos Aires.
He also criticized special treatment given to some countries because of their allegedly dubious development status.
The comments by Lighthizer, President Donald Trump's top trade representative, had been much anticipated at the conference held every two years – the first of the Trump era.
Trump has long made the WTO a preferred target of its "America First" policy, threatening to pull Washington out of the trade organization it says is hampering its ability to compete.
"We cannot sustain a situation in which new rules can only apply to the few, and that other will be given a pass in the name of self-proclaimed development status," said Lighthizer, referring to countries like China and India.
"There is something wrong, in our view, when five of the six richest countries in the world presently claim developing country status."
Countries claiming development status at the WTO are given concessions, including longer transitions periods, before being required to fully implement agreements.
Trump has long protested that the body's multilateralism is hampering US trade at the expense of bilateral deals.
The US president has already withdrawn Washington from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and insisted on renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Mexico and Canada.
France meanwhile backed the call of the host, President Mauricio Macri of Argentina, that "WTO problems get fixed with more WTO – not with less WTO."
"France is attached to multilateralism. We don't want that framework to be called into question," said French minister Jean-Baptiste Lemoyne, though he acknowledged that "there are improvements to be made."
Final declaration in doubt
Washington has been accused of strangling the WTO's dispute settlement system by blocking the appointment of new judges to the body.
Lemoyne expressed fears that the WTO's dispute settlement body would be paralyzed in a few months.
Lighthizer told the meeting, however, that it was "impossible to negotiate new rules when many of the current ones are not being followed.
"This is why the United States is leading a discussion on the need to correct the sad performance of many members in notifications and transparency."
"Some members are intentionally circumventing these obligations, and addressing these lapses will remain a top US priority," he said.
The US stance has cast doubt on the ability of the conference to produce a joint statement Wednesday on the final day of the conference.
WTO Director-General Roberto Azevedo said Sunday that he would ask Lighthizer to show "political commitment, political will and flexibility."
"Without flexibility we will not get anywhere," Azevedo told reporters. – Rappler.com
When the minimum wage goes up, the robots come for people's jobs. That's the upshot of a paper published today on the National Bureau of Economic Research's website ( abstract , full PDF paywalled), which analyzed how changes to the minimum wage from 1980… Read more
When the minimum wage goes up, the robots come for people's jobs. That's the upshot of a paper published today on the National Bureau of Economic Research's website (abstract, full PDF paywalled), which analyzed how changes to the minimum wage from 1980 to 2015 affected low-skill jobs in various sectors of the U.S. economy.
Federal minimum wage is currently $7.25 an hour, the same level it's been at since 2009. But 30 states have laws on the books that mandate a higher wage—it's $11 in Washington State, for example, and Seattle recently voted to phase in a pay hike that would bring it to $15 by 2022. Such measures are designed to ensure that "minimum wage" is the same thing as a "living wage."
Interestingly, a study of Seattle's new law, released in June, suggested that cuts to working hours meant people were actually losing as $125 a month.
The new analysis, by Grace Lorden of the London School of Economics and David Neumark at the University of California, Irvine, suggests that there's a similar negative effect among people who work minimum-wage jobs that machines can do. The researchers found that across all industries they measured, raising minimum wage by $1 equates to a decline in "automatable" jobs—things like packing boxes or operating a sewing machine—of 0.43 percent.
That may not sound like much, but we're talking about millions of jobs across the entire U.S. economy. And certain industries were affected far more than others—in manufacturing, an uptick of $1 in minimum wage drove employment in automatable jobs down a full percentage point.
Of course, we know that automation is already gobbling up jobs in the U.S. (see "Who Will Own the Robots?"). This latest study suggests that even wage policies designed to help America's workforce may instead be speeding up that process.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
This June the University of Geneva will launch the largest citizen science project yet conceived, enlisting hundreds of thousands of video gamers in the search for undiscovered exoplanets. The project will be launched in EVE Online, a video game set in a fictional galaxy that players tour in spaceships as they compete for resources and dominance of virtual territory.
The effort shows how the limits of algorithmic automation can be overcome through clever crowdsourcing, and it shows how the communities built around video games can be tapped to perform useful tasks.
In conjunction with Massively Multiplayer Online Science (MMOS), a company that pairs game makers with scientists, EVE players will be given access to 167,000 light curve images, collected by the European Space Agency satellite CoRoT, which launched in December 2006. “To date, scientists have found around 30 planets inside the data set,” said Michel Mayor, winner of the 2017 Wolf Prize for Physics and discoverer of the first exoplanet. “We estimate there are around a dozen undiscovered planets still hidden within the images.”
For centuries astronomers suspected that there may be other planets beyond the ones found in our own solar system. But it wasn't until 1992 that humans had the means to detect and verify the existence of these so-called exoplanets, using high-power telescopes and spectrometer technology. More than 3,600 exoplanets have been discovered since then. Most have been found using a technique known as transit photometry, which detects minor changes in light whenever a planet passes in front of the star around which it orbits. By measuring the length and regularity of this dimming effect, a great deal of information about the planet can be extrapolated, including its radius, mass, and density.
In recent years computer algorithms have been able to sift through much of the huge amount of data collected to date by various exoplanet-hunting satellites and telescopes, leading to, most recently, NASA's discovery of three potentially life-sustaining planets in the relatively close TRAPPIST-1 system. Algorithms, however, are only able to parse the most straightforward light data. More complicated imagery that features lots of noise, or irregular spikes in the light curves, can be read only by humans. The amount of manpower required to sift through the information presents a problem for exoplanet-hunting scientists.
The exoplanet project will be folded into EVE Online's existing fiction and narrative (a virtual version of Mayor will “run” the project in-game). At the height of the game's popularity, there were more than half a million players. C.C.P., the Reykjavik, Iceland-based company that makes EVE Online, no longer reports player numbers.
When players happen upon something interesting, an alert will be sent to the game's developers. The object will then be checked against a list of known planets. After five separate players have sent an alert for the same image, it will then be sent to the University of Geneva for further investigation.
It's not the first time that EVE Online's player base has contributed to scientific research. For the past year, players have been helping to map the Human Protein Atlas, a Swedish-run effort to catalogue proteins and the genes that encode them in both normal tissue and cancerous tumors. In that case, players were able to, at any point, take a break from their dogfighting, mining, and trading to play a simple game within the game, marking differences between hundreds of thousands of microscopic images. Players threw themselves into the work: the data set was fully marked within just three weeks.
The search for exoplanets won't be completed so quickly. Once the data set from CoRoT has been completed, the game will be fed a new data set, from Kepler, NASA's space observatory, which was responsible for finding the potentially life-sustaining planets in the TRAPPIS1 system. “It has endless potential to scale,” says Bergur Finnbogason, one of the game's designers.
More broadly, the dream behind these experiments is, Mayor says, to find the existence of life in the universe. “We already have the technology to detect chloride and other molecules that facilitate vegetation. It will not be easy, but it is possible.”
A Mercedes sign is seen on the car before the Daimler annual shareholder meeting in Berlin, Germany, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
FILE PHOTO - Werner Struth, member of the board of management of Robert Bosch GmbH, talks about automotive technology during a Bosch news conference at the 2017 CES in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S., January 4, 2017. REUTERS/Steve Marcus/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - A company logo on BOSCH building is pictured at the company's new research and advance development centre Campus Renningen during a guided media tour in Renningen, Germany, September 30, 2015. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski/File Photo
FRANKFURT Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler and supplier Robert Bosch [ROBG.UL] are teaming up to develop self-driving cars in an alliance aimed at accelerating the production of "robo-taxis".
The pact between the world's largest maker of premium cars and the world's largest automotive supplier forms a powerful counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi which are also working on self-driving cars.
Technology companies and carmakers are striving to adjust to a shifting landscape in the auto industry as consumers increasingly use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying cars.
The alliance not only marks an end to Daimler's efforts to develop an autonomous car largely on its own, but moves the auto industry's ambitions beyond simply developing prototype vehicles towards industrial-scale production of self-driving cars.
Financial terms were not disclosed of the deal between the two German companies, which was announced on Tuesday.
Bosch - which was founded in 1886, the same year that Mercedes founder Carl Benz patented the motorcar - will develop software and algorithms needed for autonomous driving together with the carmaker.
Bosch said Mercedes would be able to use the jointly developed system for two years before it could be offered to competitors.
The deal will help the automotive supplier make up ground in a competitive autonomous driving system sector where rivals Continental, Delphi, ZF [ZFF.UL] and others have also made heavy investments.
For Daimler and its Mercedes division, teaming up with Bosch helps them throw more engineering resources at autonomous cars, allowing them to speed up the process of creating a production-ready system for autonomous cars by several years.
The autonomous system will now be ready by the beginning of next decade, Daimler said, without disclosing when it had first envisaged the commercial launch of automated taxis, or robo-taxis.
"The prime objective of the project is to achieve the production-ready development of a driving system which will allow cars to drive fully autonomously in the city," Daimler said in a statement on Tuesday.
The company will continue to build and sell vehicles that can be manually operated by individual drivers.
CAR COMES TO DRIVER
The market for advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous vehicles is expected to grow from about $3 billion in 2015 to $96 billion in 2025 and $290 billion in 2035, Goldman Sachs said last year.
Daimler is focusing its efforts on the app-based car-sharing and ride-hailing sector dominated by China's Didi, and U.S.-based Uber [UBER.UL] and Lyft. Like autonomous cars, this market is a big global growth area and is expected to expand by 28 percent a year to 2030, according to consultancy McKinsey.
"Within a specified area of town, customers will be able to order an automated shared car via their smartphone. The vehicle will then make its way autonomously to the user," Daimler said. "The idea behind it is that the vehicle should come to the driver rather than the other way round."
The cutthroat competition to launch self-driven cars has forced carmakers to shift strategy from an evolutionary towards a revolutionary approach.
Instead of evolving driver assistance systems to achieve full autonomy, carmakers are now experimenting with radical car designs combined with software-driven development - which has led to alliances with technology companies.
Mercedes-Benz's arch rival BMW teamed up with Israeli autonomous vehicle tech company Mobileye and chipmaker Intel last year to develop new technology that could put autonomous cars on the road by 2021.
Intel has since agreed to buy Mobileye for $15.3 billion, a deal which followed Qualcomm's $47 billion move to acquire Dutch automotive chip supplier NXP.
Before deciding to partner with Bosch, Mercedes-Benz had two engineering teams, totaling about 500 people, working on autonomous vehicles. One took an evolutionary approach, upgrading the capabilities of conventional vehicles, while the other team took a more radical approach to the car's design.
Bosch and Mercedes did not disclose how many additional engineers they would assign to the teams in Stuttgart and Silicon Valley.
"Cars which do not rely on any driver input have a different architecture and sensor setup, with more radar and cameras," Christoph von Hugo, a senior Mercedes-Benz safety manager, told Reuters at a recent event to present safety systems.
NO STEERING WHEEL NEEDED
The current Mercedes E-Class can cruise without driver input on highways, keeping the distance to the car in front and staying in lane using a system which has "level 2" autonomy.
Full autonomy - known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel.
"We don't want to wait until level 3 has arrived before we start with level 4/5. That will be too late," von Hugo said, adding the prospect of new revenue streams from maintaining fleets of robo-taxis was a big motivating factor for doubling up the carmaker's R&D efforts.
Autonomous vehicles came closer to road-going reality after Google unveiled a prototype car which it developed with the help of Bosch back in 2012. Mercedes-Benz responded by developing an S-class limousine that drove 103 km (64 miles) between the German towns of Mannheim and Pforzheim a year later.
Real commercial applications for autonomous cars will start to take off between 2020 and 2025, Ola Kaellenius, Daimler board member and head of Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars development told Reuters last month.
"If you take the robo-taxi, you start perhaps in a city or several cities or areas of cities, and then you grow from there," he said. "The key is to get to something that you can commercialise, scale up."
Bosch is already one of the world's largest suppliers of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and recently announced an alliance with U.S. tech firm Nvidia to develop a self-driving computer for production cars. Mercedes-Benz and auto supplier ZF also have separate alliances with Nvidia.
The Bosch-Daimler alliance will rely on high-definition mapping systems provided by HERE, the digital mapping firm owned by BMW, Mercedes, Audi and Intel.
(Editing by Pravin Char and Mark Potter)
By Dr. Disc
Mellow Matt's Music & More
Bowling Green, Kentucky
Address: 1200 Smallhouse Rd, Unit C, Bowling Green, KY Shop Hours: M-Sat 10-8, Sunday 12-5 Phone: (270)-780-0068 Web Site: www.mellowmatts.com
STOCK 8
This store not only has a good selection of music formats — 45s, CDs, cassettes and LPs — but they also have posters, old music magazines, stickers, 8-tracks, tapestries and stereo equipment. I even found some Elvis plates.
STAFF 9
Mellow Matt (Matt Pfefferkorn) is a good guy. I had the opportunity to watch him interact with several customers while I was there. He knows the music business and has worked in record stores for over 23 years.
STORE 9
This college town record store is one of the better college town record stores I have visited. Easy to see what Matt has to offer and everything is categorized. The walls are covered with everything music and Matt was spinning some great music while I visited.
SELECTION 9
A very large country music section but an equally impressive classic rock section. Matt stocks new and used records where you can find all styles of music. He even has a special section for K-Tel and Ronco records!
SPECIAL MENTION
The store participates in Record Store Day. They will have six bands performing all day long and special “Print Mafia” posters for the event. And four of the bands performing will have their own RSD releases available that day.
A Florida middle school teacher and youth sports coach killed himself Friday while on the run from federal charges related to child pornography, PEOPLE confirms.
Corey DeJuan Perry, 33, who taught at H.L. Watkins Middle School in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, was named on March 28 in a federal arrest warrant for production of child pornography, receipt of child pornography, and enticement.
He had last been seen two days earlier in Fort Lauderdale, according to the Miami office of the FBI. On April 7, authorities found his rental vehicle in Fort Lauderdale with the keys inside and the doors unlocked.
The FBI had offered a reward up to $25,000 for information leading to his arrest and conviction. After tracking Perry to Nashville, Tennessee, where authorities said he had relatives, FBI agents who arrived at the Delux Inn to arrest the former teacher found him wounded from an “apparent self-inflicted gunshot to the head,” the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department announced on Twitter.
Perry, of West Palm Beach, Florida, later was pronounced dead at Nashville's Skyline Medical Center, police say.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
The FBI said “several victims and witnesses have come forward” to provide information that informed the charges against Perry, but further details of his alleged crimes remained sealed.
“As a lifelong educator, I'm disgusted at what I have learned,” Palm Beach County Schools Superintendent Robert Avossa said at a news conference March 29, reports the Miami Herald. “He has hurt innocent children.”
Avossa said authorities had identified several child victims via electronics that were seized from Perry's home under a search warrant, and that some of those were students in the Palm Beach County Schools. In addition to teaching, Perry coached boys basketball in tournaments across three South Florida counties.
“This individual has embarrassed his school, his community and his entire profession by harming the most important thing entrusted to him, our students,” Avossa said. “He broke a sacred professional code. And I cannot and will not forgive him for that.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TUKWILA, Wash. — A man who had left notes at Washington State bus stops seeking to buy underage girls' underwear showed up for a meeting with an undercover detective with a gun, machete, hatchet, tarp, duct tape and camera, the King County Sheriff's Office said Monday
Darren Frederick Jones, a 42-year-old man identified as a Boeing employee, was arrested last Wednesday and charged with child sex-related crimes. He has been released on $50,000 bail, according to KCPQ.
The investigation began when high school students reported notes they found at bus stops along International Boulevard South in the Tukwila area offering cash for girls' underwear.
Authorities say a detective posing as a 14-year-old girl texted the number and the suspect agreed to meet with her. According to charging documents, in addition to offering to pay $80 for her underwear, Jones agreed to pay the 'girl' $300 if he could make "sexual contact" with her and $2,000 if she would agree to take photos in her underwear and nude photos.
The sheriff's office says the suspect was arrested when he showed up at what he thought was the 14-year-old girl's residence and asked her to come out to his truck.
Authorities say that in Jones' truck they found a handgun, machete, a hatchet, $2,380 in cash and a camera.
Jones was charged with attempted commercial sex abuse with a minor and communicating with a minor for immoral purposes.
By: Rebecca Turco
Email: rturco@abc6.com
PROVIDENCE, R.I. - Student activists in Providence are taking their fight for stricter gun control to the nation's capital, days after roughly 1,000 students marched to the State House.
Nearly 150 of these students are joining a nationwide movement, called the March for Our Lives. It's organized by the survivors of the Parkland, Florida school shooting.
One of the students going is Musah Sesay, 16, of Classical High School. "There's an issue here and we really need to start talking about it,” he said. “I hope that the youth can really spark that discussion.”
Sesay is calling on the president to take action by instituting gun buybacks and raising the minimum purchasing age to 21, for starters. "So many students are united against one common enemy that affects them in different ways and different shapes," said Sesay. "At the end of the day, the statistics are still there that there are more guns than people in the country and not everyone really needs a gun or has a gun, so why are there so many guns?"
The Providence Student Union organized the trip, with the help of the Rhode Island Coalition Against Gun Violence. They're looking for community members to help sponsor their journey. For more information, click here.
© WLNE-TV 2018
April 13 Axcelis Technologies Inc
* Axcelis technologies - has received multiple orders for purion h high current, purion xe high energy, and purion exe extended high energy system
* The multiple orders are from several chip manufacturers in asia pacific region
* The systems shipped in q1 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Norwich family is trying to defy the odds, as their two 9-month-old twins were diagnosed with potentially deadly eye tumors.
Scroll for more content...
At just 9 months old, twins Cayden and Carter's happiness shines bright, but behind the innocent smiles and the playful coos, lies physical pain and a struggle that many of us will never experience.
The twins were born prematurely at 34 weeks. Because of that, physical therapy became part of their routine, and it was there, where doctors picked up on something odd.
"I'm not seeing his eyes receiving any light or can see anything in his left eye," said mom of the twins, Tayla Barker.
Doctors told Barker to take them to children's hospital in Boston, where just two weeks ago, they got the diagnosis that changed this family forever.
Both children are battling eye tumors.
"He's got retinal blastoma, which is a cancer in the eye, and I was like, 'excuse me, what'," Barker said.
She delved into the disease and got scared when she learned Cayden's tumor was the largest on the scale.
"A, B, C, D, E. E being the largest," Barker said.
Even though they have a 5- and 9-year-old, the young parents were confronting brand-new challenges and making life-changing decisions like whether or not to remove a body part from their son, and they had to choose quickly.
"We had to sit down and really think about what was going to save his life because if that 'E' tumor didn't get killed by the chemo, it was sitting on top of his optic nerve which was connected to the brain so if it started to travel through that nerve and get to his brain, brain cancer you don't come back from," Barker said.
Cayden's left eye was removed this week. Then, it was Carter's diagnosis. Doctors found his sight is also in jeopardy.
"He has three tumors in his right eye and one in his left eye," Barker said.
On that A-E scale, mom says Carter's tumors are a 'C.' Next week, he begins chemotherapy to save his sight.
"If the chemo doesn't kill the tumors, he could lose his right eye," Barker said.
Both mom and dad still don't know how the tumors formed and because they're so young, the twins couldn't alert their parents that something was wrong, but here they are, just 9 months old, already in a fight for their life.
"The doctor said he's been without vision in that eye for at least two or three months. He (Cayden) doesn't even know the difference, but I do and I always will," Barker said.
Tayla is a paraeducator at Norwich schools and dad Angel works at a restaurant. Both of their lives have been put on hold as they fight for their sons.
Weekly trips to Boston and the medical bills are piling up.
Strangers from around the state are contributing to a GoFundMe page, which can be found here.
Meanwhile, mom Tayla is confident this struggle will form an unbreakable bond between these twins.
"I'm going to need him to be his eyes when he gets bigger," Barker said.
Later this month, there will be a fundraiser dinner for the family in Gales Ferry.
Newcastle Knights star Kalyn Ponga has eight try assists and one try in the first seven rounds of this season and ALL of them have come down the left side, but will any side be able to stop him?
Markus-Cornel Frohnmaier, a member of the Bundestag and an international expert from Germany, who was observing the Russian presidential election, has shared his impressions with Sputnik.
Sputnik: Please, tell us about your experience as an observer at the Russian presidential elections. What is your impression of it?
Markus-Cornel Frohnmaier: We had the opportunity to witness the elections in six polling stations in Moscow. There was a high voter turnout. People had the opportunity to vote free, secret, equal and direct and we didn't witness any problems or violations of the electoral process. So, for us it was a really interesting experience to observe the elections in Russia.
READ MORE: Putin: Russia Will Not Participate in Arms Race (VIDEO)
Sputnik: What was your impression of the technical side of it?
Markus-Cornel Frohnmaier: The difference to the German election was that you're also using these electronic scanners. That was a new thing for us, of course, but I think that creates an opportunity to make it to the result faster. You could see that these scanners were observed with cameras, so it was possible to see if someone tried to manipulate the electoral process. So, I think it was an opportunity to see this kind of new election process.
© Sputnik/ Kirill Kalinnikov Information center of Russia's Central Election Commission of the Russian Federation
Sputnik: More than 15 hundred foreign observers were accredited to monitor these elections in Russia. It certainly points to the fact that the issue of transparency was taken by Russia very seriously. Do you agree with it?
Markus-Cornel Frohnmaier: Yes, of course. I mean we had an opportunity to talk with observers from all over the world. And we could see that for Russia it was really important that a lot of people from all over the world had the opportunity to observe this election process. You know, we could go to every polling station we want, we could ask about everything, we could compare with our standards and, as I told you, in our opinion, everything was well.
Sputnik: Did other observers share your impressions of the whole process?
READ MORE: Putin Has Coherent, Impressive Plan for Russia's Development - Kremlin
Markus-Cornel Frohnmaier: We talked about this in our delegation and I think that other delegations had the same impressions as we have.
Sputnik: Vladimir Putin has already outlined some of the major tasks he is going to address in the near future, the relations with the EU being at the top of the list. Should we expect any changes in his cooperation with Angela Merkel and Germany's new coalition government?
Markus-Cornel Frohnmaier: That's up to the German government. I mean we could see in the past that Angela Merkel's party and also the Social Democrats are not willing to rest in good relations with Russia. I mean, they continue the sanction policy against Russia. And our party, the AfD, is the only party in the German Bundestag who tries to improve the relations with Russia at the moment, because, in our opinion, it's really important to have a good partnership with Russia and we could see in the past all the time when our countries had a good relationship with each other, both countries could benefit.
The views and opinions expressed by Markus-Cornel Frohnmaier are those of the expert and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has named a Nova Scotia judge as the province's new lieutenant-governor.
Arthur LeBlanc, who has been a judge of the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia since 1998, replaces John James Grant in the vice-regal job.
Lieutenant-governors represent the Queen in their respective provinces, handling her roles and functions, including granting royal assent to laws.
Leblanc was born in West Arichat, N.S. in 1943, graduated from St. Francis Xavier University in 1964 with a commerce degree and earned a law degree from Dalhousie University in 1968.
He practised law in the province for 30 years before being named to the bench.
He is married to Rosemarie Patricia (Patsy) LeBlanc and they have three sons and six grandchildren.
The prime minister said LeBlanc is well respected for his legal work, as well as his contributions to and volunteer organizations.
"He is an excellent choice as Nova Scotia's next lieutenant-governor and I have no doubt that he will make many important contributions to the future of his province," Trudeau said in a statement.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
* Canadian dollar settles at C$1.3328, or 75.05 U.S. cents * Loonie reverses after touching strongest since Feb. 28 * Bond prices mixed across flatter yield curve * 10-year, 20-year yields hit nearly 5-month low By Alastair Sharp TORONTO, April 13 The Canadian dollar turned weaker on Thursday after hitting a 6-week high, with investors selling the loonie as geopolitical tensions took on more significance after news that the United States had dropped a massive bomb in Afghanistan. The currency had earlier been boosted by higher oil prices and domestic manufacturing sales that fell less than expected. "Today we're being whipsawed by geopolitical risk, specifically the news about the bomb in Afghanistan," said Mazen Issa, a senior currency strategist at TD Securities. The U.S. military said it dropped "the Mother of All Bombs," the largest non-nuclear device it has ever unleashed in combat, on a network of caves and tunnels used by Islamic State in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday. The fall for the Canadian currency also came as the U.S. dollar rebounded from a heavy hit after U.S. President Donald Trump said the greenback was getting too strong and that he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low. The Canadian dollar settled at C$1.3328 to the greenback, or 75.05 U.S. cents, weaker than the Bank of Canada's official close on Wednesday of C$1.3273, or 75.34 U.S. cents. It gained 0.6 percent over the week, helped by a less dovish tone out of the Bank of Canada on Wednesday. Canadian markets will be closed on Friday for the Good Friday holiday. Prices of oil, one of Canada's major exports, were little changed after a strong week of gains in which crude benchmarks recouped most of March's losses. Canadian manufacturing sales fell 0.2 percent in February after three consecutive months of increases, weighed down by declines in the vehicle assembly sector, data from Statistics Canada showed. The decrease was not as steep as the 0.7 percent decline economists had expected, while sales volumes rose 0.1 percent. "Canadian manufacturing is still on an upward trajectory, and will contribute solidly to GDP growth" said Bill Adams, senior international economist at The PNC Financial Services Group in a research note. Canadian government bond prices were mixed across a flatter yield curve, with the two-year down half a cent to yield 0.728 percent and the 10-year price up 10 Canadian cents to yield 1.494 percent, its lowest since November. The 20-year issue and U.S. benchmark yields also hovered near a five-month trough. (Additional reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Bernard Orr and James Dalgleish)
[India], June 15 (ANI): A father carried the dead body of her minor daughter on the district medical stretcher to his village, in perhaps yet another shameful incident.
The minor, Alibha Pradhan, died on June 12.
While on the way, the Phulbani Town Police stopped the father and arranged a Mahaprayana, a government dead body-carrying vehicle, and sent the body to the village.
Kandhamal's Collector Dr. Brunda D. has ordered an enquiry into the incident.
The Project Director of District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) Tusar Kant Mohanty has been investigating the case after visiting the district medical and has questioned different officials. He also visited the village of the deceased girl.
"Today, he might submit the report and stringent action will be taken against the accused," said the collector. "An internal enquiry has been conducted and everything will be clear after the enquiry," said Kandhamal's Chief District Medical Officer (CDMO). Notably, last year after Dana Majhi incident, the Odisha Government had launched the Mahaprayan scheme under which the government provides hearse service to the beneficiaries for carrying the dead body from hospital to their intended destination. It is interesting to note that it was the same collector and the DM, who was also the DM of Kalahandi during the Dana Majhi incident. Following the incident, she was transferred to Kandhamal. (ANI)
Between 500 to 600 high school football coaches from throughout the Deep South have converged at the Golden Nugget Hotel and Casino for the 55th annual Gulf Coast Coaching Clinic.
NUI Galway has been named The Sunday Times University of the Year and Trinity College Dublin is the runner-up in The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2018. The special 16-page supplement will be published free with The Sunday Times this Sunday, October 8, with extended coverage in its tablet and online editions.
Athlone Institute of Technology is The Sunday Times Institute of Technology of the Year, while Letterkenny IT is the runner-up. The guide contains Ireland's only league table that measures the performance of all 21 multi-faculty third-level institutions.
NUI Galway is the University of the Year for the third time since the guide was first published in 2002. The university first won the award in 2002 and again in 2009.
The university has a reputation as a centre of excellence in relation to medical technology, as evidenced by the launch in September 2016 of Curam, Science Foundation Ireland's (SFI) centre for research in medical devices. The centre promotes links between academia and industry partners. The SFI and various companies will invest €49m over six years, with €19m more in funding coming from the EU's Horizon 2020 programme.
The quality of academic staff at NUI Galway is also crucial to the university's success, with a number of professors such as Henry Curran, Colin O'Dowd, Donal O'Regan and Dr Ronan Sulpice named among the world's most highly cited researchers in an analysis of published research by multinational group Clarivite Analytics.
Research citations have helped the university rise further up the international university rankings this year. Academics garnered around €89,000 per head in research income in the Good University Guide's latest survey of research power.
NUI Galway boasts the best job prospects of any university in the republic with an impressively low three per cent graduate unemployment rate, together with one of the best progression rates, which sees 88% of students complete their studies.
More than 260 students took part in NUI Galway access and foundation courses this year, with 150 receiving an offer of entry. In total, the access programme office has 1,100-plus undergraduates on its books.
NUI Galway's openness to alternative means of teaching and learning is evident, too, in its work with the Irish language. The university is close to the Connemara Gaeltacht, the largest Irish-speaking area in the country and as such NUI Galway celebrates and promotes the Irish language offering classes from beginner to advanced level as well as programmes taught through the medium of Irish.
Athlone Institute of Technology (AIT) has been named Institute of Technology of the Year 2017. AIT's strength comes from identifying areas of skills shortage and working with businesses to improve links between enterprise and academia.
AIT's association with polymer engineering is particularly strong, with PhD graduates each year, plus level 8 honours degrees in the area and applied and basic research. And the IT is now also the lead provider for a new three-year apprenticeship that leads to a BSc in polymer processing, one of the first of the new employer-led apprenticeships in the country. These address an important gap in the market and one that is on trend: IBEC groups in the medical technology and polymer sectors launched three new apprenticeship schemes this summer.
AIT also identified a skills shortage in the biopharma and medtech sector and, after two years in development, has launched a degree in microbiology — the only course of its type offered through the CAO.
However the focus of AIT is not solely based on science as the Institute recently developed a progressive new educational and training programme for social care students together with non-governmental organisation (NGO) Genio. A supported self-directed living (SSDL) certificate course teaches practitioners how to enable people living with a disability, mental health issue or dementia to move from being marginalised into living full lives in their communities.
Russian researchers have developed a technique to cover larger areas in a forest fire by almost completely evaporating water in a flame, promoting a dramatic drop in temperature.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Researchers from the Tomsk Polytechnic University have developed a method for extinguishing forest fires through the explosive breakup of drops in a flame with subsequent enhancement of water evaporation in the fire zone and to purify water, the International Journal of Thermal Sciences reported.
This technique will help break up water droplets to release a fine aerosol, thus covering larger areas in a forest fire. This method can also be put to good use in heat energy applications and for thermic and fire water cleaning.
The method adds various properties to water, such as hard carbonaceous or metallic particles, particles of limestone, salt, sand and other things. The suspension is sprayed to make the bulk of the water break up into drops. Hard particles heat up faster than water and a droplet measuring several millimeters then explodes before it has time to evaporate, dissolving into numerous micron-size droplets.
READ MORE: No Doomsday, but Close: Blood-Red Sun, Extraordinary Gloom Unnerve Nordics
Not long ago, researchers experimented with the explosive breakup of heterogeneous water droplets under high-temperatures (800 — 1200 K) typical of fires, using water droplets with 1-3 mm special-purpose inclusions.
"While experimenting in the laboratory with single heterogeneous water droplets, we identified conditions for an intensive breakup into several hundred small droplets. We have shown that the evaporation surface area of the liquid increases by 3-15 times during such fragmentation. This effect is important for the most complete water evaporation in a flame during the extinguishing process. It promotes a dramatic drop in temperature in a flame zone by consuming the heat of endothermic phase change, inducing an intense convective heat exchange, and blocking oxidizer from the reaction zone. Field tests using water suspension with opaque inclusions show that the heterogeneous droplet flow enables a dramatic drop in temperature in a fire zone as compared to water without additives," Pavel Strizhak, Head of the Department of Heat Energy Process Automation at Tomsk Polytechnic University said.
The tests revealed an increase in liquid surface area and the considerable enhancement of water evaporation in a fire zone. As a result, extinguishing times and water consumption decrease. Both characteristics can be reduced by 30-40 percent compared to water without additives.
[India], May 31 (ANI): Prices for Petrol and diesel have fallen by 7 paise and 5 paise per litre respectively on Thursday.
Petrol in Delhi now costs Rs 78.35 a litre and Diesel 69.25 per litre.
The revised Petrol price in other metro cities are- 80.98 in Kolkata, 86.16 in Mumbai, 81.35 in Chennai
While the revised Diesel price was 71.80 in Kolkata, 73.73 in Mumbai and 73.12 in Chennai.
The fuel price was slashed for the second day after the price remained high for 16 consecutive days.
On Wednesday there was 'a drop' in the rates- of one paisa. The Indian Oil Corporation (IOCL) in a statement clarified that the petrol prices in Delhi have gone down by one paisa and not 60 paise, as reported earlier. (ANI)
THE proposed auction of frequency for the new entrant to the telecommunications industry, the so-called “third player,” might reduce the number of bidders and raise costs for consumers, analysts said.
The analysts and an Internet advocacy group said that an auction of frequency with a minimum bid price of P36.58 billion, could be a barrier to improving service, rather than an incentive for those wanting to be the third player.
The government is deciding whether to allot frequency to the third player through an awarding without a fee or through an auction. The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) supports an awarding of frequency, while the Department of Finance (DoF), a member of the oversight committee for third player selection, is pushing for an auction of frequency.
“The selection process based on HCLOS [the highest committed level of service] is clearly more consumer-centric than the one based on the auction for frequency. The second model has several variables that could potentially be counterintuitive to the main purpose of the third telco's entry (i.e., improve and lower the cost of telco services) and simply just invite controversy,” Sean Agapito, market analyst at IDC Philippines, said in an e-mail interview.
“For instance, the auction of frequency would force applicants to pay out huge capital unrelated to the development of telco services or establishment of new ICT [information and communications technology] infrastructure. This expense could be easily passed on to consumers.”
Jervin S. de Celis, equities trader at Timson Securities, Inc. said that interested parties may be discouraged by the auction requirement and will leave the field to cash-rich companies, or those with a foreign partner.
“I think [that the companies may be turned off by the auction price]. The price of P36 billion is too hefty… so it might become a little difficult for the new entrants to raise cash just to acquire the frequency that the DoF plans to auction, unless the entrant is already cash-rich or has a foreign partner to shell out the needed funds to acquire the frequencies.”
Mary Grace Mirandilla-Santos, independent researcher and lead convener of Internet advocacy group Better Broadband Alliance (BBA) said the higher cost to be shouldered by the new player, which can be passed on to consumers, will be contrary to the aim of getting a new competitor to the incumbents, PLDT, Inc. and Globe Telecom, Inc.
“The objectives of the third telco selection process should be clear: (1) ease of entry for a new player and (2) better and more affordable telecom services for the consumer. In line with this, the BBA is in favor of the (terms of reference) that awards a license and assigns spectrum based on the HCLOS plus highest committed investment (HCI),” Ms. Santos said in a mobile message.
“…If the auction results in a high bid price, it is highly likely that the selected third telco would work to recover the cost by passing it on to the consumer. That would defeat the purpose of putting a new player in place who will compete with the duopoly,” she added.
DICT Acting Secretary Eliseo M. Rio, Jr. has expressed opposition to the DoF's plan, saying that an auction will be anti-competitive because the incumbents did not have to undergo an auction, only a “beauty contest,” thereby placing a big burden on the new player by forcing it to pay out a large amount that has nothing to do with improving infrastructure and services.
DoF Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III said the new entrant must pay for the frequency to make it “fair” to the public.
Around 300 megahertz (MHz) of frequency is assignable to a third player. The DICT has said this is sufficient to compete with the incumbents.
Two draft terms of reference (ToR) with the differing approaches to the awarding of frequency are set to be discussed in a public hearing on July 6.
Current requirements for the third player include paid-in capital of at least P10 billion; experience in providing, delivering, and operating of telecommunications services for the last five years; a congressional franchise not related to either PLDT or Globe.; and no uncontested liabilities with the NTC as of Jan. 31, 2018.
The government aims to choose the third player within the year.
Hastings Holdings, Inc., a unit of PLDT Beneficial Trust Fund subsidiary MediaQuest Holdings, Inc., has a majority stake in BusinessWorld through the Philippine Star Group, which it controls.
METRO PACIFIC Tollways Corp. (MPTC) targets to get the greenlight from Indonesian regulators for the conduct of a tender offer in favor of minority shareholders of infrastructure firm PT Nusantara Infrastructure Tbk by August.
“We are filing in Indonesia with their SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission). That will determine the actual timeline. It should be August when we get the final clearance sa Indonesia,” MPTC President and Chief Executive Officer Rodrigo E. Franco told reporters on Wednesday.
The Indonesian counterpart for the SEC is called the Financial Services Authority (FSA).
Mr. Franco said they can determine the timeline for the tender offer once it secures clearance from FSA.
MPTC on Tuesday announced that its unit PT Metro Pacific Tollways Indonesia (MPTI) acquired an additional 4.99% stake in PT Nusantara or 760 million shares. The share purchase brought PT MPTI's total stake in PT Nusantara to 53.26%, prompting the firm to conduct a mandatory tender offer to its minority stockholders.
PT Nusantara's minority shareholders collectively own 44.21% of the firm, with the other 2.53% held as treasury shares.
Should all shareholders participate in the tender offer, MPTC would have to pay out 1,421 billion Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) or around P5.29 billion, based on a price of 79 centavos per share.
Mr. Franco said they are currently preparing the funding plan for the offer.
“It's not yet firm but we have bank facilities also. We'll look at the response to the tender offer…see how the market will react,” Mr. Franco said.
The MPTC executive said PT Nusantara will likely remain a publicly listed firm even after the tender offer.
PT Nusantara has interests in tollroads, water, energy, port operations, and telecommunications. It operates a total of 34.47 kilometers in toll roads in Indonesia.
MPTC's investment in the Indonesian firm forms part of its parent Metro Pacific Investment Corp.'s plan to expand into Southeast Asia and create a pan-ASEAN tollway network.
Prior to Indonesia, MPIC already had stakes in Don Muang Tollway Public Company Limited, a major toll road operator in Bangkok, Thailand, and in CII Bridges and Roads, a firm with road and bridges projects in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Earlier this year, the company said it is looking to close a deal for a tollway project in Malaysia. Mr. Franco, however, declined to comment on the matter.
MPIC is one of three key Philippine units of Hong-Kong based First Pacific Co. Ltd., the others being Philex Mining Corp. and PLDT, Inc. Hastings Holdings, Inc., a unit of PLDT Beneficial Trust Fund subsidiary MediaQuest Holdings, Inc., has a majority stake in BusinessWorld through the Philippine Star Group, which it controls.
Shares in MPIC gained a centavo or 0.21% to close at P4.68 each at the stock exchange on Wednesday. — Arra B. Francia
SEATTLE – Before noon had even rolled around Wednesday, accidents had claimed at least three lives and crews were blaming fireworks for several fires across Western Washington.
The Fourth of July is one of the busiest days of the year for first responders, and this year is proving to be no different. Check in here throughout the day for updates from across the region.
Posted by admin on April 17, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Nassau, Bahamas – Aliv is quickly learning that its cheap phones, which they have yet to advise if they are really brand new, are not selling.
The company today in a Father's Day ad is suggesting that they are offering the Samsung 8 and IPhone. But here is the joke. Aliv does not sell Samsung 8 and IPhone mobile devices so where are they getting them? Maybe they are getting these mobile devices from their competitor?
This blend of false advertising by Aliv reminds us at BP when its CEO told a boldfaced lie to the media. It was end of February when Aliv's CEO Damian Blackburn at the Business Solution Services launch said that Aliv had managed to capture 45,000 subscribers – equivalent to 25 per cent of the mobile market – within its first 12 weeks. Is this true? NO! It was a lie and they knew it was not true.
But guess what? URCA, da facilitator, refused to correct them and announce what 25% of the mobile market in the Bahamas looks like. And to suggest that 45,000 customers was 25% of the market would mean that more than 180,000 mobile subscribers in the Bahamas had vanished in thin air.
These days you gata question what Aliv is promoting cause from the looks a thing ya just can't prove it to be true!
We report yinner decide!
Are you ready to tackle dirty carpets? Don't know who to hire helping? Want the best advice from experts in the field? You've come to the right place! Keep reading this article for the best tips and tricks which will ensure that the company you finally select is the best option.
Are you having a hard time getting rid of bad odors trapped in your carpet? Instead of spending your money on an expensive odor remover, you should sprinkle a small quantity of baking soda on your carpet before using your vacuum cleaner. Repeat every time you vacuum your carpet if necessary.
If your carpets are looking really worn down, it might be time to call in a professional carpet cleaning company. With so many choices it can be hard to know which company is best. Asking friends and family members for referrals is usually a great way to find a company you can be happy with.
Make sure that the carpet cleaning company tests out the products they are about to use. Don't skip this step as some solutions cause permanent staining. By doing this test you will be sure to save some money and time and it will only take you a couple of minutes.
Ask any company that you contact about carpet cleaning if they have special chemicals for your high traffic areas. In most cases your carpet will be quite clean in every area other than these, so you will likely only need the powerful stuff to be used here. If they do not have such a service you should consider using a different company.
When thinking of hiring a cleaning company to clean the carpets in your home, check to make sure they have a valid business license. Some companies believe that because carpet cleaning is unskilled labor, they do not have to have a license to operate a business. This can come back to haunt you if there is an issue with the work they do in your home.
If you are thinking about having your carpets professionally cleaned, call around to a few different companies. Ask about any specials they are currently running such as multiple room discounts, or your first carpeted room free. Some companies will do one free room, in hopes that you will hire them for additional rooms.
Invest in a high-end vacuum. Most vacuums are very weak and cannot do what is necessary to remove dirt, dander and fur from your carpets. While they can be very expensive, the money you will save in not having to replace your carpets as frequently will cause the vacuum to pay for itself.
Check the Internet for coupons offered by a carpet cleaning company. Carpet cleaning can get very pricy, so you can use all of the savings you can get. Many companies offer first-time customers coupon online and sometimes, even in local newspapers. Tell the company you have a coupon before giving payments.
Professional carpet cleaning companies have the right accessories for each job. Some carpets are very delicate and need specific equipment to be used in order to clean them right. If you do not use this equipment, you could damage your carpets and cost yourself more money in the long run. Better to hire a professional who can do it right the first time.
Choose a carpet cleaning company that has money back/satisfaction guarantee. There are many companies out there that offer great guarantees, along with promotions. Looking for a company that has these you will provide you with a sense of security that they will do a great job or they will refund your money.
If you have a pet, cleaning your carpet regularly is necessary. If you've got a high-maintenance carpet, you should keep them away from those areas or use rugs on them. Vacuum often, have a supply of cleaning products on hand, and hire a carpet cleaner to come in at least annually.
When you are looking for a carpet cleaning service, get names of clients who had used their service. Getting reviews from these clients will give you an idea of the service quality of this company. If these clients have many things about the company that they do not like, move on to another company.
Do not hesitate to spend money to get a professional to clean your carpet or purchase a better vacuum cleaner. If you do not take good care of your carpet, you will soon have to replace it. Replacing your carpet is more costly than spending money to keep it clean.
After completing your steam cleaning session, turn on the humidifier in the room. This will help to suck out the excess moisture from your carpet, allowing it to dry faster. Also, you can turn on the air conditioning unit if it is a hot summer day to have the same effect.
If you utilize the tips given you in this article, you will have a much better chance now of finding the right carpet cleaning service for your needs. No one wants to make such a substantial investment, only to find out they have been railroaded and must come up with even more money as a solution. You want things done right the first time.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2o3nRSL
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2nE69Sv
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2nDS2fR
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2o32b9q
* Chart 5: tmsnrt.rs/2o3hwqh
* Chart 6: tmsnrt.rs/2p0ZYsB
* Chart 7: tmsnrt.rs/2nE3wA5
By John Kemp
LONDON, April 5 U.S. President Donald Trump has promised to end "the war on coal" waged by the previous administration and help put coal miners back to work.
In practice, coal production and employment have been victims of the shale gas revolution rather than government regulation.
Coal-fired power generation has been steadily losing market share to natural gas since 1988, according to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
Coal accounted for 57 percent of electricity generation in 1988 but that share fell to 53 percent in 1998 and 50 percent in 2008 (tmsnrt.rs/2o3nRSL).
Gas has been the main beneficiary with its share of generation climbing from 9 percent in 1988 and 13 percent in 1998 to 20 percent in 2008.
For much of that period, coal's relative decline was cushioned by growing demand for electricity which provided an expanding market for all fuels.
Coal consumption by power producers peaked at 1.05 billion short tons in 2007, up from 758 million tons in 1988 (tmsnrt.rs/2nE69Sv).
But since then the coal industry has been hit a perfect storm of stagnating electricity demand, a sharp fall in the price of gas, and a record warm winter in 2015/16.
Coal has continued to lose out to gas in the generation system but since 2008 the decline has been absolute as well as relative terms because demand for electricity is no longer growing.
Gas prices have fallen sharply thanks to the shale revolution, encouraging power producers to build more gas-fired power plants and run them for more hours each year.
And the unusually mild winter of 2015/16 resulted in an enormous build up of coal stockpiles at power plants and a sharp reduction in new shipments from the mines (tmsnrt.rs/2nDS2fR).
The resulting wave of bankruptcies, mine closures, and job losses and layoffs crashed over the coal industry during 2015/16.
But mine closures and job losses were the result of market forces rather than job-killing government regulations introduced by the Obama administration.
MORE COAL CLOSURES
Most mining companies and coal analysts are cautiously optimistic about the outlook for production and employment in 2017/18.
Excess coal stocks at the country's power plants have been worked down and a modest rise in gas prices should encourage power producers to run gas-fired plants for fewer hours in 2017/18 (tmsnrt.rs/2o32b9q).
But the medium-term outlook for the coal industry remains poor, with more coal-fired power plants scheduled to close over the next five years to be replaced by a combination of gas and renewables.
Gas-fired generating capacity is scheduled to expand by another 8 percent over 2017/18 according to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
At the same time, more coal plants are set to close, which will cut potential demand further even if gas prices increase modestly.
The problem is that most coal-fired power plants are now growing very old and nearing the end of their service life.
The capacity-weighted average U.S. power plant started generating in 1987, according to an analysis of EIA data (tmsnrt.rs/2o3hwqh).
But the average for all power plants conceals significant differences between coal and non-coal power generating units.
The capacity-weighted average coal-fired power plant started generating in 1976 and has now been producing power for 41 years (tmsnrt.rs/2p0ZYsB).
In contrast, the average non-coal power plant started generating in 2000 and has been producing electricity for less than 17 years (tmsnrt.rs/2nE3wA5).
COAL FLEET AGEING
Most coal plants were originally planned to operate for a minimum of 25 years without significant modification and their service life can be prolonged to 40 or even 50 years.
But as plants age they are increasingly likely to suffer mechanical breakdowns and need expensive components replacing ("Life extension of coal-fired power plants", IEA, 2005).
The main problems are associated with the steam generator and the turbines, which suffer from creep, fatigue, corrosion and erosion.
Repeated heating and cooling of the system accelerates the ageing process and shortens the service life even further.
Most coal plants were designed to operate as baseload, with a limited number of cold and warm starts to reduce the thermal stress on the components.
But many are now forced to operate on a two-shift system, operating only during peak hours and then coming off load when electricity demand drops.
Two-shifting involves more starts, and much more thermal stress on the components, speeding up the ageing process.
Many of the coal-fired power plants scheduled for closure in the next five years started generating in the 1950s and 1960s and are basically wearing out.
Some of them are small-scale and relatively inefficient, burn low-quality coal, or emit lots of mercury and other air pollutants.
In most cases, there is no economic case for replacing worn out boilers and turbines or fitting new pollution-control equipment.
Power plant operators mostly plan capacity expansions and refits on a 20-year horizon or longer and few see any benefit from upgrading or adding coal-fired units.
No new coal-fired power plants are currently planned, in contrast to many additional gas-fired and renewable power units, according to notices filed with the EIA.
Even if the Trump administration tries to throw a lifeline to coal-fired power plants, its four or eight-year time-span is too short to have much impact on capacity planning.
As the existing coal fleet continues to age, more power plants are likely to be retired because they are too expensive to maintain.
The Trump administration can end the "war on coal" but it cannot halt the march of time and fatigue which is gradually culling the coal fleet.
The amount of coal-fired generation capacity will continue to shrink. Any revival in coal consumption depends on a rise in gas prices to encourage power producers to use the remainder for more hours each year.
(Editing by David Evans)
The Ithaca softball team traveled to Hoboken, New Jersey April 15 to take on their Empire 8 foe the Stevens Institute of Technology Ducks.
The Bombers pushed their win streak to five when they defeated the Ducks 9–0 in game one. They made six straight victories later in the day when they defeated the Ducks 5–2 in game two.
The second victory gave the Bombers their third straight sweep in doubleheaders. With the wins, the Bombers move to 18–6 on the season and 9–1 in conference play.
The Blue and Gold's offense wasted no time getting runners on base. After junior left fielder Allie Colleran was hit by a pitch, senior right fielder Jessie Fleck doubled to get two runners in scoring position. Colleran was able to score the first run of the game after sophomore first baseman Alex Wright grounded out to second base.
The Bombers were able to break things open in the third inning, scoring five runs. After a fielding error and a pair of hits, the bases were loaded for the Bombers.
Sophomore third baseman Vanessa Brown singled to bring home a run, and after a walk brought Fleck home, sophomore shortstop Hannah Anderson doubled home two more runs.
The Bombers would knock three more runs in the game, including two in the top of the sixth inning. The game ended after six innings, with the Ducks unable to muster a single run.
Sophomore pitcher Haley Congdon picked up the win for the Bombers, letting up seven hits over six scoreless innings. The win was Congdon's ninth this season.
Game two was much closer, but the Bombers were able to hold the Ducks to only six hits en route to a 5–2 victory.
The second game began much like the first did, with the Bombers getting on the board in the first inning. With two outs and two runners on base, freshman utility player Shannon Grage doubled home a pair of runs to give the Bombers an early 2–0 lead. Ithaca would tack on another run in the third inning to push the lead to three.
The Ducks responded in the third inning on a fielding error by the Bombers to get on the board for the first time in the series. The Bombers were able to minimize the damage, getting the next batter to ground out.
The South Hill squad had an opportunity to break things open in the top of the seventh inning with the bases loaded and two outs. Sophomore second baseman Nikkey Skuraton delivered, singling home a run to make it 4–1. Colleran walked in the next at-bat to make it 5–1.
With their backs against the wall and two outs, senior third baseman Emily Sellitti tripled to give the Ducks some life. Freshman left fielder Samantha Schattin singled Sellitti home in next at bat, but the Bombers got the next batter to ground out and end the game.
Freshman pitcher Emily Holden went seven strong innings, letting up seven hits and two runs while collecting three strikeouts. With the win, Holden moves to 7–1 on the season.
The Bombers next game will be at 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. April 18 against the Oneonta Red Dragons in a doubleheader.
Some popular Nigerian clerics ushered in last year with prophecies, some of which did not come to pass.
All Airtel users can now read News 24 Nigeria for free through a Facebook-led Internet.org initiative.
Not winning title not a disaster - Guardiola
London - Pep Guardiola does not believe his first season as Manchester City manager should be classed as a failure if he cannot guide the team to Premier League glory.
Guardiola won the league in his first seasons at Barcelona and Bayern Munich, but his City side lie 10 points below leaders Chelsea and in fifth place after Saturday's 1-0 loss at Liverpool.
He does not see winning the league as the be-all and end-all of City's season, however, and says he is relishing the new challenge of being the hunter rather than the hunted.
"We have put a lot of stress about, 'Oh, if you don't win the Premier League, that is going to be not a good season'," he told reporters after the New Year's Eve defeat at Anfield.
"No, in that situation we're going to analyse what happened at the end of the season, what was good, what was bad. Now it's just focus on the next game against Burnley.
"I was always on top, Barcelona and Bayern Munich. But OK, this is a new chapter in my career as a manager to handle that and I am willing to try it with these guys."
Chelsea have surged clear at the summit on the back of a 13-game winning streak, but Guardiola does not believe their points advantage is insurmountable.
"I was one time nine points (behind) with Barcelona, against Real Madrid I think," said the Catalan, whose side host Burnley on Monday.
"It was in February or in March and after we recover until (the gap was only) four (when Madrid won the league in 2012).
"But the question is, are we able to take the gap to Chelsea? Now what we have to do is believe in the next game."
In contrast to his early experiences with Barcelona and Bavaria, Guardiola is yet to have a transformative effect on City's fortunes.
City's style of play has evolved, reflecting the importance Guardiola places on dominating possession, but they have lost four times already in the league and have struggled defensively.
Jurgen Klopp, Guardiola's former Borussia Dortmund adversary, has had over a year to remould Liverpool and the City manager said it would take him time to achieve similar results.
"I don't know, I'm not able to say that," Guardiola replied when asked how long it will take for City to become his team.
"Jurgen is here more than one season, one year. It's just five months for me. The way we want to play in this league is not that simple.
"We need a little bit more time. But I'm a guy who's so optimistic and we are going to try."
City's attempt to chase down Chelsea will be bolstered by the arrival of Brazil forward Gabriel Jesus following his $33 million transfer from Palmeiras.
The 19-year-old was due to arrive in Manchester this weekend and Guardiola expects him to make a swift impact.
"He was three years without holidays, he's fit, he's young," said Guardiola.
"It was just two or three weeks not training so I don't think we'll be (waiting) too much time (for him) to be fit."
- AFP
Update from AA Roadwatch: LEITRIM/ROSCOMMON: The Leitrim Village/Sligo Rd (R284) is closed between Leitrim Village and Keadue due to a collision. The local Drumshanbo/Dereenargan and Cleen/Dereenargan Rds are also closed.
Gardai in Leitrim are advising drivers that the R284 between between Leitrim Village and Drumboylan is currently closed due to an incident.
It is understood a serious road traffic collision has occurred near the Roscommon/Leitrim border.
Leitrim Fire Service, the gardaí and an air-ambulance are attending the incident.
More as we get it.
Veteran Hollywood filmmaker Steven Spielberg weighed in on the anti-sexual harassment campaign, Time's Up, calling it a watershed moment for the entertainment world and beyond.
While accepting the Legend Of Our Lifetime award at the Rakuten Empire Awards in London over the weekend, Spielberg called Time's Up an “extraordinary” movement that's beyond our capacity to comprehend.
“It's been a rich and diverse year for film and for gender and for race, and for speaking out. Thank you, Time's Up,” the Jurassic Park director said. “We were very much on board from the very beginning, my wife Kate and me. This is more important than any of us can ever really realize.”
“I think in 10 years' time we'll look back and realize what a watershed moment we are all experiencing together. 2017 to 2018, it's extraordinary what's happening right now,” the four-time Academy Award-winner said.
“The fact that women who have had no representation and have not been able to find the support or the courage to step forward, now they will have representation and they will have the support,” Spielberg continued. “And Time's Up means it's time up. This is it, this is the end of the way things were. It'll never be that way again, hopefully.”
No stranger to making sweeping statements on social issues, Spielberg has become increasingly political in recent months.
In December, while promoting his Vietnam War-era drama The Post, Spielberg said America is as divided politically as it was during the Civil War.
Last month, the Ready Player One director donated half-million dollars to the student gun control March for Our Lives.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
April 6 Wecast Network Inc
* Wecast Network- on March 31, co through PRC unit entered into equity agreement with Shanghai Pulse Consulting Co Ltd - SEC filing
* Wecast Network - pursuant to agreement, SVG WFOE sold, at cost, its entire 5.88 pct equity stake in Guizhou Sun Seven Stars Technology Trading Platform Ltd
* Wecast Network - will not recognize any profit or loss on transaction to sell equity stake in Guizhou Sun Seven Stars Technology Trading Platform Ltd
* Wecast Network - will still have access to RMB 80 million that was previously raised for GZ for purpose of cost reimbursement and other uses - SEC filing Source text: (bit.ly/2nIAhMr) Further company coverage:
–
New Delhi (Sputnik)India is in advanced stage of talks with Vietnam for the sale short range surface-to-air missiles Akash. This could be India's first missile sale overseas. Apart from Vietnam, New Delhi has offered sale of Akash missiles to other countries including Indonesia.
"We are talking to countries, one of them is none other than Vietnam" said S. Christopher, chairman of government owned Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO).
India is also considering the sale of BrahMos supersonic missile for which Russia's approval is required. DRDO chief did not elaborate the stage of talks regarding BrahMos.
"India and Vietnam share a strategic partnership. Defense cooperation, including supply of defense equipment, is an important aspect of this partnership. Both countries have held discussions on range of issues in this regard, “replied Subhash Bhamre,India's Minister of State for Defense to a query by parliamentarians earlier this month when asked whether the Government proposes to sale indigenously developed Akash-surface-to-air Missile System and Brahmos missiles to Vietnam.
Of late, India is attempting to become major supplier to Hanoi to beef up defense which is considered as a step to raise formidable alliance to counter China in the region. Last year, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi had announced a $500 million special loan to Vietnam to buy defense equipment, on top of a $100 million given previously to help it buy patrol boats.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Speculation that powerhouse prop Alex Walmsley is to leave Saints has been nailed on the head ... by the player himself.
The 27-year-old former Batley forward, whose existing contract ends at the end of the 2018 season, insisted yesterday: “I'm not going anywhere unless there is something being talked about above my head.
“The club have not spoken to me and neither have I talked to Castleford. I love St Helens, the players and all the staff and it has been the same since I first arrived.”
Ironically, he has been linked with the club which Saints face in the opening fixture of the Super 8s at the Jungle tonight and Big Al will be hoping he can help reverse the results of the previous two fixtures this year at the same venue - a 53-10 drubbing in the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup and a 16-12 Super League setback a few weeks later.
He said: “Castleford current top the table and there is a reason why they are 10 points clear of their nearest rivals, Leeds Rhinos ... they have been the most consistent side in the competition so far and we will have to be at our best to pick up what are two vital points.
“It is a tough test for us but we are not going there just to make up the numbers.”
Walmsley feels Saints are in the kind of form to earn a top four spot, especially with players like James Roby, Matty Smith and Jon Wilkin, who have big match experience, in their ranks.
Success will also enhance his own chances of making the England squad for the end of season World Cup - and hopes his performance in a Saints shirt catches the eye of international boss Wayne Bennett.
“It is a dream of mine to represent my country and there is no bigger stage to play on than a World Cup tournament,” he said.
© AP Photo/ J. Scott Applewhite Trump Administration Has No Intention to Cancel Anti-Russia Sanctions - Treasury Secretary
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Russia has had a favorable opinion of US President Donald Trump who said he was willing to restore ties with Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin said in an interview with US filmmaker Oliver Stone.
"Certainly, we liked President Trump and we still like him because he publicly announced that he was ready to restore American-Russian relations. And when journalists from different countries were asking questions about that, they were trying to catch me, so to speak," Putin said in an interview for Stone's documentary, cited by Salon.com.
"Certainly, we've got to wait and see how, in reality, in practice, the relations between our two countries are going to develop. He was talking about a re-establishment of economic ties, of a joint fight against terrorism. Isn't that a good thing?" Putin was quoted as saying.
During his election campaign, Donald Trump expressed his willingness to work closer with Russia, as well as regret over the state of the Moscow-Washington relationship under the Obama administration.
Read in-depth stories, galleries, updates on Assembly Elections | Gujarat Polls
New Delhi: Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on tweet by Pakistan Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson: "Completely abhor outside interference in India's internal affairs. Pakistan's promotion of terrorism in India is well known but Pakistan must stop giving us lessons; we are proud of our democracy. Condemn this unwarranted statement."
Pakistan's Foreign Office spokesman Mohammad Faisal had said on Twitter: India should stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate and win victories on own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies, which are utterly baseless and irresponsible."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had on Sunday claimed at an election rally that there was an attempt by Pakistan to interfere in the Gujarat polls. Modi also raised questions about the alleged appeal by former director general (DG) of the Pakistan Army Sardar Arshad Rafiq for making senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel chief minister of Gujarat.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
JOHANNESBURG - The rate of increase in new car prices continues to decline and has now remained below the inflation rate for the second consecutive quarter.
Used vehicle price increases have now also overtaken the rate of increase in new vehicle prices.
The latest TransUnion vehicle price index released yesterday revealed that new vehicle prices increased by 2.4percent year-on-year in the fourth quarter of last year from 9.4percent in the corresponding quarter in 2016.
Used vehicle prices increased by 3.5percent from 3.3percent in the same period.
Kriben Reddy, the head of TransUnion Auto, attributed the decline in new vehicle prices largely to the stronger value of the rand in the second half of last year, which allowed manufacturers to reduce new vehicle price increases.
Manufacturers have limited price increases in an attempt to help vehicle dealers to sell more new vehicles.
TransUnion said consumers could take advantage of manufacturer marketing incentives, which included preferential interest rates, trade assistance and manufacturer discounts as well as the slowing down of price increases for new vehicles.
Reddy said the current market was experiencing the real effects of supply and demand.
He said demand was shifting from used to new as the supply of quality used vehicles declined and the demand increased and supported consistent increases in used vehicle prices.
“If we look at where we have come from, the weaker rand saw new vehicle prices increase above inflation in previous reports as input costs were higher.
“This significantly widened the pricing gap between new and used vehicles and shifted consumer demand more in favour of used vehicles.
“As we shift out of this market trend, we will see a change in consumer behaviour as they take advantage in the drop of new vehicle prices,” he said.
The index measures the relationship between the increase in vehicle pricing for new and used vehicles based on a basket of passenger vehicles, including 15 top volume vehicle manufacturers.
Reddy said the change from used to new vehicle purchases was also evident in the financing statistics.
He said banks financed 2.2 used vehicles for every new vehicle in the fourth quarter of last year compared to 2.5 used vehicles for every new vehicles in the corresponding quarter in 2016.
In addition, total financial agreement volumes in the passenger market increased by 9percent between the third and fourth quarters of last year, with new passenger vehicle finance deals increasing by 14percent and used passenger vehicle finance deals rising by 4percent in this period.
Of the used vehicles sold, 44percent were under two years old and 7percent were demonstration models.
- BUSINESS REPORT
× Suspicious fire extinguished at elementary school
SAN DIEGO – Investigators believe a small fire sparked at Sage Canyon Elementary School in Carmel Valley late Sunday may have been intentionally set.
The fire was contained to a trashcan in an outdoor hallway. Sprinklers extinguished the fire before crews arrived.
According to San Diego police officer Dino Delimitros, two people were seen running from the school.
Classes aren't scheduled to being for another two weeks, but there are summer activities held on campus Monday.
Kim Kardashian West will meet with officials, including senior adviser Jared Kushner, at the White House on Wednesday to discuss prison reform, a person familiar with the plans says.
It's not clear if Kardashian West will meet with President Donald Trump.
The entrepreneur and reality television star has advocated for a pardon for a low-level drug offender named Alice Marie Johnson, who has served more than 20 years in prison.
Prison reform has been a key issue for Kushner. Earlier this month, the White House-backed First Step Act, which would expand programs for prisoners and allow for more home confinement, was approved by the House Judiciary Committee.
Kardashian West has said she supported Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election, but her husband, Kanye West, has signaled his support for Trump.
In 2016, West met with the President-elect at Trump Tower in New York. And last month, after releasing a photograph wearing a “Make America Great Again” cap, West released a song defending his praise of the President.
Kardashian West's White House visit was earlier reported by Vanity Fair.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The area of arms control could serve as a baseline for Russia and the United States to start mending their "damaged relationship," experts said on Wednesday at the Primakov Readings summit in Moscow.
In the Cold War era, arms control agreements helped to relieve the pressure in the relationship between the Soviet Union and the United States and limit the nuclear arms race.
At the end of SALT I, the first round of Strategic Arms Limitation Talks, in 1972, the sides signed the Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM) Treaty and the Interim Agreement on strategic offensive arms. In 2002, the United States withdrew from the ABM Treaty.
READ MORE: Germany Shares Russia's Concern Over Unreliability of US — Bundestag Official
START I was signed in July 1991 and established a limit of 1,600 delivery vehicles and 6,000 warheads for each side. In April 2010, Russia and the United States signed the New START treaty, which requires the parties to limit the number of their deployed strategic nuclear warheads to no more than 1,550 and 800 deployed and non-deployed launchers and heavy bombers.
Arms Control as 'Principal Avenue' for Russia-US Cooperation
"With so much of the US-Russia relationship now damaged and broken, we should see arms control, as it was during the Cold War, as a principal avenue to begin to turn that situation around, to make arms control at least a political example where the United States and Russia can work together for mutual benefit," Richard Burt, the managing partner at McLarty Associates and ex-chief negotiator of the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START I), said at a panel discussion titled "Is there a future for arms control?"
Similarly, Pierre Lellouche, the former French secretary of state for foreign trade, who was also present at the panel session, suggested that the United States and Russia could continue their commitments under the START treaty.
"The United States and Russia may continue [their commitments], and I think it can be done… The START treaty can be prolonged to 2021," Lellouche stressed.
US Internal Political Issues as Potential Obstacle
At the same time, Burt suggested that Moscow and Washington could experience the difficulty in reaching consensus on arms control due to a number of internal political issues in the United States under the administration of President Donald Trump.
"In case of President Trump, who has historically supported better ties with Russia, he has found himself in an administration with a group of very skeptical advisers [with regard to] Russia and with the Congress that doesn't trust him on his ability to manage relations with Russia. So he has lost control of Russia policy. This is a scary development," Burt noted.
© Sputnik / Igor Ermachenkov Russia to Create New Electronic Warfare Systems After Study of US Missiles, Tech Concern Says
Meanwhile, Lellouche pointed out that the revival of the ABM treaty could help the sides move forward in the area of arms control.
"It would be wise to reconstruct the ABM treaty because it is essential to the stability of the world," he said.
The two-day Primakov Readings kicked off on Tuesday. This year, 65 internationally renowned foreign experts from 22 countries, along with 600 Russian politicians, diplomats, businessmen and experts take part in the summit.
Views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the contributors and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
On Monday, Air Force Personnel Center spokesman Mike Dickerson told Military.com,"We anticipate the board will select 30 airmen with five alternates," adding that the board is still deliberating, but the results would be announced soon.
© Photo: US Air Force / Staff Sgt. Brian Ferguson US Air Force Hopes New Measures Will Halt Drone Pilot Drain
The "whole person concept" is used in the application process, which entails reviewing an applicant's entire military record.
According to Dickerson the Initial Flight Training should begin by April, with two pilots from that group being housed at Colorado's Pueblo Memorial Airport. After that, each class will have two airmen throughout this fiscal year and the next.
Chief Master Sgt. Eric Rigby, head of aircrew assignments at AFPC explained that "Integrating enlisted pilots into the RQ-4 [Global Hawk] community enables the Air Force to meet mission requirements as the intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance mission grows, while providing an opportunity to our highly skilled enlisted force."
© AFP 2016/ Bonny Schoonakker US Air Force Confused on Number of Pilots Needed for Drone Program
Responding to dwindling numbers of jet and drone pilots, the service first announced that it would begin training airmen to operate the RQ-4 in 2015, soon after announcing bonuses as high as $125,000 for pilots who could fly the craft.
AFPC received more than 800 applications when the Remotely Piloted Aircraft (RPA) program was first announced. Rigby said in a release, "Expanding opportunities in the RPA program is one of many ways the Air Force is tapping into the talent of our skilled, diverse and innovative enlisted force."
(UPDATED) The Philippine National Police says it has not monitored any threats in Metro Manila
Published 11:34 AM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – The Pinagkaisang Samahan ng mga Tsuper at Operator Nationwide (Piston) on Tuesday, March 20, called out Malacañang for spreading "fake news" that the group has continued its transportation strike that day.
Piston national president George San Mateo said in a text message to Rappler that Malacañang, in insisting on the false claim, was apparently out to fan public hatred against transportation groups that participated in the strike on Monday, March 19.
"The fake news of Malacañang aims to create confusion among the people. And to fan hatred against our drivers," San Mateo told Rappler.
When asked whether there was a strike on Tuesday, which Malacañang used as basis to suspend classes in all levels in Metro Manila that day, San Mateo said: "Wala po. Ang nagkalat niyan ‘yung pahayag ni Harry Roque na isususpindi daw ng gobyerno ang klase hanggang Biyernes. Kaya fake news 'yang pahayag ni Roque."
(There is none. Harry Roque spread that through his announcement that the government will suspend classes until Friday. So Roque's announcement is fake news.)
"Madaming media kahapon sa rally centers pati mga pulis, MMDA, at LTFRB officials nagmonitor sa rali kahapon. I even talked with QCPD Director General Eleazar na nagpunta sa rali kahapon. Alam nila lahat na hanggang kahapon lang ang strike," he added.
(There were a lot of media at the rally centers, as well as police, MMDA, and LTFRB officials monitoring yesterday. I even talked with Quezon City Police District director Chief Superintendent Guillermo Eleazar who went to the rally yesterday. They all know that the strike would only be until yesterday.)
The Philippine National Police (PNP) said it has not monitored any threats in Metro Manila, contrary to the basis of Malacañang for suspending classes on Tuesday.
"Wala pa kaming namo-monitor (We have not monitored any threats)," PNP spokesman Chief Superintendent John Bulalacao told reporters on Tuesday in a Camp Crame press briefing.
In explaining the class suspension, Roque said late Tuesday morning that "the President has instructed that he will suspend classes even with the slightest threat of a strike to ensure the protection and well-being of students." (READ: Who won the March 19 transport strike?)
The Palace official had also said that Malacañang may suspend classes for the rest of the week because of the transportation strike, which groups staged on Monday as part of their continuing protest against the government's jeepney modernization program. – Rappler.com
The second and last city on my sojourn to the north of England was York.
For several hundred years, it was the second-largest city in the entire country. Today, as you look around, it's hard to imagine this, but then we don't live in an age of wool and steam and iron.
When the Romans first colonized what they called Eboracum back in A.D. 58, it was a very different place. It was the Romans who built a wall to keep the hordes of Picts and Scots out, and that wall still stands to this day.
After 450 years of rule, the Romans had taxed and spent themselves into oblivion and lost their empire.
Then along came the Saxons, who changed the name of the city to Eoforwick and continued the practice of bullying the locals while stealing their wealth and womenfolk.
Eventually, the Vikings on their pillaging raids from across the frigid North Sea began to take a liking to the place and changed the name again, this time to Jorvik, and they started to settle down. Then came Christianity.
York began to prosper and the great cathedral, called the Minster, was started in 1229. It took 250 years to complete and is one of the nation's great treasures, with huge, stained-glass windows and fluted ceilings rising up into the heavens.
It's hard to imagine the wonder of this great place for people who lived in hovels with mud walls and straw roofs. For the regular congregations, there was little doubt in their minds of the eventual salvation of man. It had to be better than their normal lives, with so much poverty, violence and illness.
A day or two visiting York begins to put all this history in perspective and shows you a slice of life that is way beyond living memory. And yet, it's all easily “strollable” within a wall built in the first century.
If you want to come closer to our time, then take perhaps a short ride back to 1829, when George Stevenson launched his first steam locomotive, the Rocket. A life-size replica is on display at the National Railway Museum, just on the other side of the mainline station.
If you go to Britain, the words “National Museum” will give you a hint that this a free place to visit. All national museums are, although a discreet notice mentions that a 5-pound (about $7.50) voluntary donation is much appreciated.
If you like engines and all things railway, then this is the place for you. It's large, and the examples of the system that most Europeans use to get around is remarkable and magnetic.
England being a fairly small and compact country, railways are a perfect fit for British people today, and it was seen immediately when Stevenson first built his Rocket.
In fact, it was more his son who built the railway engines, and his father, who was a civil engineer as well as a mechanical one, built the tracks and all the embankments and tunnels needed to guide those trains. People were staggered that the device could hit 30 miles per hour — an amazing feat for the times.
Here you also can see the progression of other trains that have come along through the ages. These are the same snorting monsters that as a little boy I used to walk beside during the war years when my parents wanted to visit my grandparents down in the south.
You had to pass the engines at Waterloo to get on board, and I was always rather scared of them as one never knew when they would give a snort and blow out a puff of smelly steam.
After the war, the government nationalized the railways, taking management away from private ownership and changing the names from London North Eastern Railway, London Midland Scottish and the Great Western Railway to the more egalitarian British Railways.
It didn't make the experience of traveling any easier, nor were the trains any better at running on time.
I had rather hoped to see Britain's most famous locomotive, the Flying Scotsman, but was told that it was “out on a journey.” The pride of the railways is still puffing its way around the country giving rides to those who miss its passing.
In its final years as a regular locomotive, it bankrupted three millionaires and found its way eventually to the museum where its maintenance costs are now part of the national debt. I had, therefore, to settle for the fastest-ever steam locomotive, The Mallard.
York is a wonderful excursion for a day or two, and for shoppers it's a marvelous experience. Wandering along The Shambles will show you how retail business was conducted in medieval times, where meat was hung outside the shops and people jostled between the narrow alleys. There is an open-air market where the accents are rounded, much the same as 100 years ago.
More travels: Victorville's Route 66 Museum remains a blast from the past
The River Ouse meanders slowly along beside the wall and riverboats offer trips and teas; it's all very traditional and very, very English.
The great bells of the Minster ring out over the city, and it's so easy to imagine how things were back when life was totally different.
And when you've had your fill, it's just two hours on a first-class modern train complete with USB ports to London, where you have to pick up your pace and deal with all the rush of modern life.
When I used to visit the north, it was only ever on business. It was a drive to the office of a customer, a negotiation and then a drive away again.
It's impossible to understand a place from such a short visit, and my impressions of that time are somewhat muddled.
Having gone back, I now see a different side of what I always felt was almost foreign. It's a part of England that in many ways is more English than the south, and I'm so glad I went back there.
“Trevor's Travels (in Southern California)” is available from amazon.com, Barnes & Noble and other booksellers. You can reach Trevor Summons at trevorsummons@hotmail.com.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 6 Twitter Inc said in a lawsuit on Thursday that it had received a demand from U.S. officials for records that could reveal the user behind an account opposed to President Donald Trump and that it was challenging the demand in court.
TULSA, Okla. (AP) - A Tulsa police sergeant will be the face of a new cable TV show aimed at looking at law enforcement work from officers' perspective.
A&E says Sgt. Sean Larkin is host of "PD Cam." The 30-minute show will offer unfiltered video from police body-worn, dashboard and helicopter cameras.
Larkin has worked for Tulsa police more than 20 years and says law enforcement has gotten negative media coverage in recent years. He says the show will help police work become more transparent.
"PD Cam" debuts July 19.
Tulsa Police Chief Chuck Jordan in 2017 canceled his department's contract with another A&E show. Critics say the real-time "Live PD" shows incidents of racial profiling and caters to viewers' worst fears and biases. Jordan said it made his city look bad.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HE KNEW BLAKE WAS THE ONE AFTER SLOW DANCING TOGETHER
"We were hanging out at this little restaurant in Tribeca that's open really late, and this song came on and I was just like, 'Want to dance?' " Reynolds told GQ of the night he realized Lively was The One. "No one was in there, so it was just totally empty. And it was just one of those moments where halfway through the dance, it was like, 'Oh, I think I just crossed a line.' And then I walked her home. And, uh, you know, I don't really need to go into what happened after that."
March 29 Grammer Ag
* Grammer ceo says has identified 4 takeover targets, could announce buy in upcoming months
* Grammer ceo says wants to build new product groups via acquisitions, already has something on radar
* Grammer says medium-term target is for ebit margin of 7 percent
* Grammer says wants to increase sales to over 2.2 billion eur by 2021 Further company coverage:
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to Die Welt newspaper, Munich police discovered 270 migrants having entered Germany via freight trains from Austria, while Stuttgart police found 60 asylum seekers having arrived in Germany from Switzerland.
Europe is facing a massive migration crisis, which is considered to be the worst since World War II, with over half a million refugees and asylum seekers having arrived in the European Union from the Middle East and Northern Africa.
Many migrants are trying to reach Germany after Chancellor Angela Merkel announced welcome policy for the asylum seekers. Since 2015, over 1 million migrants arrived in the country.
Despite all EU efforts to curb the influx, migrants are still trying to enter the European countries illegally in trucks or freight trains, risking their lives. On December 3, 2016, the Austrian police found two migrants, crushed to death on a train transporting trucks, apparently trying to get to Germany.
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo becomes the latest footballer to fall foul of fiscal authorities in Spain
Published 7:48 PM, June 13, 2017
MADRID, Spain – Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo was on Tuesday, June 13, accused of evading 14.7 million euros in tax through offshore companies, the latest footballer to fall foul of fiscal authorities in Spain.
The 32-year-old – the world's highest paid athlete according to Forbes magazine – follows in the steps of FC Barcelona forward and Argentina star Lionel Messi, who was found guilty of the same offense last year although the sums involved were allegedly smaller.
The issue of tax evasion has caused anger in a country only just emerging from a damaging economic crisis that has seen countless people lose their jobs and inequalities rise.
Ronaldo is accused of "four crimes against the public treasury between 2011-14... which involves tax fraud of 14,768,897 euros ($16.5m, £12.9m)", the office said in a statement.
"The accused took advantage of a company structure created in 2010 to hide income generated in Spain from his image rights from tax authorities, which is a 'voluntary' and 'conscious' breach of his fiscal obligations in Spain," it said.
Prosecutors accuse the Portugal international of evading tax via a shell company based in the British Virgin Islands and another in Ireland, known for its low corporate tax rate.
In addition, they say he only declared 11.5 million euros of Spanish-related income from 2011 to 2014, while what he really earned during that time was close to 43 million euros.
And finally, they accuse him of "voluntarily" refusing to include 28.4 million euros in income linked to the sale of his image rights for the 2015 to 2020 period to a Spanish company.
Football scandals
The football world in Spain has been rocked by charges of tax evasion or corruption pressed against some of its top stars.
Messi was sentenced to a 21-month jail sentence and 2.09-million-euro fine last year for tax fraud.
The prison term will likely be suspended as is common in Spain for first offenses for non-violent crimes carrying a sentence of less than two years.
The 29-year-old and his father Jorge Horacio Messi were found guilty of using companies in Belize, Britain, Switzerland and Uruguay to avoid paying taxes on 4.16 million euros of Messi's income earned from his image rights from 2007-09.
The income related to Messi's image rights that was hidden includes endorsement deals with Danone, Adidas, Pepsi-Cola, Procter & Gamble and the Kuwait Food Company.
Former Barça defender Javier Mascherano also agreed a one-year suspended sentence with authorities for tax fraud last year.
Meanwhile Brazil star and Barcelona forward Neymar and his parents are due to stand trial for alleged corruption over his transfer from Santos in 2013. – Rappler.com
Several reports indicate that the fragments of the “migrant caravan” are now arriving south of the U.S. border with Mexico. Border Patrol officials in California and Arizona said they have not seen any illegal border crossings between ports of entry this week.
Over the weekend, about 600 migrants arrived via train in the northern Mexican city of Hermosillo, the Associated Press reported on Tuesday. The group plans to continue to Tijuana in the next few days.
Late last week, about 50 migrants from Central America arrived in Tijuana, Reuters reported. “Since peaking at around 1,500 people, the so-called migrant ‘caravan' has dwindled under pressure from Trump and Mexican migration authorities, who vowed to separate those migrants with a right to stay in Mexico from those who did not,” Reuters states. Juventud 2000 director Jose Maria Garcia told the wire service that some crossed the border and requested asylum. He said more are expected in Tijuana in the coming days.
Border Patrol officials in the San Diego, Yuma, and Tucson Sectors told Breitbart Texas on Tuesday they have seen no illegal crossings in recent days by anyone from the “caravan.” El Centro Sector has not yet responded to an inquiry.
On April 11, Breitbart Texas reported that an MS-13 member joined up with a “caravan” splinter and crossed the border in the Yuma Sector.
“We questioned the members of the group and confirmed they are part of the caravan of Central American's who are reported to be traveling to the U.S.,” Border Patrol spokesman Justin Kallinger told Breitbart Texas.
Kallinger said the MS-13 member did not claim to have started out with the original “caravan” but joined in a stash house in Mexico before crossing.
Officials identified the Salvadoran as 18-year-old Herberth Geovani Argueta-Chavez. He was “trying to separate from the gang,” Border Patrol officials stated.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officials have not responded to an inquiry as to whether they received any asylum requests from “caravan migrants” crossing from Tijuana in recent days.
President Donald Trump called on Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to not let the asylum seekers into the U.S.
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2018
The president then tweeted a message to Mexican officials urging them to stop people from navigating freely through their country to the U.S. He threatened to make this a condition of a new NAFTA agreement.
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2018
DHS Secretary Kirstjen M. Nielsen said her department would “fast track any caravan asylum cases”:
DHS continues to monitor the remnants of the ‘caravan' of individuals headed to our Southern border with the apparent intention of entering the United States illegally. A sovereign nation that cannot – or worse, chooses not – to defend its borders will soon cease to be a sovereign nation. The Trump Administration is committed to enforcing our immigration laws – whether persons are part of this ‘caravan' or not. If members of the ‘caravan' enter the country illegally, they will be referred for prosecution for illegal entry in accordance with existing law. For those seeking asylum, all individuals may be detained while their claims are adjudicated efficiently and expeditiously, and those found not to have a claim will be promptly removed from the United States.
This year's caravan grew to much larger numbers than previous years, VOA News reported. The current group reached about 1,200 participants–an increase of about 1,000 over last year.
In response to the caravan and recent spikes in illegal border crossings into the U.S., President Trump ordered the deployment of up to 4,o00 National Guard troops to help secure the border.
The governors of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California all responded by activating troops in their respective states.
A San Bernardino man who killed a 23-year-old woman in a hit-and-run collision on Christmas night in Jurupa Valley was sentenced Wednesday to nine years in state prison.
Jude Joseph Vargas, 30, pleaded guilty last month to gross vehicular manslaughter, with a sentence-enhancing allegation of fleeing the scene of a crime. In exchange for his admissions, the Riverside County District Attorney's Office dropped two related felony counts.
Superior Court Judge David Gunn certified the terms of the plea agreement and imposed the sentence stipulated by the prosecution and defense.
Vargas killed Hillary Hicks of Ontario on the westbound 60 Freeways, just west of Mission Boulevard. The victim was struck from behind about 11:30 p.m. on Dec. 25.
CHP Officer Dan Olivas said Hicks was in her 2004 Honda CRV when Vargas plowed into the rear of the compact SUV in his 2008 Toyota Sienna, causing the young woman to lose control of her vehicle.
“The Honda veered to the right, traveled off the right-side edge of the roadway, where it overturned down an embankment and collided with a tree,” Olivas said.
Hicks, who was ejected from the SUV, died at Riverside Community Hospital about 2:50 a.m. on Dec. 26.
Sign up for our breaking news email newsletter: When major local news happens, you will be the first to know. Subscribe here
According to Olivas, Vargas' Toyota was found not far from the crash, abandoned on the side of the road. The defendant was nowhere in sight.
The CHP said Vargas went to the Chino Police Department early on the morning of Dec. 26 and reported that his van had been stolen, but investigators checked his story and determined that he was lying. The defendant was arrested at the police station.
According to San Bernardino County Superior Court records, Vargas has prior convictions for creating a public disturbance and petty theft.
Pittsburgh Steelers president Art Rooney II held a special live event on Thursday to announce the throwbacks uniforms for 2018. If you happened to see the leaked images, it didn't come as a huge shock but Pittsburgh will be celebrating the 40th anniversary of Super Bowl XIII but going back to the 1970s with a classic design.
#LIVE: Steelers President Art Rooney II unveils our 2018 Throwback Jersey live from Heinz Field. https://t.co/QdCx6zxkRu — Pittsburgh Steelers (@steelers) May 30, 2018
Many old-school fans will be excited to see the retro design on the field again. Wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster joined Rooney on stage to model the design and they talked about the process that went into making sure these “new” jerseys felt like the classics.
JuJu sporting the new throwbacks pic.twitter.com/2WRwdJFWT7 — Ray Fittipaldo (@rayfitt1) May 30, 2018
Pittsburgh will wear the jerseys on October 28 when they take on the Cleveland Browns.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Cartel killings are continuing at an alarming rate in Tijuana with 41 homicides registered since April 16—raising the total number for 2018 to 691.
From April 1 to date, 147 cases were documented, according to local media reports and Breitbart Texas law enforcement sources.
Three reported killings were reported on Monday, April 23. The first occurred in la colonia México Lindo at 7:50 pm where an unknown male was killed by gunfire. The second was reported at 8:30 pm in colonia Campos where three males were attacked by multiple gunmen, resulting in two dying from their wounds and the third transported to a hospital, according to local reports.
The weekend violence showed no signs of reduction as five men were killed in less than 12 hours, between Saturday night, April 21, and Sunday morning, April 22, in various parts of the city, according to local media reports.
The deadly 12-hour span began at 3:45 am in colonia Praderas de la Gloria where two men were shot and one was pronounced dead at the scene–the second was transported to a hospital.
The next killing was reported at 5:41 am when motorists passing through colonia Ampliación Guaycura witnessed an armed attack. Upon arrival of emergency personnel, they discovered a deceased male victim later identified Jesús Solórzano Guillén, 38, with a gunshot wound to the head.
At 8:44 am, investigators from the state attorney general's office were summoned to colonia Valle de las Palmas regarding a suspicious bag abandoned in a road. Investigators discovered the human remains of an unknown male with signs of trauma.
An hour later at 9:50 am, authorities responded to a call of a subject down in colonia Jardines de la Mesa, where an unknown male murder victim was discovered with a fatal gunshot wound.
Breitbart Texas previously reported on 11 registered murders during a 24-hour span for the week of April 16, which brought the monthly total to 650 as of last Tuesday.
The cartel violence in the city has been attributed to a resurgence of remnants from the Cártel de Los Arellano Félix, which is now operating under the name of Cártel Tijuana Nueva Generación (CTNG). The group aligns itself with El Cártel de Jalisco Nueva Generación.
The two criminal groups are engaged in a turf dispute with the Sinaloa Cartel. In some areas, rival factions within the Sinaloa Cartel are fighting for control of the lucrative street-level markets and valuable routes leading into the United States.
Robert Arce is a retired Phoenix Police detective with extensive experience working Mexican organized crime and street gangs. Arce has worked in the Balkans, Iraq, Haiti, and recently completed a three-year assignment in Monterrey, Mexico, working out of the Consulate for the United States Department of State, International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Program, where he was the Regional Program Manager for Northeast Mexico (Coahuila, Tamaulipas, Nuevo Leon, Durango, San Luis Potosi, Zacatecas.) You can connect with him on Twitter.
Astute fans may have noticed a new accessory around Ryan Gosling‘s neck recently: the dog tags of his beloved pup, George. And on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on Friday, Gosling confirmed some sad news: George died in December at the age of 17.
“He was a good friend to me,” Gosling told DeGeneres, a fellow animal lover and mom to three rescue dogs. The Blade Runner 2049 star said his pooch traveled everywhere with him, joining him on the set of nearly every film he's made.
As he started to age, he looked “like an aging rockstar,” Gosling joked. “He was sort of skinny-fat, had big hair and no teeth, open sores — but still sexy.”
He also shared some funny memories of his furry BFF.
“It's funny to say ‘dog' because I feel like there was something about George where he felt like being a dog was beneath him,” Gosling said. “He would not do tricks. If you wanted him to even sit down you had to kind of convince him it was in his best interest.
“One time we were at an outdoor restaurant and he was sort of sitting on the pavement, looking forlorn down the street,” Gosling continued. “Someone got up to go to the restroom, and I guess he'd had enough, and he got up on their seat and sat down at the table like a gentleman and looked around the table, like, ‘Yeah, that's right.' ”
With George's loss still fresh on his mind — and two young daughters at home with partner Eva Mendes — Gosling said now isn't the right time for a new dog. But never say never: “We'll see,” he told DeGeneres.
Relationships beneficial to the Kingdom continue to flow from the National African American Fellowship (NAAF) nearly 25 years after its 1994 founding, NAAF president Byron Day said in advance of the group's 2018 annual meeting June 10-11 in Dallas.
BP file photo by Jeremy Scott
The praise team from Word Church in Mesa, Ariz., leads worship during the 2017 National African American Fellowship dinner in Phoenix.
“NAAF today continues to be a valuable resource to [Southern Baptist] African American churches and the convention at large,” said Day, pastor of Emmanuel Baptist Church in Laurel, Md. “NAAF seeks to be a bridge-builder among our racially diverse convention, particularly during this highly charged racial climate in America.
“Most importantly,” Day said, “NAAF is dedicated to strengthening our churches through partnerships with one another to do Kingdom building.”
NAAF, a fellowship of about 4,000 churches, will forgo its traditional Sunday service to worship with the Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) Pastors' Conference from 6-9 p.m. June 10 in support of H.B. Charles, the conference's first African American president and pastor of Shiloh Metropolitan Baptist Church in Jacksonville, Fla. NAAF is pursuing plans to send representatives to Sunday morning worship at two Dallas-area churches and recommend those churches as worship sites for out-of-town annual meeting guests.
NAAF's meeting is held in conjunction with the 2018 SBC Annual Meeting June 12-13 at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center.
Day completes his presidential term in June and will deliver his presidential sermon at NAAF's annual banquet, 6:30 p.m. June 11 at the Omni Dallas Hotel.
In its 4 p.m. business meeting June 11 at the Omni, NAAF will elect new officers and regional directors.
Current vice president Marshal Ausberry, senior pastor of Antioch Baptist Church in Fairfax Station, Va., is slated to lead NAAF as the 2018-2019 president. Expected to join him on the leadership team are Frank Williams, vice president, pastor of Wake-Eden Community Baptist Church in the Bronx, N.Y.; Bucas Sterling III, secretary, pastor of Kettering Baptist Church in Upper Marlboro, Md.; John Rollins, treasurer, pastor of Simeon Baptist Church in Antioch, Tenn.; Robert Wilson, historian, pastor of Light of the Word Baptist Church in Atlanta; and Calvin McMullen, parliamentarian, pastor of Community Life Baptist Church, Milledgeville, Ga.
Tapped as regional directors are Jerome Coleman, Eastern Region, pastor of First Baptist Church of Cresmont, Willow Grove, Pa.; Jeffery Friend, Central Region, pastor of Suburban Baptist Church, New Orleans; Garland Moore, Mountain Region, pastor of Immanuel Baptist Church in Milan, N.M.; and Kevin James, Western Region, pastor of New Creation Bible Fellowship in Tracy, Calif. All presidents of African American Fellowships at the state level serve as NAAF vice presidents at-large.
Terry M. Turner, senior pastor of Mesquite Friendship Baptist Church in Mesquite, Texas, will deliver the annual business meeting devotional.
Also on NAAF's schedule is the Send North American Luncheon June 11 at 11:30 a.m. at the Omni.
NAAF, according to its bylaws, exists to work in harmony with the SBC in fulfilling the Great Commission through support of the Cooperative Program; to sensitize the SBC and its entities to the concerns of the African American community; and to help one another in evangelism, church planting and church growth.
Banquet tickets, at $65 each, may be purchased and NAAF membership contributions may be made at treasurer@naafsbc.org, t.mcbride@naafsbc.org or at NAAF's website, naafsbc.org.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Diana Chandler is Baptist Press' general assignment writer/editor.)
× Parents charged after teething baby thrown from unstrapped car seat lands on head
CONWAY, S.C. – Two South Carolina parents face child neglect charges after a teething baby was allegedly thrown from his unstrapped car seat by his father.
According to The State, 22-year-old Jacob Lowman became “angry” on March 10 when his son started to cry, so he threw the baby's car seat in the air. The unstrapped child flew out of the seat and landed on his head.
The child's mother, Juliana Biggerstaff, said she tried to take the boy to the hospital but Lowman said he'd be taken away from them if she did; so she decided to “feed him a bottle to get him to stop crying” instead.
Police say Biggerstaff is charged because police said she didn't contact authorities about the child's injury.
“[Biggerstaff] never tried seeking care for the victim and had ample opportunity to contact emergency services to check on the victim's injuries,” the report said.
Lowman and Biggerstaff were arrested on Thursday and posted $5,000 bonds on Friday.
Pro-life demonstrators held rallies Feb. 11 at more than 220 Planned Parenthood clinics in 45 states to advocate withdrawing government funds from America's largest abortion provider.
Photo from Instagram.
A pro-life rally in Columbia, Mo., drew some 100 demonstrators, including college students.
Meanwhile, a petition drive led by Southern Baptists' Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission (ERLC) has garnered nearly 8,000 signatures on a letter asking Congress “to support the budget resolution that defunds Planned Parenthood and redirects funding to federally qualified health centers.”
Federally qualified health centers, which meet women's health care needs without providing abortions, outnumber Planned Parenthood centers in America by a 13 to 1 margin, according to Protestpp.com, the official website of Saturday's rallies.
The rallies – sponsored by a coalition of pro-life groups under the banner of #ProtestPP – included prayer and speakers.
U.S. Rep. Marsha Blackburn, chair of the House Select Investigative Panel that recommended defunding Planned Parenthood in December, told Baptist Press (BP) “it's encouraging to see so many people coming out to support the pro-life cause.”
“The American taxpayer has made it clear time and time again: taxpayer money should not be spent on abortions,” Blackburn, R-Tenn., said in a statement. “Defunding Planned Parenthood is not about stripping health care from women, but protecting our most basic right. The right to life. It's about continuing the process to protect our most vulnerable and doing what taxpayers sent us to Washington to do.”
In some locations, pro-life demonstrators drew even larger counter-demonstrations in support of Planned Parenthood, according to media reports.
Bonnie Lee, a Southern Baptist nurse who was among speakers at a Columbia, Mo., rally, told BP counter-protests unwittingly helped the demonstrations by drawing more media attention.
Photo courtesy of Kathy Forck.
Bonnie Lee was among the speakers at a Feb. 11 rally outside the Planned Parenthood center in Columbia, Mo.
Approximately 100 pro-life demonstrators in Columba were met by some 150 Planned Parenthood supporters, she said.
Protestpp.com includes a link to 99 separate press reports on the rallies compiled by Google News and notes “outstanding media coverage throughout the United States.”
Lee noted, “Our purpose in sponsoring the rally was to encourage the defunding of Planned Parenthood with our tax monies because they are abortion providers. Their main business is abortion.
... Our taxes should not go to them to support the business in any way.”
The $553 million that Planned Parenthood receives from state and federal governments annually represents 43 percent of the organization's budget, according to Protestpp.com. Of that amount, $430 million comes from the federal government.
Though no federal funds directly subsidize abortions, Lee said tax dollars help make abortions possible.
“What you don't use on one thing, you use for something else,” Lee said. “So if you put tax money in, it frees up other money to go to these other projects that help provide abortion.”
Planned Parenthood's oft-repeated claim that only 3 percent of its business is abortion is misleading, Lee said, because various services rendered to support abortion are counted separately.
If, for example, a woman receives a pregnancy test, an ultrasound, a test for sexually transmitted disease, an abortion and a post-abortion follow-up – all of which are medically necessary to perform an abortion – Planned Parenthood counts her as having received four services other than abortion, according to Lee's explanation.
One of every eight women to visit a Planned Parenthood clinic gets an abortion there, Protestpp.com stated.
Lee said she and other demonstrators are concerned that Planned Parenthood clinics harm women in addition to ending the lives of unborn children.
A longtime pro-life advocate and counselor outside the Columbia Planned Parenthood center, Lee alleged the center once refused to see a post-abortive woman for her follow-up appointment because she stopped to talk with pro-life demonstrators on the way in.
On another occasion, Lee said, she accompanied a post-abortive woman with potentially life-threatening complications to an OB/GYN because the Planned Parenthood clinic would not provide adequate care.
“I don't want my tax money going to a place that does not give care,” Lee said.
The ERLC's petition drive ends March 1 and is accessible through erlc.com.
In 2008, a Southern Baptist Convention resolution called Congress to defund Planned Parenthood.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – David Roach is chief national correspondent for Baptist Press, the Southern Baptist Convention's news service.)
MARCIA CROSS
Although a majority of people may recognize her from Desperate Housewives, Cross made a major splash with her five-season stint on Melrose Place, which delivered one of the show's most memorable scenes — when her character, Dr, Kimberly Shaw, revealed her scar after pulling off her wig. "I was doing Twelfth Night at the Old Globe in San Diego at the time they said Kimberly was coming back. I enjoyed doing Melrose but didn't want to give up the play. I decided to do both at the same time. My agent even said, 'Don't do it.' I just said, 'Watch me.' I remember flying up from San Diego to the set in Oxnard, going from Shakespeare to pulling off a wig to show a scar," Cross told The Hollywood Reporter about the big moment. "After that twist, and seeing how people went kooky for it, I realized, 'Oh god, this is real!' I didn't really understand what was going on for a long while until then." As for what she's up to now? Cross, a married mom of two, is back on TV with a starring role in Quantico.
'There's nothing imminent today. But make no mistake about it ... the increased chance that there will be a nuclear missile in Denver is a very serious threat,' says CIA Director Mike Pompeo
Published 1:00 AM, August 14, 2017
WASHINGTON, USA – CIA Director Mike Pompeo offered assurances Sunday, August 13, there was "nothing imminent" in the US standoff with nuclear-armed North Korea but said he wouldn't be surprised if Pyongyang conducted another missile test.
Pompeo's remarks cap a week in which US President Donald Trump vowed "fire and fury" if North Korea continued to threaten the United States with nuclear weapons, and Pyongyang countered by announcing plans to test-launch missiles toward Guam.
Asked how worried people should be, Pompeo told Fox News Sunday: "Nothing imminent."
"There's nothing imminent today. But make no mistake about it ... the increased chance that there will be a nuclear missile in Denver is a very serious threat."
Pressed on his "nothing imminent" statement, Pompeo said: "What I'm talking about is, I've heard folks talking about that we have been on the cusp of a nuclear war. No intelligence that would indicate we are in that place today." (READ: Guam residents pray for peace as North Korea deadline looms)
He said the US intelligence community has "a pretty good idea" about what's going on in North Korea.
He added that he was confident North Korea would continue to develop its missile capabilities under its leader Kim Jong-Un, "so it wouldn't surprise me if there was another test.
"He conducted two in July so it wouldn't surprise me if there's another missile test," Pompeo said.
'Very grave threat'
The missile tests last month demonstrated that the nuclear-armed regime now has intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) capable of reaching the US mainland, experts said.
The Washington Post reported this week that the US Defense Intelligence Agency has concluded that North Korea has developed a miniaturized nuclear warhead that could be put atop an ICBM.
Pompeo declined to say how long it will be before North Korea could carry out such a nuclear attack on the US mainland.
"It is probably fair to say that they are moving towards that at an ever alarming rate."
US National Security Adviser HR McMaster echoed the tenor of Pompeo's remarks, saying the threat posed by North Korea is "coming to a head," but adding in an interview on ABC, "we're not closer to war than a week ago."
"Our response is we're prepared militarily to deal with this if necessary. We're taking all possible actions short of military action, to resolve this very grave threat to the United States and the world." (READ: Will North Korea's missile threats affect Filipinos?) – Rappler.com
Thursday for his Fox News Channel show's opening monologue, host Sean Hannity criticized those using Sunday's mass shooting in Las Vegas to call into question the Second Amendment of the Constitution.
He specifically called out New York Times columnist Bret Stephens, who in a column posted earlier this week said it might be time to repeal the Second Amendment.
According to Hannity, such a move would keep people from having the ability to protect themselves from those seeking to do harm.
Transcript as follows:
As authorities continue to search for a motive in the Vegas massacre, we are learning chilling new details about this investigation. According to reports, Stephen Paddock may have been scouting out other potential mass shooting targets. Now, in August he reportedly booked hotel room in Chicago. That overlooked the Lollapalooza Music Festival but never set foot in the city. Chicago police are telling FOX News that they believe that Stephen Paddock did in fact booked the room.
Also reports tonight that Paddock researched hotel rooms in Boston near Fenway Park where the Red Sox play. The Las Vegas Journal review, they are reporting that Paddock shot at jet fuel tanks nearby McCarran International Airport during this massacre. Now, two of the bullets hit one of the tanks and one bullet actually penetrated the tank.
Thankfully, that did not cause an explosion. And according to ABC News, Paddock was seen with a woman who is not his girlfriend in the days before the shooting. NBC News reporting the girlfriend Marilou Danley has now told investigators that Paddock would lie in bed moaning and screaming and according to Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo, the weekend before this mass shooting, Paddock rented and checked into a Las Vegas high-rise condo that overlooked yet another separate music festival.
Now, Sheriff Lombardo also revealed last night that he thinks Paddock had to have received help and plan to survive this attack. Now, the Sheriff added that 50 pounds of an explosive that's called tannerite was found in the suspect's car. Along with 1600 rounds. Now, the AP is also reporting that in addition to other possible planned attacks, Paddock may have also plotted a car bombing.
Now, that information is beyond troubling. And tonight we have questions that need to be answered. Who if anybody helped Paddock carry out this operation? What was Paddock planning to do with a car full of explosives that could be used to make bombs? How did Paddock plan to escape this shooting and why did Paddock rent rooms in Chicago and Vegas during other concerts? Was he planning to do this multiple times and then trying to escape?
And the most important question today, of course it remains unanswered. Why? What would motivate this individual to commit such evil, atrocities against innocent men, women, and children? We need answers to all these questions. And also tonight, the left liberal celebrities in the media, they continue to play politics, they're trying to use this tragedy to use in advance their gun control agenda.
And tonight, some are even calling for the shredding of the constitution and the eradicating or our Second Amendment and our right to keep and to bear arms. Now, take a look at this headline from the so-called conservative New York Times writer Bret Stephens who is also a contributor over at that conspiracy so-called news network, MSNBC, Quote, “Repeal the Second Amendment.”
And then Stevens goes on to write, quote, “Repealing the amendment may seem like political mission impossible today but in the era of same-sex marriage, it's worth recalling that most great causes began as improbable ones. Gun ownership should never be outlawed. Just as it isn't outlawed in Britain and Australia but it doesn't need a blanket constitutional protection either.”
Yes. Good luck in those countries getting a gun. And as we have showed you in great detail last night, banning guns does not prevent crime. Just the opposite. More guns prevent crime. More guns save lives and by the way, it appears these people on the left don't care about the constitution. All banning guns will do is prevent good people from having the ability to protect themselves and their families from those that do us harm.
And unlike a lot of these celebrities and politicians, they don't have armed guards and they don't have big houses with expensive security systems and people out there protecting them among bodyguards everywhere they go. So, if people like Michael Moore, Brett Stevens, you really believe in repealing the Second Amendment, here's a simple question I need you to answer.
God forbid for anybody, someone breaks into your home. Well, you have your family, your wife, your children. Would you want a gun? Would you want to have been trained in the use of a firearm and It's safety to protect your wife and family? Now, what Brett Stevens is doing is shameful. He's using this massacre here in Vegas to push a liberal agenda. One that is not constitutional. And it's pretty obvious at this point that he's only pretending to be a conservative.
By the way, that's a New York Times conservative. He isn't. Now, Hollywood liberal Michael Moore, he wants to repeal what he now calls the ancient and outdated Second Amendment and put in place European-style restrictions that essentially banned you, the American people, from buying arms to protect yourself and your families. Now, these Hollywood liberals like Moore such huge hypocrite when it comes to the issue.
How many live in those gated communities? How many can afford private security? How may buy the best and most expensive security systems but yet they would disarm law-abiding citizens who can only rely on themselves to protect their families? You want an example, take a look at this video security from the Emmys last year. You are the American taxpayer, you put at least some of the bill to keep these prima donna celebrities safe at their self-congratulatory red carpet award shows one after another.
And security was extra tight last year because of terror threats. Now, take a look at some of these headlines. No expenses spared to keep the celebrities safe and happy. Variety, Oscars, LAPD, plans for multiple scenarios with three peers of security. Deadline, Hollywood, Golden Globes, ramped up security. Leading to longer waits for the celebrities. Here's another headline from Hollywood. Emmys security will be severely in hand after London subway attack.
And as you can see, it is beyond the height of hypocrisy. Here's another thing that these people on the left and members of this biased, abusive press in this country will never tell you. The left doesn't believe in the Second Amendment. You heard Michael Moore say it. He thinks part of the constitution is outdated. It is why every time tragedy strikes, the left races and rushes to judgment. Pushing an agenda. Do you have a right to protect yourself, your family, your wives and children? Now, this new examples from the liberal mainstream media, take a look at this.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Now, we have to turn to renewed calls. Shouts, begs for gun restrictions in the wake of the Las Vegas mass shooting.
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: The Second Amendment is there for a reason. You can own your gun but it does not extend to allowing an individual to own 47 guns, high-powered semiautomatic weapon guns.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The idea now that they are going to rouse themselves to action on bump stocks. That is putting a Band-Aid on a broken leg. There's so much more that could be done.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you want to buy a gun, a handgun, a long gun, do you want to buy 49 of them? Feel free. But you're also going to have to buy an insurance policy. Minimum of say, 25 grand.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Ninety percent of the public, Democrats and Republicans favor closing any and all private sale and gun show loopholes that exist.
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: So, I asked Sarah Sanders the question, is the President, does he value the First Amendment as much as he values the Second Amendment?
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: And watch what Democratic Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi — oh, doesn't she have security? What she had to say about bump stocks. Now, the attachment that Stephen Paddock did used to make a semiautomatic rifle move at a faster pace. Fire more like an automatic weapon. Watch what she says.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
REP. NANCY PELOSI (D), CALIFORNIA: Many people who are serious gun owners say, I have a background check, they should have a background check too. In an event like that, so what? They're going to say, do you give them, bump stock, it's going to be a slippery slope. I certainly hope so. But I don't think bump stocks should be a substitute for the background check. And by the way, the background check is a compromise. There are many more things members want to do.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
HANNITY: Nancy Pelosi, she's not even trying to hide the left's true intentions. They want to ban all guns. Democrats, the media, which is so corrupt and abusively so and ideological, what they conveniently not telling you, it was the Obama administration that originally approved the sale of those bump stocks back in 2010. Democrats, are you serious about looking into bump stocks?
Okay, let's do it. The NRA, they came out today and so those products should be subject to regulation. Let's have the debate. Let's come up with common sense solutions but don't take away the rights of law abiding citizens. And what the left should not be doing is using a tragedy while people are still in the hospital and parents, I was there today. They are waiting and hoping and praying that their children will recover from the injuries.
The left has their rigid radical anti-gun agenda. And they are wanting to disarm millions of law-abiding American citizens and that would prevent them from being able to protect themselves, their children, their wives, their families.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
× Texas A&M cancels ‘white lives matter' rally
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — A Texas lawmaker says Texas A&M University won't host a “white lives matter” rally on the campus next month.
Republican state Rep. John Raney said Monday that university chancellor John Sharp told him the event had been canceled due to “hate messages” on social media and police concerns of violence. The event had been scheduled for Sept. 11.
Raney made the announcement on the floor of the Texas House of Representatives just hours after lawmakers said they were working to stop the rally from taking place.
Texas A&M officials confirmed the event had been canceled.
The event was organized by a former A&M student who said he was inspired by a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday.
That event erupted in violence as protesters and counterprotesters clashed. Police say a 20-year-old man rammed in his car into a group of the counterprotesters, killing a woman and injuring at least 19.
A former teacher of the man says he idolized Adolf Hitler and was fascinated with Nazism.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
PARIS (AFP) – Vogue Paris is to become the first French magazine to feature a transgender model on its cover, according the honour to Valentina Sampaio of Brazil for its March edition.
Calling Sampaio the “glam standard-bearer of a cause that is on the march”, the French edition of Vogue describes the 22-year-old as a “femme fatale” who happened to be born a boy.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“Beyond her evident physical qualities and her sparkling personality, (Sampaio) embodies… a long and painful fight against being perceived as a ‘gender exile',” Emmanuelle Alt, the magazine's editor-in-chief, writes in her editor's letter.
A sultry Sampaio, bathed in dark purple and blue light, appears over the words “Transgender Beauty”, with a subtitle reading “How they are shaking up the world,” on the cover to appear on newsstands February 23.
Transgender people are increasingly emerging from the shadows.
Caitlyn Jenner, a former male US decathlon star, made history by coming out with the June 2015 cover of Vanity Fair, prompting Glamour US magazine to name her woman of the year.
“Vogue supports and chooses to celebrate” transgender people “in a post-gender world,” Alt writes.
She pays homage to other transgender figures who have preceded Sampaio and Jenner such as Lea T, the muse of Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci.
She also recalls the trauma endured by supermodel Caroline Cossey, who was an extra in the 1981 film “For Your Eyes Only” and posed for Playboy that year before being outed by Britain's now-defunct News of the World tabloid in 1982.
In December, the US magazine National Geographic's cover story was titled “Gender Revolution” and featured Avery Jackson, a nine-year-old transgender girl.
Laverne Cox, who stars in the TV series “Orange Is the New Black”, was on the cover of Time magazine in June 2014.
Cosmetics group L'Oréal Paris has selected 24-year-old transgender model and actress Hari Nef to represent its latest foundation cream in a global ad campaign.
Alt writes: “The day when a transsexual poses for a magazine cover and it will be no longer necessary to write an editorial on the subject, we will know that the fight has been won.”
Students and faculty at Michigan State University slammed the choice of former Michigan Gov. John Engler as the school's new interim president.
The spoke out during a town hall on Thursday addressing the Larry Nassar sexual abuse scandal. The former longtime school employee has been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison for the sexual assault of young female athletes.
People cited a lack of input from teachers and students before making a decision. Notably, they also brought up Engler's handling of sexual abuse cases in prisons while he was governor.
"What were you thinking?" doctoral candidate Dee Jordan said, angrily directing her question to MSU Board of Trustee member Brian Mosallam.
Just one day before the meeting, the board of trustees voted unanimously to select Engler, chosen after Lou Anna Simon announced her resignation on January 24 in the wake of the scandal. She had come under fire for what critics say is the mishandling of the scandal.
Michigan State has faced significant criticism for employing Nassar, the former USA Gymnastics doctor, for years, even as he sexually abused young athletes on campus. The former associate professor and team physician at MSU admitted in court that he sexually abused young girls under the guise of providing medical treatment.
The trustees said Wednesday that they believed that "it is in the university's best interest to appoint an interim president from outside the institution to provide strong leadership during this critical time."
But students and faculty said the board took no input from them before making its decision. Engler is a longtime Republican politician who was governor from January 1, 1991 to January 1, 2003.
"Engler refused to allow investigators of sexual assault at women's prisons (as governor,)" Jordan said, in tears. "You had a choice on the matter. 'Yes,' 'no,' or 'abstain.' And you chose to vote 'yes.' I'll never look at you the same again."
Mosallam told the crowd he did not agree with the board's decision to select Engler as interim president, but he voted for him "for the sake of unification, I agreed to vote with the majority."
To this, one attendee yelled, "You're a coward."
Speaking before students, faculty and journalists on Wednesday, Engler said his main concern as interim president would be to the survivors of sexual abuse. He received criticism there, too. One woman who said she was a "faculty person" said the board wasn't soliciting feedback from the faculty. People chanted "shame" as Engler and the board left the room.
FAA says it won't regulate amount of airline legroom
Federal regulators have rejected the idea of setting minimum standards for airline seats and legroom as a safety measure.
The Federal Aviation Administration said Tuesday that it saw no immediate safety issue that requires new regulations. It cited seven recent accidents in which passengers were able to evacuate.
The FAA was responding to a group called FlyersRights, which had gone to court to prod the agency to act.
FlyersRights said cramped planes combined with the larger size of today's passengers means that planes can't be evacuated in 90 seconds, as required.
"In the real world, people are taking a lot longer than 90 seconds to get out," Paul Hudson, a lawyer for the group, said in an interview. He said the FAA relied on tests from the 1990s using people who "don't' resemble the profile of American passengers today."
The FAA turned down FlyersRights once before, but last year a federal appeals court ordered the agency to take another look at the issue, saying the FAA had relied on outdated or irrelevant tests and studies. Hudson said the group may go back to the appeals court to force the FAA to act.
A couple of decades ago, the distance between one seatback and the seatback in the next row — what airlines call "pitch" — measured about 35 inches in economy class. Today on some planes it is as tight as 28 inches, although thinner seat cushions offset some of the shrinkage. Seat width has changed far less, if at all.
Airplane manufacturers submitted videos of evacuation tests to argue that new rules are not needed. Boeing said that in 1996 it tested planes with 351 passengers and 28 inches of pitch, and the results met FAA evacuation standards.
Jeffrey Gardlin, a safety engineer who has worked for FAA for 36 years, said large passengers can take longer to escape exits, so the agency sets minimum sizes for over-wing exits. But, he said, size doesn't make much difference in the time it takes to get from a seat to the aisle.
In an affidavit, Gardlin cited seven accidents since 2015 in which passengers were able to escape planes designed to meet current standards. Some passengers were hurt during evacuations but none died in fires, even those that destroyed the plane. He said there were no reports that seat size or row pitch slowed any of the evacuations.
Tuesday's decision is not necessarily the final word on aircraft seats.
A House-passed bill would direct the FAA to set minimum seat sizes, although it leaves the decision on the exact measures to the agency. The bill is pending in the Senate.
Last month, the Transportation Department's inspector general announced a review of the FAA's evacuation standards, noting that today's planes have more seats, passengers are larger, and they have more carry-on bags.
The inspector general was responding to a request from members of the House Transportation Committee, which followed a confused evacuation of an American Airlines jet in Chicago after an engine fire.
___
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
(AP) – AOL announced Friday that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. In a blog post , a spokesman for AOL's parent company explained the platform's demise as the casualty of the evolving way people communicate.
“AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed,” wrote Michael Albers, vice president of communications at Oath.
The program will still function until Dec. 15 After that date, users won't be able to sign in and all data will be deleted. AOL says people with an aim.com email address will still be able to use it.
Launched in 1997, AOL Instant Messenger was at the forefront of what was called at the time the biggest trend in online communication since email.
The platform, which provided instant access to friends and contacts on a user's “buddy list,” was wildly popular for the first few years after its launch. It claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001.
AOL was fiercely protective of its dominance in the instant messaging market. It fended off rivals, including Microsoft, by blocking their messaging platforms from communicating with AOL users. Its actions prompted a coalition of rivals to complain to the federal government ahead of AOL's ill-fated merger with Time Warner that was completed in 2001.
Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Despite the decline in usage, the announcement Friday made the platform a trending topic online and revealed an outpouring of nostalgia. Some users posted images of the AIM's famous “running man” logo outfitted with wings and a halo. Others reminisced.
In his post, Albers noted the strong affinity many feel for the messaging platform and its place in the evolution of communication.
“In the late 1990s, the world had never seen anything like it,” he wrote.
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump signaled on Wednesday he could be moving closer to the mainstream on monetary policy, saying he had not ruled out reappointment of Janet Yellen to a new four-year term as Fed chair as he considers his choices for the central bank.
In an interview with the Wall Street Journal, Trump was asked if Yellen was "toast" when her term expires in February, a question that reflected a widespread assumption that he would put his own stamp on the monetary authority rather than rely on former President Barack Obama's choice to run the Fed.
Trump replied with his most explicit comments about the Fed since taking office, saying that Yellen was "not toast," that he had "respect" for her, and that he would prefer the Fed to keep interests rates low.
Though rates are rising under Yellen they remain low by historic standards. Yellen and other policymakers have emphasized that rates will rise only gradually in the months ahead, and that monetary policy would remain loose for perhaps years to come.
The Fed said it would not comment on Trump's remarks. Yellen, who like Trump turned 70 last summer, has said little about the subject other than that she intended to serve out her current four year term.
Trump will have a chance to appoint five of the seven members of the Fed's Washington-based Board of Governors, including a currently open job of vice-chair in charge of financial supervision.
His comments on Wednesday were cast in general terms. During the campaign he talked from both extremes - criticizing Yellen as a political hack who kept interest rates low to help the Obama administration, but also saying that as a businessman he liked to borrow cheap.
For President Trump, lower or slower-growing interest rates could make it easier to pay for any infrastructure program he proposes, and slow what has been a steady rise in the dollar that makes U.S. exports more expensive and hurts manufacturers.
In complimenting Yellen and citing the advantages of loose policy, Trump also appeared to downplay the likelihood he intends to reshape U.S. monetary policy along the lines called for by some of the more conservative voices in the Republican party.
Some key Republicans want the Fed to set monetary policy based on a mathematical rule. The most commonly used versions of those rules would recommend much higher rates for the U.S. at this point, with inflation near the Fed's target and the economy near full employment.
“Maybe he's learning on the job,” said Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Chicago-based Northern Trust. While his statements as a candidate were aimed at the election, he is now in an administration being counseled by more orthodox voices sensitive to what is needed to keep global bond markets on an even keel, he said.
“It's not easy to find somebody who is going to have credibility in that job," he said of Yellen and her possible replacement. "The confirmation process is not an assured thing these days. And the markets weigh in if they were to nominate somebody who didn't share the Fed's view of itself as independent.”
(Reporting by Howard Schneider; Additional reporting by Ann Saphir in San Francisco; Editing by Tomasz Janowski)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Uber has removed its self-driving cars from the roads following what is believed to be the first fatality involving a fully autonomous car.
A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, Arizona, Sunday night, according to the Tempe police. The department is investigating the crash.
A driver was behind the wheel at the time, the police said.
“The vehicle involved is one of Uber's self-driving vehicles,” the Tempe police said in a statement. “It was in autonomous mode at the time of the collision, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel.”
Autonomous mode means the car is driving on its own. During tests, a person sits behind the wheel as a safeguard.
Uber is conducting tests of autonomous vehicles in Arizona, Pittsburgh, Toronto and other areas. Uber said it has stopped testing the vehicles throughout the United States and Canada.
Uber said it is “fully cooperating” with local officials. “Our hearts go out to the victim's family,” Uber said in a statement.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
HEARST -
The Kirkland Lake Gold Miners built up an early three-goal lead but eventually needed overtime to get past the Lumberjacks 5-4 in a NOJHL East Division match-up Sunday at the Claude Larose Arena.
The Gold Miners struck quickly to get off to fast start in the contest, as Garett Gietuga notched his first career NOJHL tally just 24 seconds after the opening face-off.
Kirkland Lake kept coming and added another just over two minutes later while shorthanded, as Sam Ellwood picked up his fifth of the campaign, which also spelled an early end to Hearst starter Nicholas Dube's day in favour of back-up Matt Kustra.
Going on the power play, the visitors then made it 3-0 at 6:47 with Declan Carter upping the cushion to three.
Hearst did regroup after that though as they countered 53 seconds later thanks to Bradley Golant's 13th goal of the season to narrow the deficit by one.
Continuing to battle back, the Lumberjacks added another before the first period came to a close as Samuel Bourdages supplied his 12th at 18:18 to make it 3-2 after one.
Action in the middle stanza however saw Ellwood add his second of day midway through the frame to put the Gold Miners back up by a pair through 40 minutes of play.
In the third, Hearst rallied once more to force extra time thanks to a Max Johnson man advantage effort at 3:55 and Golant's second of the game and team-leading 14th of the season with 7:11 remaining in regulation.
The Gold Miners would eventually prevail in overtime, however, thanks to Tyler Fyfe's NOJHL-best 24th goal of the season at 1:45 to give the visitors the victory.
Marshal Nikitin dished out two assists to help the Kirkland Lake cause while Spencer Silver had a pair of helpers for the Lumberjacks.
Ryan Winter picked up the win for the Gold Miners, making 28 saves along the way, helping them improve to 16-12-4-2 overall.
Kustra suffered the setback in lengthy relief for Hearst, who fell to 12-14-2-0 as he had 23 stops on 26 attempts.
Dube saw three shots in his brief stint in net.
By Mike Greenblatt
Mac Rebennack, also known as Dr. John, at 77, is taking a break. The thought that we may never get to see him on a stage again is quite sobering. But, then again, we still might. Either way, there is much to celebrate about this great man's achievements. Especially when you think that he was run out of his native New Orleans on a rail when he was 28 and told to never come back.
So what did he do?
He headed west, ended up in Los Angeles where he became the go-to guy on a lot of Hollywood sessions just like he was back in Louisiana but with one difference. He steered clear of the law. He continued doing heroin, of course, but he didn't pimp, he didn't push drugs and he threw his gun away. Then he rechristened himself Dr. John, The Night Tripper and recorded his debut as a solo artist, one of the greatest albums of all-time, 1968's Gris-Gris.
Gris-Gris is now 50. It still stands tall, sounding as swampy, soothing, funky, sexy, mysterious, psychedelic and laden with enough voodoo to steal one's heart and mind. It was, and is, a true adventurous hippie trip despite there being no rock ‘n' roll within its mere seven tracks. But it opened up America to the inner sanctum of New Orleans culture like a travel guide on LSD. In other words, it has yet to lose its singular charm and pioneering essence. It sounded like nothing that had ever been recorded at the time and still, 50 years later, nothing recorded since. In a word, it's timeless.
The prospect of speaking with Mac was a daunting one. I had met him once in the Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania in the 1980s. He looked like a dandy, all spiffed up, beads around his neck, double-breasted suit, rose in his lapel, Beatle boots, walking cane and when he strolled onstage the place went wild. There was a real skull on his piano. Backstage, I stammered out my appreciative gushes and I think he got a big kick when I called him “The Architect of Rock ‘n' Roll” but I couldn't really tell. His Creole patois was so thick I could barely understand him and he purposely mangled words into a kind of hipster jargon. But he is, indeed, one of rock's great early architects. As a teenaged producer/arranger/guitarist, he had a hand in the creation of some of the earliest of the 1950's rock ‘n' roll and pre-rock ‘n' roll hits by such artists as Professor Longhair, Art Neville, Joe Tex, Frankie Ford and Allen Toussaint.
Getting the opportunity to email questions to the man himself was too good an opportunity to pass up so I asked him what the real reason was that he left New Orleans in 1965 for Hollywood. His answer was forthright, blunt and short. “After serving time in the joint,” he admitted, “I was invited not to go to or through New Orleans.”
He had switched to bass guitar before going to jail but prior to that, when he was barely 20, his left ring finger was shot off in a gun fight as he tried to protect his best friend, singer Ronnie Barron, thus precipitating him to become the greatest nine-fingered piano player in history. His life of crime didn't pay. He was sentenced to two years hard time in a Fort Worth, Texas federal prison.
Upon being released, he knew he couldn't go back to his home town so he headed west where he became a fixture within The Wrecking Crew, an amazing amalgam of West Coast musicians who played on almost every single song to come out of California in the 1960s, including hits by The Mamas & The Papas, Canned Heat, Frank Zappa & The Mothers of Invention, Van Morrison, The Monkees, Aretha Franklin and The Rolling Stones.
But he always loved that old voodoo magic. He took his name from the original Doctor John, an African Prince who set up shop in Haiti to cure the sick, sooth the savage soul and bring a world of hurt to your enemies with concoctions, herbs, chants and, most of all, his gris-gris (an amulet in a small cloth bag with numerous other ingredients), worn to protect oneself from demons or other dangerous entities. It is said the original Doctor John had 50 children by 15 wives and once he emigrated to New Orleans, he was the main competition for the much more feared Marie Laveau who, in the 1800s, practiced an aggressive brand of voodoo meant to bring ruin and devastation on whomever she chose.
“Gris Gris Gumbo Ya Ya” opens the album. “That was patterned around Voodoo church music,” says Mac, “but it wasn't the exact music or lyrics. I got affiliated to Gris-Gris with Deacon Frank Lastie in the Spiritual Church of New Orleans. His wife, the Reverend Mother, opened all that up to me. And I wrote ‘Danse Kalinda Ba Doom' about a girl who was dancing with us. She knew all the traditional voodoo dances despite bring trained in ballet.”
“Mama Roux,” according to Mac, is “a story about a Gris-Gris queen, and the little Red, White & Blue was a Mardi Gras Indian tribe. ‘Danse Fambeaux' was inspired by the spiritual part of the New Orleans scene. When I was coming up, everybody did little Gris-Gris things like herbal remedies. It's a big part of our culture.
“Producer Harold Battiste gave the record his style of psycho-delphia. Sonny & Cher gave us their studio time to cut the record. I didn't want to be the frontman but (singer) Ronnie Barron's manager thought it would be a bad career move for him. My conga player ‘Didymus' told me that if Bob Dylan can sing, then I can sing, too. I was shocked when Ahmet Ertegun said he was going to put out the record. He wasted 15 minutes of a Bobby Darin session saying at first ‘what is this crap?' But everyone has their own taste. Like Louis Armstrong once said, ‘there are two kinds of music, good and bad.'
“‘Jump Steady' is a Mardi Gras Indian-style thing from way back in the game.”
“Croker Courtbullion” made my beagles start howling. “That just means that music is the universable language,” Mac says.
This reporter was 17 when “I Walk On Gilded Splinters” became the go-to track of the nascent FM radio scene in '68. It gurgles, bubbles and erupts for over eight minutes of mysterioso whispering and chanting with black magic mojo like nothing anybody had ever heard before. Here was the kind of New Orleans off-limits to tourists. Dr. John opened up a Pandora's Box of Crescent City darkness, an aural equivalent of the kind of danger only denizens of the dark truly understand. For the rest of us, it was an open invitation to walk on the wild side, too daring not to venture within…and my generation, and every generation since, has delved down deep for a half-century of fascination. Yet all Mac has to say is, “all these cats like Jessie Hill and Dave Dixon put their whole spirit into (the album). New Orleans got more people in touch with the spirit kingdom than most other places. And Tami (Lynn) and Shirley (Goodman) sang their hearts out. You gotta do what's in your heart.”
The Oklahoma City Zoo and Botanical Garden announced the death of female pygmy hippopotamus Francesca, 26, on Wednesday, July 4.
Last week, Zoo veterinary staff said they conducted a full exam of Franny after caretakers observed decreased appetite, lethargy and signs of severe abdominal pain. During the exam, they discovered Franny had dental disease with possible bacterial infection and three teeth were removed. She was also treated for colic (severe intestinal inflammation) and IV fluids, antibiotics and anti-inflammatory drugs were administered.
Despite treatment, Francesca continued to decline displaying signs of severe gastrointestinal disease and blood analysis showed progressive kidney failure, according to Zoo officials. After undergoing several rounds of intensive care treatment to no effect, Francesca passed away Wednesday. The veterinary team will conduct a necropsy (animal autopsy) to determine the exact cause of death.
Darren Weir's belief that three-year-old colt Cliff's Edge's class would shine through was proved correct when he took out the Manfred Stakes at Caulfield.
Weir said in terms of fitness Saturday was like a barrier trial for the colt, as he needed the run. Weir said Cliff's Edge, who was competitive in the Mackinnon Stakes at his last start, would have his next start in the C.S. Hayes Stakes (1400m) before he tackled the Australian Guineas (1600m).
THE WIN DEBATE: HER CHASE FOR IMMORTALITY
TOP DEBUT: KINKY BOOM SHINES LIKE A DIAMOND
Weir said Cliff's Edge had come back to racing a better horse this time in as he was better physically and his action had improved. He said he would head to Sydney later in the autumn for the Rosehill Guineas.
Camera Icon Cliff's Edge returned with an impressive win in the Manfred Stakes. Picture: Getty Images
Meantime, trainer Nathan McPherson will stick with his plan to not throw his brilliant sprinting mare Eurack into the deep end despite her taking her record to four wins from four starts. McPherson is keen to try and keep her winning record intact.
McPherson, a roof tiler by trade, broke his elbow in an accident six weeks ago and thanked his friends who rallied around him and helped him to train the mare. McPherson has selected a Benchmark 84 at Flemington on March 3 for her next start.
Outsider swoops on tired Kitty
RANK outsider Lady Esprit spoiled the party for punters when she came from last to win the W.J. Adams Stakes (1000m) at Caulfield, running down the odds-on favourite Snitty Kitty.
Snitty Kitty ($1.75) took up the running from the start, but tired in the closing stages and went down by a long neck. Her jockey Beau Mertens said her fitness just gave out in the closing stages.
“She's set for the Oakleigh Plate and she was going in just a little short of her best — and that's what told in the closing stages,” he said. “I was happy with the run. She was just vulnerable in the closing stages.”
Trainer Aaron Purcell said Lady Esprit, who started $51, only ran because there were no other options.
Camera Icon Lady Esprit powered home to beat the hot favourite Snitty Kitty in the WJ Adams Stakes. Picture: Getty Images
“I didn't want to take on Snitty Kitty, but she's a 1000m horse and with her ratings we didn't have a lot of options,” he said. “She's quite a good fill — we thought the speed in the race would suit her swooping style but we weren't sure she'd be good enough.
“We were hoping she could run in the first three so she could get black type next to her name — winning is a bonus.”
Purcell said he didn't have any plans for Lady Esprit. “She might have a few days in the paddock then we'll sort out her options,” he said.
Her jockey Regan Bayliss said everything worked out perfectly. “She was very well weighted and as she gets back we needed everything to pan out perfect­ly,” he said.
Lady Esprit ran her last 200m in 10.99 seconds to come from last.
Nasdex, who was heavily backed from $7 into $3.90, ran third.
*****
HENRY Dwyer also kept the undefeated record of his three-year-old filly Paris Rock intact when she made it three wins from three starts with her win in the Ian Miller Handicap. Dwyer said he has been surprised by Paris Rock's constant improvement. “When she won her maiden I thought that might be it so then we threw her in a Benchmark 64 against older horses, which she won, then she's kept the improvement going for today.” Dwyer thanked his staff at St Leonards for preparing the filly as he said with the recent increase in his training numbers he hadn't been able to get down there.
Camera Icon Paris Rock maintained her unbeaten record on Saturday at Caulfield. Picture: AAP
*****
ROBBIE Laing believes Double Bluff is on track to make amends for his luckless run in last year's Adelaide Cup this year. Double Bluff proved Laing's confidence was spot on when he won the Robert Hunter Handicap (2400m) on Saturday. Last year Double Bluff finished second in the Adelaide Cup but Laing said the stayer was luckless, as he kept running into dead ends. Double Bluff was the third consecutive winner for Laing between Friday and Saturday — he also won with Zanahary at Moe and Cuban Fighter at Moonee Valley.
DID YOU SEE/HEAR?
THE winning run of the $700 galloper saved from the knackery Captain Material came to an end when he was just beaten in the opening race at Healesville on Saturday. His trainer Robert Kingston proved picnic horses can graduate to win in the city as he won with Midas Man at Moonee Valley on Friday night. Midas Man was ridden by jumps rider turned flat rider Clayton Douglas, and it was his first winner.
****
KERRIN McEvoy has made a spectacular return from being sidelined with a broken hand. He came back on Friday night with two rides without a win but he rode the first three winners for Chris Waller at Rosehill scoring on Charlayne, Performer and Fiesta and then made it a quartet of victories when he won the last on Don't Give A Damn.
Camera Icon Jockey Kerrin McEvoy didn't take long to find the winner's circle after returning from a broken hand, snaring four winners at Rosehill on Saturday. Picture: AAP
****
ROBBIE Laing has finally got his wish and found a stud for his sprinter Lord Of The Sky, who will stand at Kingstar Stud, Denman in the NSW Hunter Valley. Laing said the stud had already committed 90 mares to him for his first season. He said Lord Of The Sky could run in next Saturday's Orr Stakes or wait for the Newmarket Handicap.
****
HOW badly did last-start Flemington winners run at Caulfield on Saturday? They included four well fancied runners who never looked like winning. They were Twitchy Frank ($2.50 — 5th), Last Week ($2.30 — Last), Willi Willi ($3.10 — 7th — $3.10) and Malaise ($4 — 5th). One For Later also finished seventh at $41.
BACK ME
Earth Angel (Great return from the daughter of Miss Finland).
SACK ME
Sheriff John Stone (At least over 1400m).
EXCUSES, EXCUSES
TWITCHY FRANK — Apprentice Ethan Brown told stewards his mount raced flat and may have come to the end of its preparation. A post race veterinary examination failed to reveal any abnormalities and a swab sample was taken for analysis.
WILLI WILLI — Craig Williams reported that the gelding was unsettled pre-race and over-raced through the early and middle stages. A post race veterinary examination failed to reveal any abnormalities.
BRAVO TANGO — Commenced awkwardly and lost ground but Ben Melham could offer no explanation for the poor performance. He told stewards that after being slow to begin he never travelled throughout and failed to respond to his riding in the straight. A post race veterinary examination failed to reveal any abnormalities and a swab sample was taken for analysis.
TWEET
QUOTE
“We probably didn't want to run her against Snitty Kitty,” trainer Aaron Purcell after Lady Esprit at $51 defeated that mare at $1.70.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LOS ANGELES – A man caught on video rescuing a small rabbit from a blazing wildfire in California was hailed as a hero Thursday — but not by everybody, including experts who say it's debatable whether the rabbit even needed saving in the first place.
Torie Bosch at Slate says risking the flames to grab the bunny was "a stupid thing to do" and sharing the man's story, possibly inspiring others to similar acts of animal rescue, is "irresponsible." Tosch says the man could have required saving himself, endangering bystanders, or traumatized those bystanders by dying in his rescue attempt.
And what now for the rescued rabbit? Just release it "so it can end up in another wildfire?" "Human lives need to take precedence over animal lives," Tosch writes. "Let the animals take care of themselves."
As callous as that sounds, it's a sentiment echoed by Live Science, which reports that wild animals as a rule know what they're doing when it comes to wildfires. A report from the US Forest Service found wildfires actually kill surprisingly few animals. Rabbits can survive fires by hiding out in their underground burrows, and those that aren't hiding or fleeing a fire—such as the one in the video—likely have a good reason for not doing so. Animals have been observed hanging around fires in the past in order to shepherd their young out of harm's way.
"Fire is something animals have to deal with constantly," California Fish and Wildlife spokesperson Peter Tira tells the San Francisco Chronicle. Tira is asking people to ignore a post being widely circulated on Facebook advising residents to leave buckets of water out for animals fleeing the fires. "Fire or no fire, just let the animals be," Tira says.
This article originally appeared on Newser: Internet's Rabbit-Rescuing Hero Facing Backlash
More From Newser:
The Oscar-winning actor, against whom more than 20 allegations of sexual assault have already been made, faces three Scotland Yard investigations. The oldest case dates back to 1996.
British police are investigating Kevin Spacey over three more claims that he assaulted men in the UK. The identities of the alleged victims have not been revealed, but it's reported that the detectives are looking into the two claimed attacks in London between 1996 and 2008, as well as one in Gloucestershire dating back to 2013, according to The Guardian.
Although Spacey has not been identified as a suspect, the new allegations add up to a mass of sexual harassment scandals that have plagued the prominent actor over the last year. With the newly revealed allegations, Scotland Yard has already launched 6 probes into claims against Spacey in total.
The news about more allegations stirred Twitter, as some users trashed Spacey.
Why is he still creeping around — UnProgessivePatriot (@ConservativAnon) 4 июля 2018 г.
Family Guy with a Kevin Spacey reference twelve years ago… creepy. pic.twitter.com/KLXT5MHVxU
Shared — Steve Bee 🎧 (@Stevie_Beee) 4 июля 2018 г.
How can you be that talented and intelligent and figure that kind of behavior is ok. I think he thought he was above it. Kind of a narcissist. — Rick Foster (@merichalan) 4 июля 2018 г.
He's going to burn in HELL — (っ◔◡◔)っGoth Mommy GF (@urgothmommygf) 3 июля 2018 г.
​Others seemed not surprised at all.
Usual suspect,literally. — Aysegul Ersoz (@ayshaysh13) 4 июля 2018 г.
​There were those, who cried over the wasted talent.
I have no sympathy for him whatever. But I do grieve for his craft, which has lost a very fine talent. — Shoqqed You're Not (@Shoq) 4 июля 2018 г.
Damn it!!! Why did he have to be simultaneously so damn talented and also be such a disgusting creepster? 😕 — Phoenix Randal (@PhoenixRLL) 4 июля 2018 г.
​The beginning of the end for Spacey occurred in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal, as actor Anthony Rapp claimed that Mr. Spacey, then 26, had attempted to assault him when he was 14 years old in 1986. A string of accusations of sexual assault against the actor followed on both sides of the Atlantic, sending his career into a tailspin. A British theater, London's Old Vic, found 20 claims of Kevin Spacey's "alleged inappropriate behavior" there and is investigating the actor, who served as the artistic director there for over a decade.
READ MORE: UK Theater Finds 20 Claims of Kevin Spacey's 'Inappropriate Behavior'
He was sacked from the highly successful US TV show House of Cards by Netflix, where he played a leading role; his persona was completely erased from the completed movie All the Money in the World by Ridley Scott, who reshot the episode which featured Spacey's character.
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — Why doesn't President Donald Trump just unequivocally condemn white supremacists?
It's a jarring question to ask about an American president. But it's also one made unavoidable by Trump's delayed, blame-both-sides response to the violence that erupted Saturday when neo-Nazis, skinheads and members of the Ku Klux Klan protested in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has faced such a moment before — one that would have certainly drawn swift, almost predictable condemnations from his recent predecessors, regardless of party. As a candidate and now as president, when racial tensions flared or fringe groups rallied around his message, Trump has shown uncharacteristic caution and a reluctance to distance himself from the hate.
At times, his approach has seemingly inflamed racial tensions in a deeply divided country while emboldening groups long in the shadows.
On Saturday, as Trump read slowly through a statement about the clashes that left dozens injured and one woman dead, he condemned hatred, bigotry and violence "on many sides." The president was silent when journalists asked whether he rejected the support of nationalist groups.
That silence was cheered by the white supremacist website Daily Stormer: "When asked to condemn, he just walked out of the room. Really, really good. God bless him."
Trump denies that he's racist or sympathetic to such groups. Son-in-law Jared Kushner, the grandson of Holocaust survivors, and daughter Ivanka, who converted to Judaism, are among those who have defended the president against those charges.
Still, he has a history of engaging in high-profile, racially fraught battles.
Early in his career as a developer, Trump fought charges of bias against blacks seeking to rent at his family-owned apartment complexes. He long promoted the lie that the nation's first black president, Barack Obama, was not born in the United States. As a candidate, he proposed temporarily banning Muslims from the United States. He retweeted a post from accounts that appeared to have ties to white nationalist groups. And he was slow to reject the endorsement of former KKK leader David Duke.
Some of the president's friends and advisers have argued that Trump is simply refusing to bend to liberals' desire for political correctness. A boastful, proudly disruptive politician, Trump often has been rewarded for saying impolite and impolitic things. Some supporters cheered him for being someone who said what they could not.
Democrats frequently assert that Trump sees a political advantage in courting the support of the far right. Indeed, he has benefited politically from the backing of media outlets such as Breitbart or InfoWars. They have consistently promoted Trump and torn down his opponents, sometimes with biased or inaccurate reports.
Charlottesville's mayor, Democrat Mike Signer, said Sunday that Trump made a choice during his campaign to "go right to the gutter, to play on our worst prejudices."
"I think you are seeing a direct line from what happened here this weekend to those choices," Signer said on CBS' "Face the Nation."
White House senior adviser Steve Bannon ran Breitbart before joining Trump's campaign, and several of the president's other aides believe Bannon continues to have influence over the website. In "Devil's Bargain," a new book about his role in the Trump campaign, Bannon is quoted as saying that attempts by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to tie Trump to the alt-right and nationalists did not move voters.
"We polled the race stuff and it doesn't matter," Bannon said, according to the book.
But there is no reliable public polling on the scope of Trump's support among those with white nationalist leanings or the percentage of the electorate they comprise. The reaction from Republicans following Trump's statement Saturday suggests there may be greater political risks for the president in aligning himself with bigoted groups.
"The president needs to step up today and say what it is," said Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., who was one of several GOP lawmakers urging Trump to be more strident in calling out the nationalists and neo-Nazis that gathered in Charlottesville. Gardner said plainly: "It's evil. It's white nationalism."
By Sunday, the White House was scrambling to try to clean up the president's statement. The White House issued a statement saying the president does condemn "white supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups."
The spokeswoman who issued the statement refused to be named. And the president himself remained silent.
That left Vice President Mike Pence, traveling in South America, to offer the kind of comment Trump's critics sought from the White House: "We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK," he said. "These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
___
EDITOR'S NOTE — Washington bureau chief Julie Pace has covered the White House and politics for The Associated Press since 2007. Follow her at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
US President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron pledged on Tuesday to try to resolve US-European differences on Iran but Trump gave no clear signal about whether he would carry out a threat to abandon an international nuclear deal with Tehran.
After lengthy talks at the White House, Macron told a joint news conference with Trump that they had discussed “a new deal” that would strengthen the 2015 accord along the lines Trump wants, such as by addressing Iran's expansion in the Middle East and its ballistic missile programme.
But with a deadline on US economic sanctions against Iran looming next month, it was unclear whether the two allies made substantial progress on the future of the nuclear deal, which the West sees as vital to preventing Iran from building a nuclear bomb.
Trump continued his hostile rhetoric toward the nuclear deal, calling it terrible, ridiculous and insane and threatening Iran with repercussions should it restart its nuclear programme.
“If Iran threatens us in any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid,” Trump said.
Trump has until May 12 to decide whether to keep the United States in the agreement and is under strong European pressure to remain in it, with Macron saying that while imperfect it holds the best chance of containing Tehran.
The two leaders also discussed Syria with Macron urging Trump to keep US forces there for the time being as bulwark against Iran and to ensure the defeat of Islamic State militants.
Trump did not promise to leave the troops in Syria but made clear they would not be withdrawn imminently.
“We want to come home. We'll be coming home. But we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint,” Trump said.
Iran has said it will ramp up its nuclear programme if the deal collapses and a senior Iranian official said on Tuesday that Tehran might quit a treaty designed to stop the spread of nuclear weapons if Trump scraps the agreement.
Under the deal, Iran agreed to curb its nuclear ambitions in return for relief from economic sanctions. Tehran says its nuclear programme is only for peaceful means.
Trump said he and Macron could have an agreement soon on the Iran deal. “We could have at least an agreement among ourselves very quickly. I think we're fairly close to understanding each other.”
Trump called the Iran agreement, struck between Iran and world powers, a “terrible deal” that was “insane” and “ridiculous” because it did not deal with ballistic missiles or Iran's involvement in conflicts such as those in Yemen or Syria.
A US withdrawal from the Iran agreement would raise tensions in an already volatile region, possibly prompting an arms race involving Saudi Arabia.
Pulling out of the Iran agreement would also raise questions over how Trump could coerce North Korea into giving up its nuclear weapons. Trump is trying to arrange a summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in late May or early June.
DUBAI May 2 Kuwaiti telecom group Zain reported on Tuesday a three percent rise in first-quarter net profit.
The former monopoly, which operates in eight countries in the Middle East and Africa, made 38 million dinars ($124.95 million) in the three months to March 31, it said in an emailed statement.
Revenues fell 11 percent to 247 million dinars.
EFG Hermes analysts had forecast a profit of 37.41 million dinars while SICO Bahrain had forecast a 32 million dinar profit.
($1 = 0.3041 Kuwaiti dinars) (Reporting by Alexander Cornwell; editing by Jason Neely)
Traditional farmers are "pollinators" of hope and opportunity for other farmers who want a better, more sustainable future
www. orderofmaltarelief. org
Contact
Jill Watson
***@malteser- international.org Jill Watson
End
-- Climate change has been devastating to traditional indigenous famers in northern Colombia, causing disastrous droughts and stripping their livelihood from their grasp with little hope for a secure future in agriculture.To counter the effects of climate change and reduce its impact on vulnerable communities and economies, Malteser International Americas, the humanitarian relief agency of the Order of Malta, is working with a group of 10 farmers in Colombia to bolster their traditional skills and add new, innovative apiculture (beekeeping)skills to their craft, to preserve their livelihood and to create better, healthier futures.The novice beekeepers are from the regions of La Guajira and Magdalena in northern Colombia, and they all received specialized training in apiculture and sustainable agriculture. They were also taught how to preserve and protect their increasingly scarce natural resources through best agriculture practices. The first group of farmers acts as advocates of apiculture in their communities to educate interested farmers in the art of beekeeping as a sustainable way of life. Essentially, the farmers will be "pollinators"of hope and opportunity for other farmers who are looking for a better, more sustainable future."In Colombia, Malteser International Americas' apiculture program helps to conserve and replenish the environment and achieve climate change adaption in a region feeling the effects of various climate impacts," said Ravi Tripptrap, Executive Director, Malteser International Americas."Beekeeping also provides an alternative livelihood to a traditional farmer, who has seen an economic downturn from drought, and it also generates additional income for rural and indigenous communities, many of whom have been internally displaced," said Jelena Kaifenheim, Regional Manager, Latin America / Caribbean, Malteser International Americas.Luz and Jairo Linares, a husband and wife team who survive off of the land, make a living as traditional farmers. Increased climate change effects, such as long-standing droughts, the drying up of rivers, and a depletion of sustainable crops to harvest, have caused problems for the family. With their traditional farming output on the decline and their livelihood threatened, Luz and Jairo turned to Malteser International Americas' innovative beekeeping program in Colombia as a new source of income. (Watch "Seeds of Hope: The story of Luz and Jairo, beekeepers in Colombia" ( https://www.youtube.com/ watch?v=X2NVLccIwgY&feature= y... ))"Malteser International's beekeeping program has given us a new stream of income," said female beekeeper Luz Linares. "We once thought bees were an insignificant animal, but then we learned about what they produce. And when we sell the honey, we have a better quality of life.""I have dedicated my life to the care of bees," said Jairo Linares. "The more hives we have, the better off we will be."The Linares family and the rest of the Colombian beekeepers manage wooden hives of the small, stingless Tetragonisca angustula bee, which produces a large amount of honey. The honey is known in the region as "miel de angelita", which means "little-angel honey." In Colombia, the price of this particular honey can be as much as ten times more than the price of honey produced by common honey bees.Overall, nearly 4,000 people benefit and see an improvement in livelihood from the organization's climate change adaptation programs in northern Colombia.Last year, Malteser International Americas was at the helm of international relief and tackled some of the greatest challenges facing the Americas. In Colombia, the organization:· Protected 1,200 pregnant women and their unborn babies from the Zika virus by providing prevention kits to often neglected populations where stagnant water is an ideal breeding ground for mosquitos;· Improved community based health in 20 indigenous communities by training community health agents and saved 700 undernourished children with food support and training on nutrition of their mothers and other women in the community.· Provided support for clean-up measures in northern Colombia following floods resulting from Hurricane Matthew and distributed mattresses and 200 hygiene kits to affected families.Malteser International Americas is an affiliate of Malteser International, the humanitarian relief organization of the Order of Malta. Through our U.S. headquarters, Malteser International Americas provides immediate disaster response and preparedness, as well as vital healthcare and nutrition, and clean water and sanitation to vulnerable people in North America, Latin America and the Caribbean. Visit www.orderofmaltarelief.org to learn more.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A A
NEW YORK — Nearly four decades after 6-year-old Etan Patz vanished on the way to his school bus stop, a former convenience store clerk was convicted Tuesday of murder in a case that influenced American parenting and law enforcement.
The jury verdict against Pedro Hernandez gave Etan's relatives a resolution they had sought since May 1979 and gave prosecutors a conviction that eluded them when a 2015 jury deadlocked.
“The Patz family has waited a long time, but we've finally found some measure of justice for our wonderful little boy, Etan,” said his father, Stanley Patz, choking up.
“I am truly relieved, and I'll tell you, it's about time. It's about time.”
Hernandez, who once worked in a shop in Etan's neighborhood, had confessed, but his lawyers said his admissions were the false imaginings of a man whose mind blurred the boundary between reality and illusion.
On the earlier jury, the lone holdout against conviction cited the mental health issue as a major reason for his stance.
This time, the jury concluded Hernandez had a psychiatric disorder but hadn't imagined killing the boy, one member said.
“We decided he has an illness … but that didn't make him delusional,” said Michael Castellon, a construction company attorney. “We think that he could tell right from wrong. He could tell fantasy from reality.”
Hernandez, 56, showed no reaction on hearing the verdict, but his lawyers said he planned to appeal. Sentencing is scheduled for Feb. 28.
“In the end, we don't believe this will resolve the story of what happened to Etan back in 1979,” said lawyer Harvey Fishbein.
Etan became one of the first missing children ever pictured on milk cartons, and the anniversary of his disappearance has been designated National Missing Children's Day.
His parents lent their voices to a campaign to make missing children a national cause, and it fueled laws that established a national hotline and made it easier for law enforcement agencies to share information about vanished youngsters.
And his disappearance helped tilt parenting to more protectiveness in a nation where many families had felt comfortable letting children play and roam alone. As Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Joan Illuzzi put it when the trial opened last fall, Etan “will forever symbolize the loss of that innocence.”
The Patz family — which focused for years on another suspect before Hernandez's 2012 arrest — may never know exactly what became of the boy.
Jubal calls one of Ed Sheeran's super-fans who says “she will do ANYTHING” for Ed… Well Jubal has a very exciting offer for her. Not concert tickets, or even the chance to meet him… but she gets to watch his 14 cats. FOR FREE!
In her Instagram video, 17-year-old Zaira Wasim narrates that she was on an Air Vistara flight from Delhi to Mumbai when a fellow passenger sitting behind her put his feet on her armrest and touched her inappropriately on her neck and face.
New Delhi (Sputnik) — Top Bollywood actors, celebrities, and socialites took to social media to express their rage after teenage actress Zaira Wasim recounted her mid-air molestation nightmare on Instagram in a live video which went viral. The award-winning actress, Zaria, was on her way to Mumbai from Delhi when the incident occurred.
You may have heard of
👣 Pretty Feet
👣 Hairy Feet
👣 Smelly Feet
👣 Pudgy Feet
👣 Happy Feet 🐧
👣 Tiny Feet
…
But have you ever heard of
👣 Molesty feet???
Decide for yourself if the #feet in #ZairaWasim's video are criminal?#AirVistarapic.twitter.com/jSNCu5pPS6 — Cerebrus 🇮🇳 (@Cerebrus_) December 10, 2017
​
With the airlines in question confirming the incident, authorities swung into action, promptly arresting the accused middle-aged man.
​
The 39-year-old alleged suspect, Vikas Sachdev was arrested by Mumbai police on Sunday evening, Mumbai Deputy Commissioner of Police Anil Kumbhare told media.
© AP Photo/ Rafiq Maqbool Indian Film Dangal Scripts New History In Chinese Cinema
The culprit has been booked under section 354 (Assault or criminal force on a woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of the IPC, and relevant sections of Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act (POCSO) since the actress is a minor, police said.
The Maharashtra State Commission for Women has sought an inquiry into the "shameful" incident.
Seventeen year old Zaira Wasim shot to prominence with her award-winning role in the sports biopic Dangal in which she played the childhood character of an Indian Commonwealth Games gold medal winner. Her second film Secret Superstar brought her fame playing the role of an undercover YouTube singing sensation.
Quite pathetic to see people attacking #zaira wasim
No wonder the girls r scared to come out and report harassment!! What's even worse is to see women taking part in these attacks!! #Shameful #pathetic — Gutta Jwala (@Guttajwala) December 10, 2017
Any harassment/crime against women shld be dealt with swiftly & effectively. As a mother of 2 daughters I am appalled at what happened with @zairawasimz. Hope the relevant authorities take strict action @airvistara @Ashok_Gajapathi @jayantsinha
— Mehbooba Mufti (@MehboobaMufti) December 10, 2017
​
Anonymously sourced “news” has struck again: Long-time FBI chief and now-Special Counsel Robert Mueller is prowling around the US intelligence community, “as part of a widening probe that now includes an examination of whether President Trump attempted to obstruct justice, officials said.” The unnamed sources told the Post that the investigation into Trump began after former FBI director James Comey was fired.
When Comey had America's attention before the Senate, he willingly outed himself as the leaker of a now-famous memo, in which Trump told Comey “I hope you can let this [probe into fired NSA Michael Flynn] go;” accused the president of defaming him and the FBI; and said he believed he was fired because of the Bureau's investigation into alleged ties between the Trump campaign and sneaky Russian operatives.
In other words, Comey did not pull any punches. But the experienced law enforcement official and former prosecutor refused to say that Trump had “obstructed justice,” as the Post now alleges in their latest bombshell report.
When asked whether he thought Trump had obstructed justice, Comey told West Virginia Senator Joe Manchin, “I don't know. That's Bob Mueller's job to sort that out.”
Of course, until Mueller actually tells the world the president committed a crime, the Post's reporting based on the accounts of “five people … speaking on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly,” is still basically hearsay.
“We briefed the congressional leadership about what Americans we had opened counterintelligence investigation cases on,” Comey testified, “and we specifically said the president is not one of those Americans, but — that there was no other investigation of the president that we were not mentioning at that time. “
Mueller's track record is as close to flawless as it gets. After receiving the Purple Heart for his time in the Marines during the Vietnam War, he served in the US Attorney's office for a dozen years, and was selected to work in President George H.W. Bush's Justice Department before eventually being nominated to lead the FBI by another Republican, President George W. Bush, in 2001. The Senate confirmed his appointment 98-0. ‘Seems unlikely, in other words, that Mueller would let slip any hot details about his quest to loose-lipped “officials” who might turn around and leak to the media.
A spokesman for one of Trump's attorneys fired back at Wednesday's fresh round of allegations: “The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
Comey himself even blasted anonymously sourced mainstream media reports, including those from the New York Times that claimed Trump confidants were in cahoots with the Russians, as “not true.”
The Post and the Times have published their own fair share of fake news articles. The Post, for example, wrote that Russian hackers had breached the Vermont electric grid. It would've been a big story if it weren't for the minor hiccup that it was hugely overblown. Similarly overblown was a Post “scoop” that individuals in Trump's inner circle were “persons of interest” in an FBI probe, which could mean any number of things, including that the person was someone “mentioned once speculatively.”
While the Washington Post basks in the glow of praise from establishment Trump critics desperate for cause to impeach the 45th US president, the rest of us will have to sit idly by — in the dark.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
For 90 plus years the same family has owned and operated The Pic-A-Lilli Inn on 206 in Shamong, NJ. The "Pic" is famous for great wings, great beer and great memories.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
Summit talk turns warmer; Trump says 'talking to them now'
Summit talk turns warmer; Trump says 'talking to them now'
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
New guidelines say US adults should begin colon cancer screenings at 45, not 50.
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45, not 50
Cancer group says colon screening should start at 45, not 50
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get his appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say he would likely only go to prison if evidence shows his actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
Soggy remnants of Alberto are spreading rain deeper into the nation's midsection, still raising possible flood threat.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as his colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
In New York, a novel domestic violence shelter is being custom-built to include pets.
Starbucks will close more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training.
Starbucks will close more than 8,000 stores nationwide Tuesday to conduct anti-bias training.
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
Domination of the Scripps National Spelling Bee by Indian-Americans has gone on so long a 2nd generation has emerged.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). Dr. Balu Natarajan, right, from Hinsdale, Ill., poses for a photograph with his son Atman Balakrishnan, 12, as they look at Dr. Natarajan's winning word, at the Scripps National Spelling Bee, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Oxon Hill...
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
Only 1 in 10 will advance at National Spelling Bee
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
A Kentucky fire official says about a dozen people received medical attention after an explosion damaged a UPS freight hub in Lexington.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on his cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on his cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - Authorities say a New Jersey police officer took part in the assault of a patient at a hospital and recorded another assault of the same patient on his cellphone, then didn't report either incident.
Paterson Officer Roger Then was arrested Wednesday and charged with conspiring to violate the patient's civil rights and for concealing the violation. The 29-year-old Paterson resident was due in court later in the day, and it wasn't known if he had an attorney.
Federal prosecutors say Then and another Paterson officer were involved in the separate assaults on March 5. Authorities say the victim had multiple facial injuries, including an eye injury that required surgery.
It wasn't immediately clear if the other officer is facing charges.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
YOU probably missed it, but not too long ago the Force slipped into Australia, enjoyed sipping coffees near the St Kilda Pier in Melbourne and dabbled in a bit of yoga.
Daisy Ridley, the 25-year-old London-born star of the new Star Wars films, has had her face emblazoned on billboards, action figures and countless items of merchandise but she managed to sneak into Australia, visit her sister Poppy and hang out like a regular tourist.
RELATED: Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi film production date revealed
FIRST REVIEWS: Star Wars 8 praised ahead of its release
Camera Icon Daisy Ridley stars as Rey in Disney's Star Wars: The Last Jedi. Photo: Lucasfilm Ltd Picture: Supplied
“One guy came up to me actually,” Ridley, noting a rare moment when her cover was blown in Melbourne, told AAP in an interview in Los Angeles.
“He was really sweet, but Australians were pretty chill.”
Anonymity is a rare gift for Ridley since she was cast as Rey in the 2015 reboot of the franchise, Star Wars: The Force Awakens , playing a scavenger who teams up with stormtrooper deserter Finn, Han Solo, Chewbacca and becoming the Resistance's great hope against the evil First Order.
When she met AAP for an interview in an LA hotel to discuss the next chapter, Star Wars: The Last Jedi , security was intense and Disney publicists requested the location not be revealed ahead of time to prevent rabid fans descending.
“Austrayaaaa!” Ridley jokingly shouts when her guest arrives. The actor is in a playful mood and keen to speak about her Australian visit and, surprisingly, juicy tidbits about the ultra-secretive Last Jedi plot.
Disney did not show the film to journalists to protect plot points and twists. The Force Awakens ended literally on a cliffhanger — with Rey tracking down the great jedi Luke Skywalker high up on a spectacular, rocky island on the planet Ahch-To.
Ridley says Rey and Skywalker, played by the franchise's original star Mark Hamill, will spend some time on the island in The Last Jedi , with Rey dealing with the trauma she endured in Force Awakens .
“Luke is not such a welcoming host as she might have expected so she has time to work things out,” Ridley says.
“She's still massively impacted by what just happened and she's worried about Finn, she's grieving Han Solo and she is trying to figure it all out.
“She's just there and has time to ask questions and find some belonging which she sort of does.” The Last Jedi will offer Star Wars fans fresh insight into most of the Force Awakens characters.
“I think what (director) Rian (Johnson) has done brilliantly is he has explored all of the characters on a really deep level,” Ridley said.
Camera Icon Her face has been splashed over billboards but Daisy Ridley says only one person recognised her during a recent trip to Australia. Picture: Getty Images Camera Icon Red carpet ready: Daisy Ridley at the premiere of Star Wars: The Last Jedi at The Shrine Auditorium at the weekend in Los Angeles. Photo: Jesse Grant/Getty Images for Disney. Picture: Getty Images
“Everyone has there own conflict.
“Snoke has gone from being this phantom, nobody knows what he really is, to getting proper screen time in this.
“He is incredibly intimidating and really, really scary.
“Kylo is scary because of the tempestuous nature of him and the incredible power that could go either way, but Snoke is just bad through and through.”
DAISY RIDLEY'S DOWN UNDER CONNECTION
Ridley's sister did not plan on making Australia home.
“She went down to have a little adventure and she met a wonderful man,” she says.
“A lovely Australian man.
“She has lived there for two years.”
Ridley has attempted to maintain a normal life, whether it is riding the Tube at home in London or flying into Melbourne without an entourage.
“I usually take a lightsaber when I'm not trying to blend in,” she laughs.
Camera Icon Star Wars: The Last Jedi opens in Australia on Thursday. Photo: Lucasfilm Ltd. Picture: Supplied
Her favourite Melbourne moment was stopping at a cafe.
“We went to this lovely cafe on the beach at St Kilda,” she says. “It was by the pier.
“It was just great to go to Australia because it was wonderful to have the time with my sister and see how she lives.
“We'd have breakfast and then go for a Wonder and she would show me her favourite restaurants and do some yoga.
“It was a yoga I have not done before — you sit in the pose for a long time.
“It is more of a relaxation thing that was very, very difficult but wonderful.”
Star Wars: The Last Jedi opens in Australia on Thursday.
By Abby Hassler
Bruno Mars shocked his sold-out Auburn Hills, MI audience on Saturday (August 12) when he announced he will donate $1 million from the show's proceeds to provide aid to Flint water crisis victims.
Related: Bruno Mars Releases ‘Versace on the Floor' Video Starring Zendaya
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.”
The funds will benefit The Community Foundation of Greater Flint nonprofit.
LANIPUNA GARDENS, Hawaii – Allen Bertram built his Lanipuna Gardens home nearly 25 years ago. When lava ravaged his neighborhood almost two weeks ago, he lost nearly everything.
“I look outside, I see a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour. I opened the door and it came inside the house,” Bertram said.
With only the clothes on his back, Allen says he grabbed his dog and quickly ran uphill to safety.
“We slept outside and we waited until morning and then ran up to my neighbor's mac nut orchard,” Bertram said.
Trapped by lava, the only way to his neighbor's was to scale over fences.
“I had to throw my dog over the fence but then he bit me and ran away,” Bertram said.
His dog, missing. Bertram searched for shelter.
Over the next 12 days, he barricaded himself in neighbor's garage, surviving off of canned foods stored in their pantry.
“I was surrounded by lava, just hoping for the best,” he said.
Hoping to capture the attention of the helicopters flying above, Bertram says he put out a distress signal he'd learned from a TV show.
“I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag. I was praying that I was going to get rescued,” Bertram said.
Just this past Saturday, his prayers were answered.
Firefighters spotted Bertram from the air, lifting him to safety.
“Thank God… the best day of my life, very grateful to be alive,” he said.
[India], December 11 (ANI): A Bengaluru Court on Monday extended the judicial custody of journalist Ravi Belagere to December 23.
Belagere was arrested for allegedly plotting the murder of his colleague Sunil Heggaravalli.
Earlier, on December 7, Shashidhar Ramachandra, who was arrested by the crime branch, confessed during his interrogation that Belagere has given him the contract to kill Heggaravalli, an official statement said.
"On August 28, Shashidhar and his associate Viju Badiger has visited Ravi Belagere and there he handed over a gun, four live bullets and a knife and asked them to kill Sunil Heggaravalli," it added.
Belagere had allegedly given Rs 15,000 as the first instalment to Ramachandra.(ANI)
ANKARA (Sputnik) — Turkey's main opposition Republican People's Party demanded that the country's Supreme Electoral Council (SEC) cancel the results of the constitutional referendum, a party spokesman told Sputnik on Tuesday.
"The appeal was filed with the SEC at 14:30 Moscow time today. We demand complete cancellation of the results of the referendum because of violations during its holding," the spokesman said.
On Sunday, Turkey held a referendum on the transition from a parliamentary to presidential system of governance. Preliminary results of the vote indicate a victory for supporters of the governance shift.
Government and wider state sector unions on Friday threatened to go on strike after Finance Minister Harris Georgiades refused to accept their demands for pay rises.
Following a meeting at the finance ministry, union leaders said they will now confer with their members as to how to proceed, without ruling out industrial action.
“We had hoped that on the basis of the basic provision of the framework agreement linking nominal GDP with the sum of the demands, we could have arrived to a consensual arrangement so that workers in the wider state sector and local authorities could gain a specific rate of increases,” SEK chief Anderas Matsas said.
He added that Georgiades' approach concerning the said provision did not help continue the dialogue and a deadlock emerged.
Pambis Kyritsis, head of PEO, said they were left with no other choice but to ask their members how to react and with what ways they could claim what they were entitled to.
Unions said the framework agreement affected some 24,000 workers and pensioners of the wider state sector.
In a written statement following the meeting, the minister said granting pay rises on the even of the elections would signal a return to the bad practices of the past.
“Ensuring stability and the economy's positive prospects mandates a different approach that takes into account the actual limits but also all the needs of an economy,” Georgiades said.
He added that 2017 saw the abolition of the temporary tax on wages that was imposed in 2012, the reinstatement of incremental pay rises, and pay increases in the case of promotion. In 2018, workers will also get back the cost of living allowance, also scrapped as part of the austerity drive.
With improvements in overtime pay and other allowances, the general government payroll is expected to rise by 2.7 per cent, the minister said.
“This defines the limit for this period. Further pay rise issues can be discussed next year, within the agreed framework.”
Germany‘s intelligence service has published the details of social network profiles which it says are fronts faked by Chinese intelligence to gather personal information about German officials and politicians.
The BfV domestic intelligence service took the unusual step of naming individual profiles it says are fake and fake organisations to warn public officials about the risk of leaking valuable personal information via social media.
“Chinese intelligence services are active on networks like LinkedIn and have been trying for a while to extract information and find intelligence sources in this way,” including seeking data on users' habits, hobbies and political interests, they said.
Nine months of research had found that more than 10,000 German citizens had been contacted on the LinkedIn professional networking site by fake profiles disguised as headhunters, consultants, think-tankers or scholars, the BfV said.
“There could be a large number of target individuals and fake profiles that have not yet been identified,” they added.
Speaking in Beijing on Monday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said the accusations were baseless.
“We hope the relevant German organisations, particularly government departments, can speak and act more responsibly, and not do things that are not beneficial to the development of bilateral relations,” Lu said.
Among the faked profiles whose details were published were that of ‘Rachel Li', identified as a ‘headhunter' at ‘RiseHR', and an ‘Alex Li', a ‘Project Manager at Centre for Sino-Europe Development Studies'.
Many of the profile pictures show stylish and visually appealing young men and women. The picture of ‘Laeticia Chen', a manager at the ‘China Centre of International Politics and Economy' was nicked from an online fashion catalogue, an official said.
A Reuters review of the profiles showed that some were connected to senior diplomats and politicians from several European countries. There was no way to establish whether contacts had taken place beyond the initial social media ‘add'.
The warning reflects growing concern in European and western intelligence circles at Chinese covert activities in their countries and follows warnings from the US Central Intelligence Agency over attempts by the economic giant's security services to recruit US citizens as agents.
The BfV invited concerned users to contact them if they encountered social media profiles that seemed suspect.
By Krisztina Than BUDAPEST, May 3 The Czech crown regained ground on Wednesday, a day after Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka announced that he would resign along with his government, while other currencies in the region were also steady or slightly firmer. With investors cautious ahead of the U.S. Federal Reserve's two-day policy meeting, which could give clues regarding rate hikes, stock markets mostly dropped. Budapest led losses, easing 0.7 percent by 0914 GMT. Sunday's second round of the French presidential election added to global risks. After easing a little on Tuesday after Sobotka said his government would resign by mid-May following a row with finance minister Andrej Babis over Babis's past business dealings, the Czech crown firmed 0.15 percent on Wednesday to 26.868 per euro. "EURCZK attempted to go slightly weaker at first (yesterday) but quickly reverted ... back to previous levels, and we do not expect any more major reaction as the story is hardly likely to change the economic path of the country," Komercni Banka trader Dalimil Vyskovsky said. Hungary's forint was flat. Polish markets are closed on Wednesday. Sobotka has said he will seek a meeting with President Milos Zeman to agree timing for the resignation and further steps. He said the coalition could be recreated without Babis, or that an election due in October could be moved forward. Despite the political wobbles, the crown is seen gaining more than 4 percent against the euro in the coming year, lifted by strong economic growth and likely monetary tightening, a Reuters poll published on Wednesday showed. After the Czech central bank's removal a month ago of the cap which had kept the currency weaker than 27 against the euro since 2013, the crown could outperform regional peers, the poll suggested. Czech bonds have meanwhile been supported by their inclusion in JP Morgan's emerging markets index, which means index-tracking investors will need to buy them for their portfolios. Central Europe's economies outperformed western European economies last year and growth is seen strong this year as well, helped by a solid inflow of European Union development funds and loose monetary policies by local central banks. CEE SNAPS AT 1115 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.86 26.90 +0.1 0.52% 80 90 5% Hungary 312.2 312.1 -0.01 -1.08 forint 000 800 % % Polish 4.202 4.205 +0.0 4.79% zloty 5 0 6% Romanian 4.550 4.549 -0.01 -0.33 leu 0 4 % % Croatian 7.447 7.455 +0.1 1.44% kuna 5 5 1% Serbian 123.0 123.1 +0.0 0.24% dinar 500 200 6% Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 997.2 1001. -0.48 +8.2 2 98 % 0% Budapest 32680 32902 -0.68 +2.1 .00 .62 % 2% Bucharest 8239. 8220. +0.2 +16. 02 10 3% 29% Ljubljana 778.3 782.3 -0.50 +8.4 8 2 % 7% Zagreb 1894. 1902. -0.43 -5.04 38 57 % % Belgrade 5 4 3% 9% Sofia 666.1 660.5 +0.8 +13. 3 3 5% 59% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 1 9 bps s 5-year 4 bps 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.33 0.39 0.5 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.25 0.33 0.45 0.16 BUBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Jason Hovet in Prague; Editing by Catherine Evans)
A Victorian man who is the prime suspect in three separate cold-case murders in South Australia says he is innocent.
Steven Hainsworth, who now lives in Mildura, has admitted detectives have linked him to the murders of two grandmothers and a pensioner over a 13-year period through new forensic evidence, but has denied killing anyone.
"I've been told I'm a suspect in the crime, but I haven't done anything. Nothing. I'm not a serial killer. I haven't killed no-one. I've had fights in my life and I've got hurt, as you can see now. I'm not responsible for no-one's murder," Mr Hainsworth told the Nine Network on Thursday.
"I hope that whoever is responsible is caught and then I've got the monkey off my back."
On Tuesday, South Australian police said they had uncovered fresh forensic evidence that linked the three murders for the first time.
"Now I can say we have proof and we believe theft was the motive in all three matters," Detective Superintendent Des Bray said.
The involvement of a single suspect had been considered before, but was not able to be fully proven until Task Force Resolute initiated a review into the cases earlier this year.
Phyllis Harrison, 71, was found dead with multiple stab wounds and her Elizabeth South home ransacked in 1998, while 64-year-old Beverley Hanley suffered severe head injuries and her handbag was stolen from her Elizabeth North property in 2010.
A range of items including a TV, DVDs and computer games were missing from Stephen Newtown's Mount Gambier unit after he was found dead and covered in rubbish in 2011.
"This was a cowardly attack on two grandmothers and an invalid pensioner; each attack was extremely brutal," Supt Bray said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS - It's one of the worst feelings out there: stepping outside to find out your car has been stolen.
Tuesday, DPD released the list of the most stolen cars in Texas. The question is, is your car one of them?
Pickups hold the top three spots, with Ford at #1, Chevy #2 and Dodge at #3. The Chevy Tahoe lands at #4 and Honda takes the 5 and 6 spots with the Civic and the Accord (Full List Below).
Overall, DPD says there were 7,400 cars stolen in 2016, an average of 616 a month. Since there are about 1.3 million registered vehicles, that means your chances of your car getting jacked are about 1 in 175.
That's a lot less than your chance of getting into an accident in a year, which is about 1 in 26, but DPD still issued the friendly reminders for how to keep your car safe.
Keep valuables like cell phones and GPSs out of sight, lock your doors, make sure your windows are rolled up all the way and try to park in well-lit lots.
Do all that and you can help make sure that when your car is on the road, you're the one driving it.
Most Stolen Cars in Texas
1. Ford pickup
2. Chevrolet pickup
3. Dodge Pick Up
4. Chevrolet Tahoe
5. Honda Civic
6. Honda Accord
7. GMC pickup
8. Toyota Camry
9. Ford Taurus
10. Chevrolet Impala
Parañaque 2nd District Representative Gustavo Tambunting hits PNP chief Ronald dela Rosa for initially saying only the gunman died in the attack
Published 3:50 PM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – House games and amusements committee chairperson Gustavo Tambunting slammed Philippine National Police (PNP) chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa for initially telling the public there was only one casualty during the first few hours after the Resorts World Manila attack.
Tambunting called out Dela Rosa as the House games and amusements, public order and safety, and tourism panels resumed their probe into the attack that left 38 people dead, including lone gunman Jessie Carlos.
During the hearing on Wednesday, June 14, Tambunting recalled Dela Rosa said in a chance interview at around 8 am on June 2 that nobody was taken hostage or seriously injured at the hotel-casino. Dela Rosa also said Carlos committed suicide.
The police chief then left the crime scene and went to Camp Crame, the headquarters of the PNP.
Three hours after Dela Rosa's interview, however, National Capital Region Police Office chief Director Oscar Albayalde said they discovered 38 bodies inside Resorts World Manila, including the gunman. (READ: TIMELINE: Resorts World Manila attack)
"'Di po ba dapat bago tayo magbitaw eh beripikado at sigurado po natin? Kasi ho marami hong medyo na ang feedback eh wala namang namatay. Natulog lang sila sandali, 37 [others] na namatay kasi naniwala nga sila sa sinabi 'nyo na walang casualty except the gunman," the Parañaque 2nd District representative told Dela Rosa.
(Shouldn't you have verified the information before releasing it to the public? Because a lot of people received the feedback that nobody died. They just slept for a while, then they were surprised to know 37 others already died. They believed you when you said there were no other casualties except the gunman.)
Dela Rosa, however, said he was not lying to the public during the interview. The PNP chief explained that only Carlos' body had been found at the time.
"Before I left, I was asked by the media kung ilan 'yung casualty. So far, we determined isa lang, 'yung gunman na nasunog doon sa room 510 on the 5th floor of Maxims Hotel, your honor. Lately lang na-discover 'yung 37 others who died due to suffocation, umaga na, your honor, [at nandoon] na 'ko sa Crame so 'di ko na nalaman," said Dela Rosa.
(Before I left, I was asked by the media how many casualties there were. So far, we determined just one, the gunman who burned himself in room 510 on the 5th floor of Maxims Hotel, your honor. We only discovered the 37 others who died due to suffocation later in the morning, when I was already at Camp Crame. That's why I didn't know immediately.)
"So no'ng tinanong ako kung ano 'yung patay, I wasn't lying kasi isa pa lang naman talaga nakikita namin. Gano'n ako ka-convinced nagsabi kasi 'yun lang ang obtained from the ground na information," he added.
(So when I was asked how many died, I wasn't lying because we had only discovered one, so far. I was convinced when I said that because that was the only information we had obtained from the ground.)
During the same hearing, Resorts World Manila president Kingson Sian said Carlos tricked the victims into thinking there was more than one gunman by placing a bag of bullets on top of a burning casino table. The heat made the bullets explode on their own in an estimated 300 rounds. – Rappler.com
Fifth Harmony are reportedly planning to go their separate ways.
The foursome - made up of Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregu - are planning to split up and focus on their own solo careers after seeing their former band mate Camila Cabello do so well on her own over the last year.
A source told The Sun newspaper: "Things haven't been the same since Camila's departure and everyone has run out of patience with Fifth Harmony. Basically, the band feel their label is prioritising Camila and have become hard work behind the scenes. They've watched how much effort and money has gone into Camila's career and feel they've been used to catapult her into solo stardom. Her album received more Â­backing than their last project and they know their days at Epic are numbered.
"Each member is making solo preparations but no one wants to be on the same label as Camila which is why Lauren has moved to another Sony subsidiary, Columbia."
However, the news won't come as too much of a surprise to fans as Dinah recently said she was thinking about a solo career after doing a duet with Leona Lewis.
Asked how her sound might differ from that of the band, Dinah said: "To be honest, that's something I don't even know yet. I have not stood on my own in a while.
"Singing with Leona was such an experience because I grew up listening to her music. When I was eleven I posted my first YouTube cover to one of her songs. Performing with her just makes me so excited for what's to come.
"I never thought in a million years I would be in a girl group, so I can't look too deep into the future. But I am revisiting childhood favourites from genre, like reggae. I'm excited to see if I'll use these sounds in my own music."
Fifth Harmony's future was first thrown into serious doubt in December 2016 when Camila left the group in abrupt fashion.
× Adult daycare provider cites costly health care shifts as reason for closing
HENRICO, Va. – After 51 years of service, an adult daycare center will close its doors in April 2018, citing changes at both the state and federal level to programs that support seniors and those with disabilities.
Grace Place Adult Daycare currently provides services for 170 adults over the age of 18, with intellectual and or developmental disabilities and age-related conditions. Their clients have conditions like Cerebral Palsy, Multiple Sclerosis, ALS, autism, Alzheimers, and Parkinson's disease.
Interim CEO Lynn Seward filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy on March 16.
“Regrettably, with changes at both the state and federal level to programs that support seniors and those with disabilities, A Grace Place is no longer viable,” the organization claimed in the filing. “After serving as a health and social safety net for over 51 years, A Grace Place has decided to close.”
The decision to file was due to what the organization referred to as “an increasing gap between Medicaid reimbursement and the actual cost of care.”
Additionally, the CEO cited a growth in costly regulatory requirements and a shift from a “government-based system of care to a privatized one.”
A privatized model required additional administrative expense, according to the filing.
Of the organization's 50 employees, 12 are salaried and 38 are hourly.
“At this point in time, I cannot help but appeal to legislators, policymakers, and the public at large, to help the many, many Virginians who rely on government – largely through Medicaid – to provide a safety net of support to those with mental and physical disabilities who cannot afford private care,” the organization said in the filing.
MEXICO CITY (Sputnik) — The Constitutional Chamber of Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal threw out on Wednesday a lawsuit by Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz who sought to strip its justices of immunity.
© REUTERS/ Carlos Garcia Rawlins Venezuela Opposition Sues President Over Calling Constituent Assembly
The chief prosecutor, who has been in opposition to embattled President Nicolas Maduro, filed the motion on Tuesday in an attempt to launch an investigation into eight justices.
The top court has ruled Luisa Ortega's action unacceptable. She can be in turn prosecuted for trying to remove a judge, according to the Tribunal's 2016 decision.
The prosecutor has already tried to sue the national government for breaching democracy after President Maduro called a constituent assembly to rewrite the constitution adopted under President Hugo Chavez.
Venezuela's opposition accuses the government of mismanaging the oil-rich country and demands a snap presidential election. State prosecutors estimate that nearly 70 people have died in protests since early April after the top court briefly assumed legislative powers.
× Apple adds hundreds of new emojis, including gender neutral options
SAN DIEGO — Just when you thought there's an emoji for everything, Apple is adding hundreds more.
*Insert curious emoji face with monocle*
The tech giant announced on Friday that next week's iOS update will include more expressive smiley faces, gender-neutral options, mythical creatures, clothing, food and animals.
It previewed more than two dozen emoji that fit into these categories, including a hedgehog, a carton of Chinese takeout, a giraffe, fairy, dinosaur, broccoli, sled, a scarf and vampire. There's also a hand signing “I love you” and an angry emoji face with explicit characters blocking the mouth.
The new emoji will appear in the developer and public beta previews of iOS 11.1. Apple said they will be more widely available in upcoming software updates for iOS, macOS and watchOS.
The update will also include the emoji announced on World Emoji Day earlier this year, such as a breastfeeding mom and a woman in a headscarf.
Apple has stepped up efforts to include more diverse options, such as the new gender-neutral characters. It's also added more skin tones and country flags in recent updates.
Apple isn't the only company trying to make emoji more inclusive. Earlier this year, Facebook released a slate of new family emoji with a range of skin tones and family makeups.
The new emoji are Apple's interpretation of symbols approved this year by the Unicode Consortium, a nonprofit that sets the global standard for emoji and other software. Companies like Apple and Google create versions for their platforms based on the guidelines. That's why emoji look different on iPhones than on Android devices.
Android has also recently redesigned its emoji and added new options like a T. rex, orange heart and vomiting face. Its previous emoji were criticized for looking like blobs.
POLICE are on the hunt for an intruder who broke into a Seville Grove home early this morning armed with a machete and a hammer.
Two women said the man broke into their home through the back door and ransacked the house for around 40 minutes, while two children were sleeping.
“He told us, sit down, shut up, and show us where everything is,” one of the women said.
“He got very worked up because we didn't have what he wanted.”
The intruder made the women move from room to room as he went through their belongings.
It is believed the man stole a purse, $3000 cash, two watches, birth certificates and passports, before jumping the fence and leaving on a pushbike.
Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
George Soros, the speculator who ‘broke the Bank of England' in the 1990s, has said that he is backing campaigns to stop the “damaging” effects of Brexit, promising Best for Britain's manifesto will be published in days.
Addressing an audience of the globalist European Council on Foreign Relations in Paris on Tuesday, Soros referred to the UK's June 2016 vote to leave the European Union as a “territorial disintegration”, and that it should be stopped to prevent the bloc suffering from a hole in its budget.
“Brexit is an immensely damaging process, harmful to both sides. Most of the damage is felt right now when the European Union is in an existential crisis, but its attention is diverted to negotiating a separation agreement with Britain,” the open borders advocate said.
“That's a lose-lose proposition, but it could be converted into a win-win situation,” Soros added, speculating that in the time it would take for the UK to fully exit the EU the British public would be forced to change their minds and that “it would be better however if they came to a decision sooner rather than later.”
“That's the goal of an initiative called the ‘Best for Britain,' which I support.
“Best for Britain fought for, and helped to win, a meaningful parliamentary vote which includes the option of not leaving at all,” he said.
CLAIM: Soros-Backed Activists Being Trained to ‘Ruthlessly' Target MPs to Pressure Them to Reject Brexit https://t.co/C5AIcPCSUe — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) May 25, 2018
Soros is a vocal opponent of the UK leaving the EU and has links to senior members of the European political elite with leaked documents exposing a network of 226 “reliable allies” in the European Parliament.
Last month it was revealed that the OSF has pumped a total of £800,000 into the Best for Britain campaign to push for what the pressure group's president Patrick Gaspard called “a meaningful vote on the final Brexit proposal”.
In addition, the OSF gave a total of £303,000 to two other anti-Brexit organisations, the European Movement UK and Scientists for EU.
Businesswoman and Best for Britain's co-founder Gina Miller distanced herself from the pressure group after it was revealed the group accepted hundreds of thousands of pounds from Soros, calling the tactic “undemocratic”, a betrayal of “transparency” and likening it to “guerrilla warfare”.
Last week, it was alleged that Best for Britain activists were being trained to “ruthlessly” attack MPs in order to pressure them to block Brexit, including orchestrating mass anti-Brexit communications to constituency offices and pushing negative stories about MPs in the media.
Soros told the ECFR that stopping Brexit “would be good for Britain but would also render Europe a great service by rescinding Brexit and not creating a hard-to-fill hole in the European budget.
“But the British public must express its support by a convincing margin in order to be taken seriously by Europe. That's what the Best for Britain is aiming for by engaging the electorate. It will publish its manifesto in the next few days. ”
In reaction, Brexit leader and former UKIP leader Nigel Farage told his LBC radio audience Tuesday night that Britain had already made up her mind.
“I do not want a second referendum, Mr. Soros. We've had one,” Mr. Farage said.
“We have made our minds up in the greatest democratic exercise in the history of this country.
“But if you and your friends amongst the international and business elites force it upon us well then we will have to beat you again. This time, by a much bigger margin.”
Twitter Follow @friedmanpress Follow Victoria Friedman on
May 3 Ep Energy Corp
* Ep Energy reports first quarter 2017 results with continued oil production growth and improved financial position
* Q1 loss per share $0.19
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $0.10
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.10 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Total capital expenditures in q1 of 2017 were $152 million
* Qtrly 46.9 thousand barrels of oil production per day (mbbls/d) above 4q'16 and ahead of expectations
* Ep Energy Corp - qtrly average daily oil production was 46.9 mbbls/d, down 8 percent from 50.8 mbbls/d in q1 of 2016
* Company expects to increase capital allocation to wolfcamp program Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
60 migrants refused by Italy and Malta arrive in Barcelona
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-13', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 13', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants arrived Wednesday in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
The Italian government is blocking private rescue boats that it blames for encouraging human traffickers to launch unseaworthy boats loaded with migrants toward Europe.
But the aid groups deny having any link to smugglers in Libya or elsewhere, and say they are being forced to leave unattended the busy migrant sea transit route where deaths are mounting.
The Open Arms rescue ship completed a four-day journey to Barcelona, in northeastern Spain, after it saved 60 people Saturday from a rubber boat floating in waters north of Libya.
The migrants come from 14 different countries and include five women, a 9-year-old boy and four older teenagers, some of them unaccompanied. The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said they were generally in good health but some may have fuel burns.
The migrants were going through health checks and identification procedures. Authorities granted them a 30-day permit to apply for residence or asylum in the European Union. Many have relatives in Germany, Belgium and France.
According to the International Organization for Migration, more than 500 people have died trying to cross from Libya since the Aquarius, another charity rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in early June. The 630 migrants were finally taken in by Spain and France.
Doctors Without Borders blamed the deaths on the European Union's inaction.
"The EU is abdicating their responsibilities to save lives, blocking search and rescue and condemning people to be trapped in Libya," the group said in a tweet Wednesday. "Any deaths caused by this are now at their hands."
In all, IOM says 1,405 people have died in the dangerous Mediterranean Sea crossing this year.
The Open Arms docking in Barcelona was followed closely by the Astral, a sister boat run by the same organization where four European Parliament lawmakers witnessed the rescue operation.
Lawmaker Javier Lopez of Spain said the rescue boat's arrival was a reason "to celebrate life" but deplored the mounting death toll in the Mediterranean.
Lopez said Europe should be able to manage the number of migrants arriving by sea this year— around 50,000 so far into Spain, Italy and Greece.
"Aren't we, 500 million Europeans, able to manage the arrival of 50,000 people?" he said.
__
Parra reported from Madrid.
VOL. 42 | NO. 21 | Friday, May 25, 2018
NEW YORK (AP) — Walmart is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree. America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degree, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market.
The company is teaming up with Denver-based startup Guild Education to offer employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three non-profit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees.
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees, eliminating the need for student loans.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be able to qualify, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart.
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their entry-level workers at a time when their jobs are getting more complicated due to the rise of online shopping, steeper competition from Amazon and more demanding shoppers.
The partnership with Guild Education, which was founded in 2015, goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry level workers.
Guild Education works with other national chains, including Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it in the league of Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
__________
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio: http://twitter.com/ADInnocenzio
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Today, February 14, is Valentine's Day, the sacred day that intimate companions mark to celebrate their love and affection for one another.
If you're thinking about making a study of how couples celebrate this day, the Muslim world and the milieus of the radical Left are not the places you should be spending your time. Indeed, it's pretty hard to outdo Islamists and “progressives” when it comes to the hatred of Valentine's Day. And this hatred is precisely the territory on which the contemporary romance between the Left and Islamic Supremacism is formed.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The train is never late: every year that Valentine's comes around, the Muslim world erupts with ferocious rage, with its leaders doing everything in their power to suffocate the festivity that comes with the celebration of private romance. Imams around the world thunder against Valentine's every year — and the celebration of the day itself is literally outlawed in Islamist states.
This year, for example, the Islamabad High Court in Pakistan banned the celebration of Valentine's Day in public places, and at an official level, and prohibited all electronic and print media from covering any festivities or mentioning of the occasion. Several cities across Muslim-majority Indonesia, meanwhile, banned people from celebrating the day. In the city of Surabaya, a group of school students, which included many girls wearing the hijab, denounced Valentine's Day. In Muslim-dominant Malaysia, the group The National Muslim Youth Association directed females not to use emoticons and perfume in a pre-Valentine's Day message.
Last year, Pakistan also banned Valentine's Day, calling it an “insult” to Islam and warning that “strict” action against anyone daring to celebrate the day in any part of Islamabad. In the past, Valentine's Day activities were disrupted by Jamaat-e-Islami, Pakistan's main religious party, but in the last two years the state and court now get involved to ban celebration of the day. Back on Valentine's Day in Pakistan in 2013, supporters of Jamat-e-Islami took to the streets in Peshawar to vehemently denounce the Day of Love. Demonizing it as “un-Islamic,” the Muslim protestors shouted that the day had “spread immodesty in the world.” Shahzad Ahmed, the local leader of the student wing of Jamat-e-Islami, declared that the organization will not “allow” any Valentine's Day functions, warning that if Pakistani law enforcement did not prevent Pakistanis from holding such functions, that the Jamat-e-Islami would stop them “in our own way.” Khalid Waqas Chamkani, a leader in Jamat-e-Islami, calls Valentine's a “shameful day.”
Read the full story at FrontPage Magazine.
March 29 Shimao Property Holdings Ltd:
* Shimao Property Holdings partners with Starwood Capital Group to create new hotel joint venture in China
* Under terms of agreement, venture will be owned 51% by Shimao and 49% by Starwood Capital Group Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
A good birth story is an enduring piece of family lore that can be trotted out time and time again for birthdays, embarrassing wedding speeches and any given lull at holiday dinners.
Few are as good, though, as this: “Remember when we had twins born in separate YEARS?”
Obviously the possibility comes around every New Year, but this year at least three separate sets of twins came into this world with the honor.
Mazel tov to these families and their new little ones, whose birth dates will undoubtedly frustrate and confuse teachers and friends for years to come.
San Diego: Twin girls were born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women and Newborns in Kearny Mesa. The first made her appearance at 11:56 p.m. on December 31 and the second brought the highest drama by being born at exactly midnight on January 1st.
Atlanta: These twins were born at Northside Hospital Cherokee in Canton, Georgia. The first, a girl, was born at 11:20 p.m, the hospital told CNN. Her brother was born an hour later at 12:20 a.m. on New Year's Day.
Glendale, Arizona: Everett and Sawyer Shay were born at Banner Thunderbird Medical Center. Sawyer made a prompt entry at 11:50 p.m. on New Year's Eve, while Everett arrived at 12:01 a.m., making him the hospital's first baby born in 2017.
This birthday situation is pretty uncommon — last year, only one set of twins made the news for their unique 2015/2016 births, and that was also in San Diego.
However, we are seeing a rise in twin births in general, so New Year's is bound to be an interesting date for many moms and dads in the future.
WASHINGTON – Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating President Donald Trump for obstruction of justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Mueller is interviewing as early as this week three top intelligence officials as part of the probe, the Post reported, citing “five people briefed on the requests.”
It is the most significant sign that Mueller's investigation is extending beyond questions of Russian interference in the 2016 election.
The news came the same week as Trump friend Chris Ruddy floated the possibility that Trump would fire Mueller, who was appointed to head up the investigation after Trump fired Comey.
Mark Corallo, a spokesman for Trump's private attorney, Marc Kasowitz, immediately condemned the Post report.
“The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal,” Corallo told CNN.
The NSA said in a statement that the “NSA will fully cooperate with the special counsel. We are not in a position to comment further.”
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller, hinted broadly that the special counsel investigation could be looking at Trump during a House committee hearing on Tuesday. When asked about a letter he wrote recommending firing former FBI Director James Comey, Rosenstein said that Mueller could be looking into the decision-making process for the firing — and he was therefore “not at liberty to talk about that now.”
Mueller has been tasked with leading the executive branch's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and any potential collusion between Russia and Trump associates.
Mueller met with Sens. Richard Burr and Mark Warner, the Republican and Democratic leadership of the Senate intelligence committee Wednesday.
Comey testified before the Senate intelligence committee last week and confirmed that he gave Mueller the memos he wrote detailing his interactions with Trump ahead of his firing. In one memo, Comey said Trump tried to direct him to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Comey said he believed Mueller would look into Trump for obstruction of justice.
“I don't think it's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the president was an effort to obstruct,” Comey said. “I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense.”
This story is breaking and will be updated.
The Northern Territory road toll has risen to four following the death of a 29-year-old man on the Plenty Hwy near the Queensland border.
Police received a report of an overturned vehicle on the outback highway, 30km west of Tobermorey Station and 530km east of Alice Springs, just before 8pm on Thursday.
Upon arrival at the scene, investigators found the man's body.
It is not clear where the man was from at this stage.
A report will be prepared for the coroner.
ANAHEIM, Calif. — Logan Shaw had a goal and an assist, and Jakob Silfverberg returned from a five-game injury absence to score the tiebreaking goal late in the second period of the Anaheim Ducks' 3-2 victory over the Carolina Hurricanes on Monday night.
Derek Grant also scored and John Gibson made 28 saves for the Ducks, who won for just the third time in 11 games. The injury-plagued team was boosted by the simultaneous returns of Silfverberg and captain Ryan Getzlaf, who had missed 19 games after getting hit in the face with a puck.
But then the Ducks lost forward Corey Perry to a potentially serious lower-body injury in the first period.
Perry was hurt when his right leg bent awkwardly as he ran into the back of Carolina's Jeff Skinner, and he struggled to get off the ice. Perry, the 2011 NHL MVP, has played in 239 straight regular-season games and 40 playoff contests since Dec. 28, 2014, for the Ducks.
Justin Williams scored and Scott Darling stopped 20 shots for the Hurricanes, who have lost four straight and six of seven. Carolina went winless on its three-game California road swing, although it picked up overtime points on the first two stops.
Victor Rask scored for Carolina on a loose puck in front of Gibson with 2:40 to play.
Shaw ended his 20-game goal drought in the third period off a sharp pass from defenceman Andy Welinski, who got his first point in his NHL debut. The 24-year-old American is the seventh member of the Ducks' remarkable 2011 draft class to suit up for Anaheim, including Gibson, Rickard Rakell and defenceman Josh Manson.
Gibson made several big saves down the stretch, including a stunning dive to stop Elias Lindholm.
Getzlaf had been out since getting hit in the face by a puck Oct. 29 in Raleigh. The Ducks have been without Ryan Kesler, their other top centre, all season long.
Getzlaf even protected his recently repaired face with a visor, which he typically only wears during international play for Canada. Getzlaf is among the few dozen NHL players who had chosen not to wear a visor after the league made them mandatory for new players in 2013.
Mississippi - A 13-year-old girl in Mississippi has died after being shot by her 9-year-old brother over a fight about video games, police say.
The shooting took place around 12:30 p.m. Saturday at a home in northeast Mississippi, Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell told The Washington Post on Monday.
Cantrell, who happened to be in the area and was the first officer to respond, said he arrived to a scene he'll never forget.
The siblings had been in a bedroom playing a video game while adults were elsewhere in the home, Cantrell said, citing his interviews with the family, including with the 9-year-old boy.
At some point, the boy wanted the video game controller from his sister but she wouldn't give it to him, Cantrell said.
"The little boy -- he managed to get a gun out of a nightstand there in the room there, and he just came over and shot her," Cantrell said. "I've been in law enforcement 30-some-odd years, and I've never dealt with anything quite like this. Not with children."
The 13-year-old was rushed to a hospital in Amory, a city in Monroe County, then flown to Le Bonheur Children's Hospital in Memphis, about 130 miles away, the sheriff said.
Over the weekend, Cantrell told local media outlets the bullet entered the girl's brain from the back of her head. She died Sunday at the hospital, WTVA News reported.
The sheriff did not identify the family.
Cantrell said the investigation was ongoing and that officials would confer Monday to see if there was any parental negligence.
"That's what we're going to be looking at today, to see if there are any charges that need to be brought against the parents," he told The Post. "Anything's possible. We're going to look at every possible scenario."
Cantrell said physical evidence at the scene corroborated "to a T" what the 9-year-old said had happened. He did not specify if the boy would face charges, or how much the child understood the severity of what had occurred.
"I talked to him. I just asked him what happened, and he said what he did," Cantrell said. "At the same time, you're talking to a little boy that's nine years old. . . . I think a lot of this goes back to these games, you know, where you hit the reset button where everybody's OK."
In a phone interview Monday, Cantrell repeatedly called the situation a "tragedy," one he hoped to never encounter again.
"I've never dealt with children shooting each other," Cantrell said. "That's about the only thing I can say at this point."
Firearms-related injuries are the nation's third leading cause of death for children ages 1 to 17, according to a 2017 report in the medical journal Pediatrics. An average of 1 297 children died each year from 2012 to 2014 from a firearm-related injury.
Analysing data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the US Consumer Product Safety Commission, The Post's editorial board found that "on average, 23 children were shot each day in the United States in 2015. Of the approximately 8 400 shootings, 1 458 were fatal, a death toll that exceeds the entire number of US military fatalities in Afghanistan this decade."
The Washington Post
Elizabeth Smart kidnapper denied early prison release
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Files - This 2016 photo provided by the Salt Lake County Sheriff's Office shows Wanda Barzee. Barzee, a woman convicted of helping a former street preacher kidnap then-Utah teenager Elizabeth Smart from her Salt Lake City home in 2002 has been denied early parole, which was expected after she refused to attend a hearing last month before the state parole board that could have helped her get out of prison before her January 2024 scheduled release. (Salt Lake County Sheriff's Office via AP, File) less FILE - This 2016 photo provided by the Salt Lake County Sheriff's Office shows Wanda Barzee. Barzee, a woman convicted of helping a former street preacher kidnap then-Utah teenager Elizabeth Smart from her Salt ... more Photo: AP Image 2 of 5 Files - This Nov. 18, 2010, file photo, Wanda Barzee, estranged wife of Brian David Mitchell leaves court, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Barzee, a woman convicted of helping a former street preacher kidnap then-Utah teenager Elizabeth Smart from her Salt Lake City home in 2002 has been denied early parole, which was expected after she refused to attend a hearing last month before the state parole board that could have helped her get out of prison before her January 2024 scheduled release. (Jeffrey D. Allred/The Deseret News via AP, File) less FILE - This Nov. 18, 2010, file photo, Wanda Barzee, estranged wife of Brian David Mitchell leaves court, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Barzee, a woman convicted of helping a former street preacher kidnap then-Utah ... more Photo: Jeffrey D. Allred, AP Image 3 of 5 Files - In this July 6, 2017, file photo, kidnapping victim Elizabeth Smart speaks to reporters during a tour of the state crime lab in Taylorsville, Utah. Wanda Barzee, a woman convicted of helping a former street preacher kidnap then-Utah teenager Elizabeth Smart from her Salt Lake City home in 2002 has been denied early parole, which was expected after she refused to attend a hearing last month before the state parole board that could have helped her get out of prison before her January 2024 scheduled release. less FILE - In this July 6, 2017, file photo, kidnapping victim Elizabeth Smart speaks to reporters during a tour of the state crime lab in Taylorsville, Utah. Wanda Barzee, a woman convicted of helping a former ... more Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP Image 4 of 5 Files - In this July 6, 2017, file photo, kidnapping victim Elizabeth Smart looks on during a tour of the state crime lab, in Taylorsville, Utah. Wanda Barzee, a woman convicted of helping a former street preacher kidnap then-Utah teenager Elizabeth Smart from her Salt Lake City home in 2002 has been denied early parole, which was expected after she refused to attend a hearing last month before the state parole board that could have helped her get out of prison before her January 2024 scheduled release. less FILE - In this July 6, 2017, file photo, kidnapping victim Elizabeth Smart looks on during a tour of the state crime lab, in Taylorsville, Utah. Wanda Barzee, a woman convicted of helping a former street ... more Photo: Rick Bowmer, AP Image 5 of 5 Elizabeth Smart kidnapper denied early prison release 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A woman convicted of helping a former street preacher kidnap then-Utah teenager Elizabeth Smart from her Salt Lake City home in 2002 has been denied early parole.
The decision announced Monday night by the Utah Board of Pardons and Parole was expected after Wanda Barzee, 72, refused to attend her hearing last month before the state parole board that could have helped her get out of prison before her scheduled release on Jan. 29, 2024.
Barzee has also refused to take undergo a mental health evaluation she would need to get out early.
The board instead set a new hearing for January 2023, though it said in the decision that it would consider an earlier date if Barzee takes the mental health evaluation.
Smart, now 30, declined comment on the decision through a spokesman. She said after the June 12 hearing that she's concerned that Barzee hasn't changed after learning that Barzee is still carrying around a manuscript containing revelations the former street preacher, Brian David Mitchell, said he received from God that told him to kidnap Smart. She said the manuscript also contains other "disturbing and dangerous ideas." She didn't say how she knows Barzee has the book.
Smart's abduction from her bedroom at knifepoint by a man who came in through an open kitchen window triggered waves of fear among parents everywhere. The frantic search for Smart and the mystery about who took her captivated the nation.
She was found nine months later while walking with Barzee and Mitchell on a street in the suburb of Sandy, Utah, by people who recognized the couple from media reports as suspects in Smart's kidnapping.
Mitchell is serving a life sentence after being convicted of kidnapping and raping Smart. He and Barzee were married at one point.
Before the kidnapping, the Smart family had paid Mitchell to do handyman work at the house after running into him in downtown Salt Lake City and thinking he was just a man down on his luck.
Smart, who is married with two children and pregnant with a third, has written a book about the harrowing ordeal and recently helped make a Lifetime movie and documentary about the crime and her life. She is now a child safety activist who regularly gives speeches.
She posted this week on her Instagram account about how she has learned not to focus on negative things that make you feel life is unfair and realized that bad things often lead to "knowledge, compassion, understanding, empathy, love, healing, and change."
"Looking back I can honestly say it was the worst experience I have ever dealt with and I hope no one ever goes through it again but I am also grateful it happened to me for what it has taught me and allowed me to be a part of, and for making me into the person I am today," Smart wrote.
The companies, GenSight Biologics of Paris and Bionic Sight, a startup out of Weill Cornell Medical College in New York, both say a combination of wearable electronics and gene therapy has a chance to restore vision by re-creating the retina's ability to sense light.
Both companies are aiming to help patients with a degenerative eye disease called retinitis pigmentosa, which destroys light-sensing cells in the retina. If the approach works, it could in theory be used to treat any type of retinal disease that involves the loss of these cells, called photoreceptors.
Optogenetics, a form of gene therapy, offers an unconventional but potentially powerful way to bypass damaged photoreceptors. Using the technique, scientists add genetic instructions to a different type of retinal cells, ganglions, so that they become light-sensitive instead.
Working with the Institut de la Vision in Paris, GenSight has developed a pair of goggles containing a camera, a mircroprocessor, and a digital micromirror that will convert images the camera captures into bright pulses of red light in order to stimulate the modified cells.
When tested in blind monkeys and rats, the technology appeared to restore their ability to see, says GenSight CEO Bernard Gilly, but only a test in human volunteers who are able to describe what they perceive after being treated will be definitive. He expects a human study to start this year.
The companies are also closely tracking results from an initial human test of optogenetics carried out last March in Texas. In a trial being led by RetroSense Therapeutics, recently acquired by Allergan, a blind woman became first person to receive an optogenetic treatment to help restore her vision.
That study has so far enrolled four patients, according to David Birch of the Retina Foundation of the Southwest, where the trial is taking place. Each patient gets three injections into the eye of an engineered virus carrying a gene from algae, which instructs cells to make the light-sensitive protein. The team hasn't yet reported its results, so it's unknown whether the subjects have gotten any of their vision back.
The RetroSense study relies on natural light to activate the cells. That could limit the treatment's effectiveness, because the light-sensing proteins only respond to specific wavelengths of light, and low levels of ambient or natural light may not be bright enough to trigger them.
Richard Masland, an ophthalmology professor at Harvard Medical School and a scientific advisor for RetroSense, says that is why companies are looking into goggles or other “light adaptation machinery” as way to beam light of the right wavelengths and intensity into the eye.
Also pursuing a combination of goggles and optogenetics is Bionic Sight, a startup founded by Sheila Nirenberg, a neuroscientist at Weill Cornell Medical College. The company said in January that it would partner with the gene-therapy company Applied Genetic Technologies to begin clinical trials by 2018.
It's still unclear what sort of vision will result from stimulating the ganglion cells, as these cells normally act to relay nerve impulses and don't receive light directly. Nirenberg says her goggles will convert light into a “neural code,” or a pattern of pre-processed pulses, which will look to the ganglion cells as if they are coming from other cells in the retina.
Daniel Palanker, an ophthalmology professor and director of the Hansen Experimental Physics Laboratory at Stanford University, is skeptical that Nirenberg's neural code will help. That's because there are around 30 types of retinal ganglion cells, some of which respond to light while some respond to motion and some to differences in contrast. No one set of light patterns would be able to communicate with all of them, he says.
HARRISONVILLE, Mo. (AP) — A man connected to two Kansas City-area women who disappeared about 10 years apart has been charged with murder in their deaths.
Kylr Yust was charged Thursday with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of abandoning a corpse in the deaths of 17-year-old Kara Kopetsky of Belton and 21-year-old Jessica Runions of Raymore. He is being held on $1 million bond.
Yust had long been a suspect in the two deaths. Runions was seen leaving a gathering with Yust before she disappeared in September 2016.
Kopetsky had filed a protection order against Yust in April 2007, a month before she went missing after walking out of Belton High School.
The remains of Kopetsky and Runions were found in April in a rural area near Belton.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Jesse Duplantis Ministries has three private jets, but Duplantis needs one more.
After all, as the televangelist who preaches the controversial "prosperity gospel" explained to his followers in a video last week, if Jesus Christ walked the earth today, "he wouldn't be riding a donkey."
There's just one thing: To buy that $54 million private jet (Duplantis has his eye on a Dassault Falcon 7x), the Louisiana preacher needs his followers to donate money to the cause. As for those aforementioned three jets, the most recent of which was purchased in 2006, the ministry has been "just burning them up for the Lord Jesus Christ," Duplantis said in the video, per NOLA.com.
The Falcon 7x, with a range of 5,950 nautical miles, is needed "so we can go anywhere in the world in one stop," he explained. None of his other jets can do that.
Duplantis told his followers that God told him, "I want you to believe in me for a Falcon 7X." He said viewers should "pray about becoming a partner to it."
He addressed the possible controversial nature of his request, per WGNO: "Now some people believe that preachers shouldn't have jets. I really believe that preachers ought to go on every available voice, every available outlet, to get this gospel preached to the world."
He has defended his use of private planes in the past in what the Washington Post calls a "widely mocked" video in which he and another preacher said, among other things, that you can't speak openly to God on a commercial airliner.
Duplantis, who has a church just outside New Orleans, also owns one of the largest homes in St. Charles Parish; it has 22,039 square feet of living space and 12,947 square feet of outdoor patios, garages, and other amenities.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Twitter has reversed one of its new anti-abuse features following complaints that it encouraged even more abuse on the platform.
After Twitter announced on Monday that a new anti-abuse feature would stop notifying users when they'd been added to a list, several complaints started to immediately gain traction.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
We want you to get notifications that matter. Starting today, you won't get notified when you are added to a list. https://t.co/82xiaZbg1W — Twitter Safety (@TwitterSafety) February 13, 2017
“Being added to a list and knowing what list you were added to was literally the last useful thing about Twitter,” complained one user.
@TwitterSafety Being added to a list and knowing what list you were added to was literally the last useful thing about Twitter. — Anthony Quintano 🌴 (@AnthonyQuintano) February 13, 2017
“This isn't a good move. Please reconsider,” added another.
“Yeah no this update is bad and seems to misunderstand the nature of abuse on the platform,” another user proclaimed, while one verified account simply added: “you just made it easier for people to stalk other people so good job.”
@SwiftOnSecurity @TwitterSafety @Support yeah no this update is bad and seems to misunderstand the nature of abuse on the platform cc @jack — jake (@jakebeckman) February 13, 2017
@TwitterSafety you just made it easier for people to stalk other people so good job. — Carli Velocci (@velocciraptor) February 13, 2017
@TwitterSafety @Support Man, I was having hope y'all would make one smart move to start 2017. Come on. — Austin Braun (@AustinOnSocial) February 13, 2017
@TwitterSafety lol you are so fucking bad at this — Lev Novak (@LevNovak) February 13, 2017
Following complaints, Twitter quickly reversed their decision, announcing, “We heard your feedback – this was a misstep. We're rolling back the change and we'll keep listening,” just hours later.
We heard your feedback – this was a misstep. We're rolling back the change and we'll keep listening. https://t.co/9ozPS4XlVI — Twitter Safety (@TwitterSafety) February 13, 2017
Twitter first announced their new wave of anti-abuse features in a blog post last week.
The changes reportedly include extra measures to stop suspended users from creating new accounts, “safer search results,” and the collapsing of “potentially abusive or low-quality Tweets.”
“In the days and weeks ahead, we will continue to roll out product changes – some changes will be visible and some less so – and will update you on progress every step of the way,” declared Twitter in their post. “With every change, we'll learn, iterate, and continue to move at this speed until we've made a significant impact that people can feel.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.
April 20 The Mortgage Bankers Association on Thursday released a report on proposed changes in a possible reform of the secondary U.S. mortgage market including the role of mortgage government-sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
* U.S. mortgage industry group says it recommends a multiple guarantor model with at least two entities, preferably more, in a reform of secondary mortgage market.
* Reform should ensure a robust private mortgage market that can exist parallel to a government-backed market.
* Rechartered successors to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac will likely be the first two guarantors.
* A U.S. regulator would be allowed to charter more mortgage guarantors in bid to promote competition
* Mortgage guarantors would be monoline, regulated utilities owned by private shareholders.
* A mortgage insurance fund with explicit government guarantee should be created to back eligible mortgage-backed securities. Further company coverage: (Reporting By Richard Leong)
Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, says he believes Republicans are engaged in an "unprecedented" attempt to impugn special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation and the integrity of the FBI.
Scroll for more content...
The Nunes memo, which was released to the public on Friday, is the latest episode in what Warner believes is a campaign "to undermine the very validity of the Mueller investigation, and when it does appear that they may not get enough traction to fire Mueller ... undermining the integrity of the FBI and the Department of Justice," Warner told David Axelrod on "The Axe Files," a podcast produced by the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN.
"We are in an area again where I can't think of any administration in my lifetime that has gone out and actively undermined law enforcement," the Virginia senator said.
Warner, who is leading the Senate investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election alongside Sen. Richard Burr, R-North Carolina, said neither he nor his Republican colleague was permitted to view the memo before its release after being flatly told "we will not grant you access."
Warner said he believes both he and Burr were blocked from viewing the memo prior to its release because "any legitimate entity would question both the methodology behind the memo, the willingness to use classified information this recklessly and ... feel like we need to contradict or at least need to point out its flaws."
When the House Intelligence Committee "voted again on party lines not to allow the Democrats to release their document, which again just doesn't pass the smell test," Warner said it reconfirmed what is, to him, the partisan nature of the memo.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Friday the memo helps "provide greater transparency" and that he supports Democrats releasing their own memo.
The Russia investigation in the Senate is ongoing, and Warner said it's key to defend against future threats of cyberwarfare.
"The fact that the President has not acknowledged this is a national threat means we have no whole-of-government approach to make sure it doesn't happen again," Warner said. "And that makes our country less safe."
Limassol bus drivers announced on Monday they were going on a 48-hour strike on Tuesday after their employer failed to restore their slashed benefits.
The decision to go ahead with the strike announced a month ago was taken on Monday after negotiations between Limassol bus company, Emel, and the workers, mediated by the labour ministry, ended inconclusively.
Sek trade union rep, Yiannis Tsouris, said that the proposals submitted did not satisfy the workers.
The drivers want the concessions they made in wages and benefits in 2014 reinstated, arguing that full restoration is a company obligation and non-negotiable.
The workers had given a month for the dispute to be resolved but there was no result.
The drivers asked for the public's understanding, arguing they had no other way of claiming their rights.
“I couldn't be prouder of England-a victory in a penalty shootout! You have well and truly earnt your place in the final eight of the World Cup and you should know the whole country is right behind you for Saturday. Come on England!”
My sentiments entirely, but not my words or tweet I am afraid. These are the words of our future King, Prince William, after our stunning victory in Moscow last night.
READ MORE: England Fans Melt Down as Prince William 'Takes Over' Royal Twitter After Win
William has summed up the mood of the nation. However, the plain stark facts are that he should have been in that stadium last night as should many, many thousands more English football fans. However, because of the rampant anti Russia hysteria wound up by Theresa May and Boris Johnson, William and everyone else has been left at home waiting for football to come home.
You will recall that Theresa DisMay announced, in fit of pique in March, that no members of the Government or the Royal Family would attend the world cup even though she had absolutely no hard evidence that the SKRIPALS WERE POISONED by the Russian State.
© Sputnik / Vladimir Pesnya Will Theresa May Go to Russia if England Make It to the World Cup Final?
Her exact words were "There will be no attendance by ministers — or indeed members of the Royal Family — at this summer's World Cup in Russia,"
She continued, "The Russian state was culpable of the attempted murder".
"Many of us looked at a post-Soviet Russia with hope. We wanted a better relationship and it is tragic that President Putin has chosen to act in this way."
You will then recall that Boris the Big Mouth ratcheted up the tension by suggesting our team might even be banned from participating in the World Cup. Welsh windbag Neil Kinnock's son Stephen said we should boycott the tournament and then later said our fans and players should wear black armbands to protest against Putin. Is he an MP or the leader of the National Union of Students? Grow up you prat!
Then the MSM decided to do their bit of anti-Russia propaganda. After slavishly following the absurd and clearly false narrative about the Skripal case they started talking about Russian hooligans and what the Ultras were going to do to English fans.
Now of course there was terrible violence between English fans and Russian at the last big tournament BUT I don't want to do the proverbial on the MSM and politicians parade but so far there has been no real violence or aggro at this World Cup. In fact, quite the opposite, everyone has been remarking on how fantastically well organised the event has been and what a beautiful and welcoming country modern Russia is.
READ MORE: Weaponizing Media: From 'The Russians Did It' to 'Rothschild Conspiracy'
It has been quite literally a month-long PR advertising campaign for the new Russia. This again, of course, casts even more doubt on the assertion by Dis May and Big Mouth Johnson that Putin had anything to do with the Skripal poisoning. As I said at the time, why would he be involved in something like that on the eve of such a PR opportunity? It was obvious then, it is even more clear now.
Then, this morning, a tweet pops up on my timeline from Theresa May and I reach for the sick bucket, not as a reaction to last night's excesses but to her disgusting tweet, "Huge congratulations to England Keep the flag flying for us." She illustrates this with the flag of Saint George flying over Number 10.
​So, now she is a football fan? The question now then, is will she lift the ban and actually say sorry to Russia and President Putin especially in the light of a news story breaking this morning of another couple falling ill in Salisbury which is reminiscent of the Skripals. How long before Boris tells us again, "it Woz the Russians wot did it……. again".
© Sputnik / Alexander Kryazhev 'Clear Propaganda': England Fan Shames British Media After Visiting World Cup in Russia
This woman and her Foreign Secretary are a liability to the UK and both should go now.
In the short term both Prince Harry and William should be on the next EasyJet flight to Russia and should be in the stadium supporting our boys.
I also hope, in the light of the brilliant security and the general atmosphere of Russia hosting of this magnificent event, that many more English fans will scrape the cash together and manage to get there. I really truly wish I could afford the trip. I genuinely believe that football is coming home and I just wish these two Muppets would find another home far, far away from the UK and out of harm's way.
Finally, and with delicious irony, when we beat Sweden on Saturday there is every chance we could meet Russia in the Semi-finals, oh how glorious would that be?
Come on England!
The views and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
When you let your three year old pick out the tree…..🎄 A post shared by @rachelbilson on Dec 11, 2017 at 7:37am PST
While other stars are decking out 20-foot trees in fake snow and globe-sized ornaments, Rachel Bilson and her daughter Briar Rose, 3, took a different approach to holiday decor.
The O.C. alum, 36, who separated from Briar Rose's father Hayden Christensen in September, shared a sweet photo of their Charlie Brown-style Christmas tree on Instagram, writing, “When you let your three year old pick out the tree…”
RELATED: Every Piece of Over-the-Top Kardashian-Jenner Christmas Decor Through the Years
Just because their tree is a little on the short and sparse side, standing about a foot tall and boasting approximately six branches to decorate, doesn't mean the mother and daughter didn't make a good showing of holiday spirit in giving it a little sprucing up.
Colored lights, mini candy canes and a few select ornaments make the little guy — who would likely have ended up in the wood chipper had he not been Briar Rose's pick — look just as festive as a full-grown evergreen.
#fbf ❤️ A post shared by @rachelbilson on Apr 21, 2017 at 2:27pm PDT
RELATED: All the Celebs Who Are So Ready for Christmas: Mariah Carey, Sarah Hyland, Britney Spears and More!
Bilson has been coparenting with Christensen, 36, since they parted after 10 years together. The actors met on the set of their 2008 film Jumper and got engaged later that year. They called off their engagement in August 2010 but reconciled three months later.
Christensen spoke about naming his daughter Briar Rose in 2015.
“There's a Disney reference there I suppose,” he said of her unique name. “The original Sleeping Beauty is called Briar Rose. Rachel — we both love Disney — but Rachel especially was very keen on the name.”
No word yet on if the family will be celebrating Chrismukkah with some Yamaclaus as a unit.
The Bachelorette‘s Rachel Lindsay is looking forward to finding her forever love!
“I'm at a stage in my life where I'm ready for a family, I'm ready to get married,” Lindsay, 31, tells PEOPLE. “I want a guy who is not afraid of that. I've come across that in my past.”
Adding, “I'm really at the point where I'm ready for that and going through this season with Nick and being so close, made me realize how much I want it even more.”
Monday's news that Lindsay had been cast as the first black Bachelorette in franchise history took fans by surprise by revealing that Lindsay would not receive the final rose from leading man Nick Viall.
“I was definitely heartbroken over the situation,” Lindsay says of her breakup with Viall, 36. “I didn't expect it. I didn't think it would end that way for me.”
RELATED VIDEO: The Bachelor‘s Nick Viall Thinks Rachel Lindsay Will Be an ‘Amazing' Bachelorette!
But, she continues, “Time heals all. Since then, I've been able to get back into work and be with family and friends, I've moved on from it. My biggest thing is, I just want Nick to be happy. If he's found that with someone else, then that makes me happy too.”
After having time to heal, Lindsay is more than ready to get this show on the road.
“The breakup wasn't that long ago, but then in reality I wasn't really dating Nick that long either,” she says. “I really have had time to deal with my feelings.”
RELATED VIDEO: Bachelor Alums Caila Quinn & Olivia Caridi's Advice for New Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay
Lindsay sums up, “Really one of the things that I took from it that is so important is how much I am ready for this and how much I want this. I'm so grateful to have the opportunity to do this again — and to be I the driver's seat! I have my choice! I'm excited for that. It's a different role.”
The Bachelor airs Mondays (8 p.m. ET), and Lindsay's season of The Bachelorette premieres May 22, both on ABC.
SHAKEY'S Pizza Asia Ventures, Inc. (SPAVI) is set to expand its product offerings, after proposing to shareholders that it be allowed to operate restaurant brands other than Shakey's.
In a disclosure to the stock exchange on Tuesday, the listed full-service restaurant operator said it has filed to amend its primary purpose under the articles of incorporation.
The company's current primary purpose specifies that it shall be involved “in the effective production, merchandising, packaging, and sales by such establishments of all types of family food products under the name of “Shakey's.”
The proposed amendment will read in part as: “To establish maintain, manage, lease, purchase, acquire, hold, and dispose of by sale, lease or otherwise in the Philippines or in any foreign territory, restaurant brands, food parlor brands, and other food brands, whether foreign or local.”
The proposed amendment is subject to the approval of SPAVI's shareholders during the company's annual stockholders' meeting scheduled for Aug. 16.
Earlier this month, SPAVI also disclosed that it will be dissolving its Hong Kong-based subsidiary Golden Gourmet Ltd. (GGL). This is after the company applied for the voluntary de-registration of GGL.
“SPAVI applied for the voluntary de-registration of GGL as part of the streamlining of its corporate structure,” the company said.
SPAVI booked a net income of P762 million in 2017, 14% higher year on year after the group recorded a 17% increase in revenues to P7 billion. It ended 2017 with a total of 208 stores, after launching 24 new outlets during the year.
This year, the firm targets to open 20 new stores, that will bring its nationwide store count to 228 by yearend. Alongside the store expansion, SPAVI is also upgrading existing stores to enhance the dining experience and improving delivery systems to support the customers' growing need for convenience.
Shares in SPAVI gained eight centavos or 0.58% to close at P13.94 each at the stock exchange on Tuesday. — Arra B. Francia
March 31 Jiangsu Nandasoft Technology Co Ltd -
* Wu qing an is being proposed for appointment as an executive director of company Source text (bit.ly/2nSNmqe) Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, April 5 A Health Savings Account is supposed to stay with you for life, but if you do not use it, you could lose actually lose it.
HSAs are intended to make medical expenses more affordable by allowing consumers with high-deductible health plans to set aside pretax money in an account that, unlike a Flexible Spending Account, will not expire at the end of the year.
You can keep these accounts as you change jobs, which allows you to build up funds that you can spend as you need to or save for retirement.
But at least 24 percent of the 20 million-plus Americans with these accounts leave them inactive, according to research firm Devenir.
Some may not have enough extra cash to deposit. Some currently may not be eligible to put in money because they have changed health plans. Some may simply have forgotten they opened the accounts in the first place.
When an HSA account sits for too long with no activity, the bank holding it has several options, one of which is to turn the money over to the state as unclaimed funds.
Before that happens, however, you will probably get a very sternly worded letter filled with arcane terminology about state escheatment law.
In escheatment, the state takes control of unclaimed assets, including bank accounts abandoned by people who cannot be reached because they have moved or died, settlement funds from lawsuits, or other awards that were never claimed. Several websites, like unclaimed.org, allow you to check by state to see if there are registered funds in your name.
Because Health Savings Accounts are often held by banks or credit unions that treat them as regular checking accounts, rather than as retirement investment accounts like an IRA, they can fall under escheatment law, depending on the state.
"If the account is in checking, it might be one set of state rules; if it's in a brokerage, it might be different rules," said Steve Christenson, executive vice president of retirement and savings plan provider Ascensus.
Christenson himself has four separate HSA accounts. While he stays on top of them, he can understand how employees who hopscotch employers and providers can lose track.
Here is what to do if you have a dormant HSA account:
* Tell the bank that you want to keep the account
The average HSA balance is $1,844, according to the Employee Benefit Research Institute.
There is a benefit to keeping the account open, even with a zero or low balance, said HSA Consulting Services President Roy Ramthun. Even if you cannot contribute right now, you may be able to do so in the future.
Internal Revenue Service rules start the clock on eligible expenses when you open the HSA account, not when you put in money. So you could keep your receipts for medical costs now and reimburse yourself whenever you can make deposits.
* Compound the interest
Most people keep their HSA money in cash via a checking-type account, but if you have any significant balance at all, you can invest the money and let the magic of compounding work for you. Ten years from now, your $1,000 could be worth $1,790 if you put it in an index fund that earns 6 percent, and that gain would be tax-free.
"We want it to be a longer-term vehicle, so removing the account is counter to that," said Eric Dowley, senior vice president of Fidelity's HSA division.
Fidelity generally treats HSAs like it does IRAs and does not seek to close low-balance accounts, he added.
* Move the account to a friendlier bank
If you got one of those scary letters saying your HSA was about to be seized and your financial institution does not seem happy about keeping a dormant account, shop around and pay close attention to fees.
* Spend the money
If you close your HSA and withdraw the funds that are left, you will have to pay taxes and fees that could eat up your whole balance.
Instead, you could just spend the money on qualified expenses like contact lenses or prescriptions, and then close the emptied account. (Editing by Lauren Young and Lisa Von Ahn)
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo, June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year. U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell, according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision. Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
PLAYA VISTA >> Blake Griffin scored 20 points in the first half, Chris Paul netted 20 in the second and DeAndre Jordan was disruptive throughout, grabbing a game-high 15 rebounds and blocking three shots.
As reliable as the Clippers' “big three” was in the 98-96 Game 1 loss in their first-round playoff series on Saturday, something was missing from the recipe that lifted them to a 51-win season.
J.J. Redick was held in check by an aggressive Utah Jazz defense which allowed him just six shot attempts in 27 minutes. He finished with seven points and made only one 3-pointer.
“We're definitely going to have to do more,” Paul said. “J.J. is the best shooter on our team and that's our job as a team and even my job as a point guard to find him more open looks. We'll try to do that.”
When the Clippers' offense is humming, Redick is an integral piece of it, moving without the ball, catching passes off screens and shooting quickly. He is a career 41.5 percent 3-point shooter and an important offensive weapon for the Clippers, who start one big man, Jordan, who never leaves the post, another in Griffin who is only beginning to get comfortable shooting 3-pointers, and a small forward, Luc Mbah a Moute, who is not a reliable perimeter shooter.
It's no surprise, then, that Utah made slowing Redick such an emphasis entering the series. Game 1 set the tone for a physical and grueling series, even though the Jazz will be without star center Rudy Gobert for Tuesday's Game 2 and likely beyond because of a hyperextended left knee.
“That's the way the playoffs are,” Paul said. “It's contact, it's physical. And you just play through it.”
The Clippers will be watching closely to see how Redick responds to his Game 1 struggles, which were of course by design.
“I think that respect we have for him probably translates into some urgency,” Jazz coach Quin Snyder said following his team's practice Monday at UCLA. “You have to get lucky. On a given night you could be playing good defense and he can torch you. And you can't rely on one guy.”
The Jazz has leaned on Joe Ingles, a former Clippers training camp invitee, to defend Redick. The 6-foot-8 Ingles has size and strength to bully Redick, and with the Jazz aggressively defending screens set for Redick, he had little room to get going.
Advertisement
When those opportunities weren't there for Redick early, the Clippers seemed to go away from him.
“I'm fine,” Redick said. “I've said it earlier, for me it's not about getting shots, it's about making the right plays. A couple of the ones in the first half where I passed the ball and got a turnover, I should have shot.”
Getting Redick on track is just one of the things the Clippers tried to address in two days of practice between Games 1 and 2.
“We definitely need to correct a few things,” Paul said. “Our defense has to be better, our pace, our tempo, everything has to be better. Our offense. Everything can be better. Had we won that game we still would have needed to do things better.”
Doc Rivers said he was not worried about Redick's ability to find room to operate against the Jazz going forward, but said the rest of the Clippers need to pick up the slack when he doesn't.
“In the past when teams have paid a lot of attention to J.J., it opens up other things for other guys and we end up scoring,” Rivers said. “I thought we spent too much time trying to get J.J. going quite honestly. I think J.J. is going to get going. We're going to get him shots.
“But when we're not getting him shots, we should be getting layups and other shots. We didn't do either one.”
It was part of what Rivers saw as a bigger problem, the Clippers constantly reacting when the Jazz instigated the action.
“They're still going to do what they do,” Rivers said. “They should. That's who they are. But we didn't do what we usually do. So when you have two teams who are both trying to instigate action, it's a better game.”
Former Massachusetts governor and failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney said he would announce on February 15 if he is running for the Utah Senate seat being vacated by longtime statesman Orrin Hatch (R-UT).
But if you visit the website he links to on his Twitter account, you will most likely conclude he's already decided. “Join Team Mitt,” the home page says.
“Looking forward to making an announcement on February 15th about the Utah Senate race,” Romney said in a tweet that includes this link.
Looking forward to making an announcement on February 15th about the Utah Senate race. https://t.co/OLXWZWREEK — Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) February 1, 2018
It may be a coincidence that Romney is making his announcement in the middle of the 2018 Olympic Winter Games, an event he is credited with “saving” in 2002.
“I've been given an enormous responsibility, and an entire country and the Olympic team from the United States and the world, to a certain extent, expect me to do the job well,” Romney told NPR in an interview before those games. “And I want to fulfill that responsibility.”
The media, however, is giving Romney the benefit of the doubt and speculating on whether or not he will run.
The Salt Lake Tribune reported:
Mitt Romney has always been an adopted Utahn. Although a graduate of Brigham Young University, a Mormon and, to some, the revered savior of the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, Romney wasn't born in the state and spent most of his life living elsewhere. But he now resides in Holladay where he built his dream house. And he could be Utah's next senator.
“I think he's in,” Jason Perry, executive director of the University of Utah's Hinckley Institute of Politics told the Tribune. “The way this tweet was put out and the message that was delivered seems to indicate that he has a big announcement.”
“You don't usually send out a tweet to say ‘I'm not interested,” Perry said.
At least once conservative doesn't see the race between Romney, who has lived in Utah since 2013, and his would-be challenger, Democrat and Salt Lake County Councilwoman Jenny Wilson, as a typical contest.
“Utah State Auditor John Dougall, a conservative Republican, lamented on Facebook that Romney is virtually guaranteed the seat, not because of merit or hard work ‘but because the press and the UT Republican Party will help ensure his coronation,” the Tribune reported.
Romney, 70, has been making public appearances, the Associated Press reported. But he has not officially said whether or not he will run to replace Hatch, who has served in the U.S. Senate since 1977.
Bananarama, Boy George, Erasure and Jason Donovan will take to the stage in a 1980s extravaganza concert for Children In Need.
The themed BBC fundraiser will come to London's SSE Wembley Arena in October, with presenters Fearne Cotton and Sara Cox at the helm.
Roman Kemp will also be contributing backstage, sharing interviews with stars such as Europe, Imagination, Jason Donovan, Katrina from Katrina & The Waves, Louisa Johnson, Nick Heyward, OMD and UB40 Featuring Ali, Astro and Mickey.
Tickets for the BBC Children in Need Rocks on October 19 are already on sale from £25 each.
Cotton, 35, said: "As a child of the 80s, I am especially thrilled to be presenting this year's BBC Children in Need Rocks!
"This is an amazing opportunity to party to the finest tunes from the 1980s in aid of an incredibly important cause. It's going to be a blast!"
Cox, who presents BBC Radio 2's Sounds Of The 80s programme, added: "It's no secret that I am in love with the sounds of the decade and I can't wait to hear some of the era's greatest hits performed live at Wembley for a very worthy cause."
The broadcaster's charity appeal for children made its debut as a telethon broadcast in 1980, hosted by Sir Terry Wogan with Sue Lawley and Esther Rantzen.
The organisation's signature yellow teddy bear with the polka-dot eye patch, Pudsey, joined in 1985.
MINNEAPOLIS — Here's how lucky Chelsea and Courey Marshall are: They are going to Sunday's Super Bowl after spending the previous night in a luxury suite at U.S. Bank Stadium.
Courey Marshall, a graduate of the Naval Academy who spent five years in the service, and his wife, who works for a chiropractic practice, are Broncos fans from San Diego. So this isn't their first trip to the big game. In 2016, they were at Levi's Stadium to see Denver beat Carolina for the NFL championship.
Sure, their team and favourite player, now-retired Peyton Manning , are not on hand this year. And the couple had no plans to be in Minnesota in February.
Then Courey was notified — by Manning, of all people — that he'd won the Courtyard by Marriott Super Bowl contest. The prizes include two tickets to Eagles-Patriots, and also the opportunity to stay in the converted stadium suite on Saturday night.
"I've never been in a completely empty stadium, let alone the Super Bowl stadium," he said. "And to have my wife with me, and to wake up on game day in the stadium, that's pretty special."
Added Chelsea: "I can't imagine what it's like to wake up in the Super Bowl stadium with no fans there."
They're about to find out.
The suite is on field level next to where the Patriots would run out of the tunnel before the game. It will be converted from the sleepover suite back to its original state well before kickoff, and the Marshalls will have prime seats near midfield.
Eli Manning was on hand this week to show off a replica of the suite and an omnitheatre presentation that replicated the experience.
"You're right there in the dome and get to see all the behind-the-scenes stuff," he said. "Then you wake up on Super Bowl Sunday right there. Has to be a wonderful experience."
European leaders are clamoring for US President Donald Trump not to rip up the historic 2015 Iran nuclear deal. Whether or not Trump kills the deal, the US hasn't been living up to its end of the bargain since the agreement was signed, according to Mohammad Marandi, a professor at Iran's University of Tehran.
​French President Emmanuel Macron is in Washington to convince Trump to go against the suggestions of new neoconservative National Security Adviser John Bolton and keep the 2015 Iran nuclear deal intact.
While anything is possible between now and May 12 — when Trump must renew the the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) — Bolton's role in the White House has led to increasing conviction among political observers that Trump will pull the US out of the history agreement struck by his predecessor.
"The Iranians have, for a very long time, been sensing that the deal is coming to an end. Ever since the agreement was signed, the United States has been violating it," Marandi told Sputnik Radio's Loud & Clear on Tuesday.
© AP Photo / Office of the Iranian Supreme Leader Iran-US Relations Headed For Further Deterioration Following New Sanctions
"Under [former] President Barack Obama, they passed the nuclear restriction laws. They also passed — again, despite promises to do otherwise — the Iran Sanctions Act. The Treasury Department has constantly added people and institutions to the sanctions list. But also, more importantly, the United States behind the scenes was putting pressure on banks, financial institutions, insurance companies and shipping companies not to work with Iran. That was in direct violation of the agreement, specifically between Articles 26 and 29," Marandi, a professor of English Literature and Orientalism at the University of Tehran, said.
Earlier in the day, Trump actually hinted that he may have reached an "understanding" with Macron on the Iran deal. "We could have at least an agreement, among ourselves, fairly quickly… I think our meeting, our one-on-one, went very, very well," Trump said following the meeting in the Oval Office, shortly before the joint news conference.
And during their joint news conference, Macron introduced the idea of building on top of the Iran nuclear arms deal to accomplish mutual goals instead of tearing up the JCPOA.
"We're going to have a short little meeting and it turned out to be a long meeting, and it could have gone on for another two hours," Trump said following extended talks with the French president. "We've come a long way — just the two of us — as understanding."
"We talked about Iran. We talked about Syria… I think we really had some substantive talks on Iran, maybe more than anything else. We're looking forward to doing something, but it has to be done, and it has to be done strongly," the New York native said Tuesday.
Dynamics NAV Developer – George
MS Dynamics NAV Developer – George, South Africa
My client is an end-user based in George and they are looking for a Dynamics NAV Developer! My client has an outstanding team and they are looking to grow it at a rapid rate. They are opneing offices throughout South Africa and are really well known brand.
If you are looking for an End-User role at a company that truly vaules their staff then this is the one for you!
Interested? Please contact Eddie ASAP directly on (contact number) or send CV to (email address)
Nigel Frank International is the leading Microsoft Dynamics recruiter worldwide, advertising more Dynamics jobs than any other agency. We deal with Microsoft Partners and End users throughout South Africa and the world and have never had such a large demand for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. By specialising in placing candidates in markets in South Africa I have developed excellent relationships with employers in South Africa.
Learn more/Apply for this position
New Delhi: Controversial Islamic preacher Zakir Naik today refuted media reports that he is coming back to India and said that he will return to his homeland when the government will be just and fair.
"The news of my coming to India is totally baseless and false. I have no plans to come to India till I feel safe from unfair prosecution. Insha Allah when I feel that the government will be just and fair, I will surely return to my homeland," Naik said in a statement.
The 51-year-old televangelist, who is currently abroad, is being probed under terror and money-laundering charges by the NIA.
He fled from India on July 1, 2016, after terrorists in neighbouring Bangladesh claimed that they were inspired by his speeches. The NIA had on November 18, 2016, registered a case against Naik at its Mumbai branch under various sections of the Indian Penal Code and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. The NIA had on November 18, 2016, registered a case against Naik at its Mumbai branch under various sections of the Indian Penal Code and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. His Mumbai-based NGO, Islamic Research Foundation, has already been declared an unlawful association by the Union home ministry. His Mumbai-based NGO, Islamic Research Foundation, has already been declared an unlawful association by the Union home ministry.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Abror Azimov was detained on the western outskirts of Moscow on Monday and delivered to the Investigative Committee.
"The motion on Azimov's arrest was filed with the court," Basmanny District Court spokeswoman Yunona Tsareva said.
Azimov is suspected of training the April 3 St. Petersburg subway suicide bomber Akbarzhon Dzhalilov.
The blast killed 14 and wounded over 50 people.
By John Irish
When Israel's envoy told Unesco delegates last July that fixing the plumbing in his toilet was more important than their latest ruling, it highlighted how fractious geopolitics are paralysing the workings of the agency.
Whoever wins the race to replace Irina Bokova as head of the UN's cultural and education body next week will have to try to restore the relevance of an agency born from the ashes of World War Two but increasingly hobbled by regional rivalries and a lack of money.
Its triumphs include designating world heritage sites such as the Galapagos Islands and the historic tombs of Timbuktu — re-built by Unesco after Islamist militants destroyed them.
But in a sign of how toxic relations have become, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told world leaders at the UN General Assembly last month that Unesco was promoting “fake history”.
Like Israel's plain-speaking envoy Carmel Shama Hacohen, Netanyahu was referring to Unesco's designation of Hebron and the two adjoined shrines at its heart – the Jewish Tomb of the Patriarchs and the Muslim Ibrahimi Mosque – as a “Palestinian World Heritage Site in Danger.”
Jews believe the Cave of the Patriarchs is where Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and their wives, are buried. Muslims, who, like Christians, also revere Abraham, built the Ibrahimi mosque, also known as the Sanctuary of Abraham, in the 14th century.
Israeli-Palestinian hostilities, though, are only part of a minefield of contentious issues on which the UN body has to hand down rulings.
Japan, for example, threatened to withhold its 2016 dues after Unesco included documents submitted by China on the 1937 Nanjing Massacre in its “Memory of the World” programme.
The Paris-based organization, which also promotes global education and supports press freedom, convenes its executive council on Oct 9 to begin voting on seven candidates.
Azerbaijan, China, Egypt, France, Lebanon, Qatar and Vietnam have put forward candidates. There is no clear frontrunner.
Unesco's struggles worsened in 2011, when the United States cancelled its substantial budgetary contribution in protest at a decision to grant the Palestinians full membership. Unesco has been forced to cut programmes and freeze hiring.
“It's an organisation that has been swept away from its mandate to become a sounding board for clashes that happen elsewhere, and that translates into political and financial hijacking,” said a former European Unesco ambassador.
DRAWING LOTS
All the candidates have vowed a grassroots overhaul and pledged independence from their home nations.
France and China, both permanent members of the UN Security Council, argue the agency needs “strong leadership, which can only come with the backing of a major power.
Chinese candidate Qian Tang has almost 25 years experience at Unesco. His bid fits into Beijing's soft power diplomacy, though Western capitals fret about China controlling an agency that shapes internet and media policy.
Former French culture minister Audrey Azoulay carries the support of France's new young president, Emmanuel Macron. But the last minute French candidacy has drawn the ire of Arab states, notably Egypt, who believe it should be their turn.
The Arab states face their own political tests. Their three entries underscore their own disunity, something the Egyptian hopeful Moushira Khattab has indicated stymie the Arab bid.
The crisis engulfing Qatar and its Gulf Arab neighbours, who have called Doha a “high level” sponsor of terrorism, meanwhile may have hurt the chances of former Qatari culture minister Hamad bin Abdulaziz al-Kawari.
A 15 hour strike has been declared by RMT members on February 21st.
The Central Line is the only line to be affected, with workers striking over 'displacement of staff'.
RMT general secretary Mick Cash said: "LU (London Underground) have now written to us confirming that they will be bulldozing through the displacements regardless.
"Let us be in no doubt, if LU are allowed to get away with this move on the Central line they will start shunting drivers around at the drop of a hat regardless of the consequences."
The walkout will begin at 9pm on Tuesday 21st February.
Source: bbc.co.uk
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Kansas City's first container house is located at 59th and Charlotte in KCMO, and is on the market for $849,000.
The single-family home is made out of five shipping containers, totaling 2,600 square feet. The contemporary design features two bedrooms and three bathrooms.
It is also eco-friendly and energy-efficient, including landscaping that is completely edible.
It was designed and built by Debbie Glassberg in partnership with BNIM in 2009.
Glassberg used to work in the toy industry, specifically with Polly Pockets. She told 41 Action News that designing the tiny homes for the dolls inspired an interest in shipping container homes because she loved figuring out how to fit as much as possible into a small space.
Glassberg also said she likes shipping container homes because they're like a “closed envelope.” Unlike traditional homes, there's not a lot of repair work that has to be done on the outside. In addition, they are easy to move with belongings already inside, so they act as turn-key houses.
Glassberg and BNIM are also working on new shipping container homes closer to downtown KC, on a one-acre piece of land in the Washington Wheatley neighborhood.
She said this development will focus more on community creation. She is targeting millennial buyers who haven't bought into the market yet.
The new homes will have two bedrooms and two baths, totaling 930 square feet. There will be seven homes on the property that will resemble two-story studio apartments. They will sell for between $150,000 and $250,000.
Glassberg said building these homes has been a learning process as she continues to improve her designs. Her goal is to be able to offer high-end living at an affordable price.
Her home in Brookside may not be on the market for long. Glassberg moved to L.A. but said she may be back in Kansas City soon.
While e-commerce is a force that won't be held back, traditional brick-and-mortar retailers are in the best position to take advantage of that revolution, according to the Philippine Retailers Association
Published 7:45 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Get off a bus stop anywhere in the metro and you're likely to be near a mall.
Indeed so ubiquitous are malls in the country that the top 3 business groups here – SM, the Ayala Group, and JG Summit – have all built their empires on the back of their retail behemoths – SM Supermalls, Ayala Malls, and Robinsons Malls, respectively.
These malls have become such a fixture that they have transcended mere retail and have become part of the culture, even featuring Holy Mass services, as SM Investments Corporation (SMIC) vice chairperson Teresita Sy-Coson pointed out at an Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) forum earlier this year.
One may think then that traditional brick-and-mortar retailers' position as a key node in the consumption-driven economy is unassailable. Like many other industries, however, they are in danger of being supplanted by internet companies in the form of e-commerce.
"In the developed world, the share of e-commerce is still quite small in terms of overall sales, slightly less than 10%," said Paul Santos, president of the Philippine Retailers Association (PRA), at the Stores Asia Expo 2017. The expo was held from August 10 to 11.
"In the Philippines, it's no more than 2%. But it's getting a lot of buzz because it's starting from a low base, it's growing, and there's a lot of innovation from that sector," he added.
That the industry is widely conscious of this threat is evidenced by the theme for this year's Stores Asia Expo: future-proofing retail. "We want our members to obtain insights into how to conduct their business in the light of the growth of e-commerce," Santos explained.
It's just as well since it's a crucial time for traditional Philippine retailers, with e-commerce giants Alibaba and Amazon looming over the horizon.
Chinese giant Alibaba, now the world's largest retailer by market capitalization, has entered the Philippines by acquiring dominant local player Lazada. Amazon, meanwhile, announced its entry into Southeast Asia, starting with Singapore.
Traditional retailers in a good position
Despite this, Santos pointed out that traditional retailers are still in the best position to take advantage of the growth of e-commerce.
"Shopping has always been a sensory experience. This is what we've always been good at. What we want [local retailers] to realize is that if you meld this expertise with the kind of information that people get from e-commerce, where all the information on a product is readily available from price to reviews, then they can do very well," he explained.
"You see a lot of spending going to virtual reality because e-commerce is trying to recreate the sensory experience that so far has not yet been delivered," he added.
Local retailers are also fortunate in that the e-commerce space has not yet been dominated by major players, giving them time to carve a niche for themselves.
"We're lucky, we're not China, the US, or the UK yet. E-commerce has not taken that much of a foothold [here] yet but mark my words, the time will come when [e-commerce] growth will come and it will be exponential," Santos said.
Conglomerates buying in
This idea of blending traditional brick-and-mortar retail with e-commerce is an approach the dominant local players have already seemingly taken to heart.
All 3 of the dominant retailers – SM, Ayala, and JG Summit – have all made major investments in the e-commerce space this year.
Ayala acquired online fashion platform Zalora and subsequently detailed its strategy of creating online and offline retailing synergies. (READ: Ayala's stake in Zalora PH: Fusing online and offline retail)
The Gokongweis of JG Summit, meanwhile, acquired a significant stake in Singapore-based Sea Ltd, the firm behind the growing online platform Shopee.
SMIC, for its part, has gone a different route by investing in logistics, a crucial part of e-commerce. It took control of the country's top logistics player 2GO Group Incorporated.
Traditional retail still alive and kicking
It may seem like traditional retail shops would be in danger of extinction in the country, but that is still far from the case in an economy that is predicated on consumption. (READ: Change or die: American malls confront Amazon era)
Philippine retail sales grew by 10.6% year-on-year in the 1st half of 2016, with retail sales totaling P926 billion for the period, according to data from the Philippine Statistics Authority (PSA).
Research firm AT Kearney also projected that the retail sector is expected to make up 20% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) by 2025.
"The industry is growing mainly because of the growing population and their consumption. Disposable incomes are growing, driven by OFW remittances and young people employed in the BPO sector," Santos explained.
That means a huge slice of the pie for traditional retailers, considering e-commerce's meager foothold, so far. But Santos expects that to change in the near future as infrastructure and technology get boosted as well.
"I'd say you'd see the market percentage of e-commerce double in maybe the next 3 to 5 years. All the telcos are also committed to improving their connectivity and you have new players coming in," Santos said.
"Once the smartphone user base all gets converted to 3G or LTE mobile technology then that will be the point that you'll start to see exponential growth of e-commerce," he added.
"The day will come when e-commerce in the Philippines will grow exponentially and we don't want our members to be caught unawares." – Rappler.com
China's President Xi Jinping and Finland's President Sauli Niinisto shake hands during the signing ceremony at the Presidential Palace in Helsinki, Finland April 5, 2017. Lehtikuva/Vesa Moilanen/via REUTERS
HELSINKI China and Finland will increase cooperation under the China-European Union framework, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday after arriving in Finland for his first visit as head of state.
Xi is due to meet U.S. President Donald Trump at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida later this week.
Like China, the Nordics, home to blue chips like Finnish telecom equipment maker Nokia and Swedish truckmaker Volvo, stand to lose out if Trump's pledge to put "America first" increases global protectionism.
For China, the visit to eurozone member Finland is a chance to shore up support in Europe, its biggest trading partner.
European diplomats have said China has launched a charm offensive with the European Union since Trump took office, shifting its stance on trade negotiations and signalling closer cooperation on a range of other issues.
After meeting Finnish President Sauli Niinisto, Xi said China and Finland will "seize the opportunity of Finland's rotating chairmanship of the Arctic Council to enhance cooperation in Arctic affairs and promote environmental protection and sustainable development of the Arctic."
The countries also said they would support the launch of a joint feasibility study on an EU-China free trade agreement when conditions were right and step up high-tech trade cooperation.
"China continues to raise its profile as a defender of free trade," said Jyrki Kallio, researcher at the Finnish Institute of International Affairs.
"Both Finland and China share the same concern about the negative effects on the global economy if Trump's action ignites a trade war between China and the United States."
Niinisto said the two heads of state also discussed North Korea, which test-fired a ballistic missile into the sea on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Tuomas Forsell; additional reporting by Michael Martina, Philip Wen and Judy Hua in Beijing; writing by Niklas Pollard and Christian Shepherd)
FEATURING A POKÉ BALL SWITCH CONTROLLER Here's The Trailer For 'Pokémon, Let's Go,' The New Pokémon Game For Nintendo Switch
Pokémon isn't sleeping on the success of "Pokémon Go," and is bringing a new iteration to Nintendo Switch this November. Two editions "Pokémon, Let's Go Pikachu" and "Pokémon, Let's Go Evee" will be available.
Turkish policemen beat Antalya woman with baton while she is pinned to floor
A cellphone video shared in social media shows two police officer in Antalya repeatedly striking a woman with baton has prompted investigation, authorities announced on Wednesday.
According to the footage which was recorded by a passerby and released on Twitter, two police officers and a woman exchange a series of escalating insults and challenges, and the brawl ends up with officers repeatedly strike the woman on the upper part of her body and her head.
The video posted on Twitter doesn't show what led to the incident. The whereabouts of the woman is also unknown.
According to the Birgün daily, the victim was a foreign national and an investigation has been launched into the incident by the Antalya Police Department. The two officers were reportedly suspended. (turkeypurge.com
Related
© Sputnik/ Pavel Lisitsyn Going for Gold: Price of Bullion Surges as China and Russia Amass Precious Metal
Gold entered the New Year in a downward trend. In 2016, prices of the yellow metal have continued to drop, for the fourth year in a row. The last time such a trend was registered was between 1988 and 1992.
A drop in global gold prices was advantageous for China, the world' biggest importer of gold bars, gold investment coins and refined gold.
At the same time, by the end of 2016 gold prices were on the rise, with an ounce adding nearly six percent in dollar equivalence. In mid-2016, bullion prices jumped by 25 percent and higher. Then, gold dropped, but the dollar-denominated yield of gold is still higher than that of dollar deposits in banks.
Thus, China found itself in a two-dimensional situation. On the one hand, Chinese gold buyers can now easily enter the global market due to the decrease in prices. On the other hand, gold holders, including the People's Bank of China and private customers, can take advantage of the slow recovery in the prices.
In a bit to curb capitals outflow from China, the government restricted gold imports. Banks licensed to perform operations with the precious metal have faced problems with importing it. Thus, the world's biggest consumer of gold can influence global prices, said Andrei Vyazovsky, Vice President of Russian gold investment company Zoloto MD.
"Those restrictions alongside a currency reform in India resulted in a drop in global gold prices. They dropped below $1,200 per an ounce and settled at $1,130. At the same time, what Beijing is doing is not an official financial policy. The measure is applied on a case by case basis. It seems that Chinese authorities want to analyze the impact of those quotas on capital outflows," Vyazovsky told Sputnik Chinese.
However, the expert suggested that Beijing is likely to ease or lift the restrictions in 2017.
"The Chinese government eyes a global gold trading center in the country. Moreover, the Shanghai Gold Exchange is ramping up. So, any administrative restrictions would have a negative impact on those plans," he pointed out.
© AP Photo/ Xinhua, Gao Xueyu, File China Tightening Control Over Companies Investing Overseas to Maintan Financial Stability
In 2016, for the first time, China introduced its own gold fixing at the Shanghai Gold Exchange, making it one of the leading global trading platforms.In May, China's ICBC Standard Bank bought a 2,000-ton gold vault from Barclays, taking on the London Metal Exchange.
The deal delivered a "vote of confidence in the depth and strength of London, the world's international gold market," Ruth Crowell, the head of the London Bullion Market Association (LBMA), told The Financial Times.
© AFP 2016/ AMIR QURESHI China 'Taking Control' Over Infrastructure Centers of Asian Economy
Furthermore, it was discovered that Barclays and at least another 10 banks, including JPMorgan Chase and Deutsche Bank, were involved manipulations of gold and silver prices. After a series of scandals, the list of banks comprising the LBMA was expanded, adding three Chinese financial organizations, including the ICBC.
As a result, China's reputation in the global bullion market has significantly increased, according to Vyazovsky.
"In recent years, China has been increasing imports of the yellow metal. Beijing also plans to establish an international gold trading center in Shanghai. This is why establishing the Shanghai Gold Fix was logical. Moreover, it is aimed to increase transparency in the market. In the long-run, China is likely to begin exporting gold," the expert said.
Nicole Kidman reportedly spends $7,000 on beauty treatments before a red carpet event.
The 'Big Little Lies' actress is said to maintain her flawless, dewy glow thanks to HD Diamond and Ruby peels - which involve having her face scrubbed with jewels - followed by a lactic peel and a La Prarie White Caviar Illuminating facial, which is designed to diminish age spots.
And the 50-year-old star has even tried a "flying ant facial", which costs over $6,000 and uses insect secretions to make the skin glow.
A source told heat magazine: "Nicole's treatments don't come cheap but she knows it's what she has to pay to look as good as possible.
"She'll happily spend $7,000 as she wants the most advanced treatments and therapists. She's willing to try most things."
While she takes great care of her skin, the 'Beguiled' actress - who has Sunday, nine, and Faith, seven, with her husband Keith Urban and Connor, 22, and Isabella, 24, with former spouse Tom Cruise - previously admitted she doesn't like to spend a lot of time having her make-up done.
She said: "I can't be in the chair for more than 20-25 minutes so I'm like the speed dial of makeup, I'm like, 'Go! Quick! Fast!' because I don't like sitting, I'd rather be with my kids or I'd rather have a work out.
"I'm also trying to manage my time, and I don't know that many women who can sit around in a salon ... everyone's trying to multitask these days so I'm always like, 'Quick, quick! Do my hair and makeup at the same time', but I'm also massively into hydration because I tend to have dry skin so I always put oils on, any oils I can get, I just love moisture and I love a good mask."
And Nicole feels less is more with her make-up and she has "always regretted" it when she's heavily made up.
She added: "Less is more. Whenever I've worn really heavy makeup I've always regretted it.
April 24 Australian shares are expected to trade sideways on Monday, with investors skittish ahead of an announcement regarding "major" tax reforms by President Donald Trump on Wednesday. "We'll be having a big announcement on Wednesday having to do with tax reform. The process has begun long ago but the reform will begin on Wednesday," Trump said at the U.S. Treasury Department. The local share price index futures stood fast at 5838 points, a 16.1-point discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark rose 0.6 percent on Friday. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index rose 0.06 percent in early trade. For a summary of overnight action across global markets, double-click on For a digest of the day's business stories in Australian newspapers, double-click on (Reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru)
BEN Simmons has looked like a different player during March.
A 15-assist, 0-turnover game against the Charlotte Hornets on Tuesday was just one of a multitude of impressive performances where the rookie found his teammates with ease.
Already composed beyond his years when the 2017-18 regular season began, Simmons has seemingly taken another step up. You can put it down to the Australian becoming more and more comfortable with Brett Brown's offensive schemes, or simply getting to know the tendencies of his teammates a lot better; but there's one clear difference on the court, and it's led to a more productive Simmons.
“He was really unique tonight,” Brown said, after his team's win over the Hornets. “With the pace he played, finding shooters.”
On February 12, the Philadelphia 76ers signed Marco Belinelli. On the last day of that month, Ersan Ilyasova returned for his second stint with the franchise. Both were added to bolster the 76ers' playoff push and both Europeans are regarded among the league's more proficient shooters.
Belinelli effectively replaced Jerryd Bayless in Brown's rotation, while Trevor Booker was waived in order to make way for the signing of Ilyasova. The introduction of the pair obviously added a much-needed veteran presence to a relatively young team, but also led to a team that could stretch the floor that little bit better; ideal, considering the team's two best players — Simmons and Joel Embiid — dominate the paint.
LIVE stream the 2017/18 NBA Season on ESPN with the Foxtel Sports Pack. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
The 76ers have played 10 games with a healthy line, with both Belinelli and Ilyasova, and Simmons' distribution has subsequently climbed.
Simmons has posted a triple-double in three of his past four outings, and is averaging 10.6 assists per game, over the past 10 games. That's compared to the 7.4 assists per game he averaged before the addition of the two European shooters. The Melbourne native is also averaging fewer turnovers — just 2.7 a game, compared to 3.6 — a likely by-product of a paint that's less clogged.
The efficiency surrounding Simmons' distribution has also improved, with the point guard posting an assist percentage — an estimated percentage of field goals assisted by Simmons when he's on the court — of 42.7 over the past 10 games, which is up from 33.4 over the previous 58 games.
The numbers point to a clear growth from Simmons, with his production and efficiency — with regard to his distribution, in particular — increasing simultaneously, despite him playing less minutes.
The idea of spacing was always something that would benefit Simmons once he reached the NBA — something he admitted at the end of his time with LSU — and the personnel decisions from the 76ers' front office have only helped their star rookie's development.
Camera Icon Brett Brown talks with Ben Simmons. Picture: AP
There'll always be multiple shooters on the floor for the 76ers, which is something Brown pointed out, post game, on Tuesday.
“We really got something out of Marco. J.J. (Redick) had a down game; Marco came in, and that's the beauty of the Marco-J.J. decision,” Brown said.
“We've experienced with Dario and Ersan, a similar type of thing.”
Simmons' nine triple-doubles as a rookie, or his third triple-double in the past four games, will stand out as the sexy stat-line, but, dig deeper, and you'll notice the inception of a trend.
It's simply the nature of surrounding a 6'10 point guard who has a tendency to get on the rim, with high-level shooters who know their respective roles. Simmons is a more effective NBA player because of those two signings, and the 76ers, so far, are a better team for it.
***
Olgun Uluc covers basketball for Fox Sports Australia. Twitter: @OlgunUluc
Private equity groups Nordic Capital and Avista raised gross proceeds of 975 million pounds ($1.21 billion) through the sale of an about 19 percent stake in British medical technology giant ConvaTec Group Plc (CTEC.L), one of the joint bookrunner for the placing said.
The investors had sold 375 million shares at 260 pence per share, after the size of the placing was increased from 300 million shares due to strong investor demand, bookrunner UBS Ltd said in a statement on Wednesday.
Separately, the investors also sold 389 million shares, or a 19.95 percent stake, to Novo A/S, the parent company behind the world's largest insulin maker Novo Nordisk (NOVOb.CO), for about 1.012 billion pounds.
On completion of the transaction, Kasim Kutay, CEO of Novo A/S, will join ConvaTec's board, Novo said separately. bit.ly/2ofmWwn
ConvaTec, which focuses on the management of chronic conditions, was founded in 1978 as a division of Bristol Myers Squibb and became a standalone company when Nordic Capital and Avista acquired it in 2008.
Shares in the company were up 1.6 percent at 273.2 pence at 0733 GMT, making it the third top gainer on London's FTSE 100 index .FTSE. The firm joined the index after floating at a price of 225 pence in October.
Following the placing, Nordic Capital will own about 314 million ConvaTec shares, or an about 16.10 percent stake, while Avista will own roughly 137 million shares, or an about 7.03 percent stake.
ConvaTec would not get any proceeds from the placing, for which Goldman Sachs International, Merrill Lynch International and UBS acted as joint bookrunners.
Earlier this month, the company said it was well positioned for the year ahead after reporting an 8 percent increase in annual operating profit for last year.
($1 = 0.8070 pounds)
(Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
George and Barbara Bush looked remarkably unawkward in their younger years — even if they might not agree.
The 41st president shared photos of himself and his wife of 72 years on Twitter Thursday to thank late night host Stephen Colbert for his donation to the One America Appeal for Hurricane Relief.
“Our sincere thanks to @stephenathome for his kind donation to #OneAmericaAppeal. Here are two more for the file. No laughing rule in effect!” Bush, 93, tweeted.
Our sincere thanks to @StephenAtHome for his kind donation to #OneAmericaAppeal. Here are two more for the file. No laughing rule in effect! pic.twitter.com/x5Q8bLFvE8 — George Bush (@GeorgeHWBush) October 6, 2017
Bush Sr. need not worry. Shortly after the former president's post, the Late Show staff tweeted, “No laughing, we promise! Fantastic additions to the #PuberMe honor roll, thank you @GeorgeHWBush!”
No laughing, we promise! Fantastic additions to the #PuberMe honor roll, thank you @GeorgeHWBush! https://t.co/F5tSTGdbrP — The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) October 6, 2017
Colbert, 53, teamed up with fellow comedian Nick Kroll to collect #puberme shots to raise money for Puerto Rico following Hurricane Maria. The Stephen Colbert Americone Dream Fund promised to donate $1,000 to the One America Appeal for every celebrity who posted an awkward preteen or teen photo with the hashtags #PuberMe and #PuertoRicoRelief on Twitter. Kroll also promised to match the donations.
The pair revealed on the show Thursday night that donations have now reached $1 million — after Hamilton scribe Lin-Manuel Miranda helped to put them over the mark.
The One America Appeal has brought together all five living former presidents — Jimmy Carter, George H.W. Bush, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama — to help those affected by recent hurricanes. The group will also come together on Oct. 21 for a hurricane relief concert at Texas A&M's Reed Arena.
On Thursday, Clinton also shared a decidedly unawkward photo of himself in his teen years for the cause.
“the awkward years — big dreams & even bigger hair,” Clinton tweeted alongside a smiling photo of himself confidently crossing his arms and leaning against a classic red car. “Thank you for helping those in need. #PuertoRicoRelief #OneAmericaAppeal.”
DUBUQUE, Iowa (CNS) -- Relatives of the first chaplain to die in World War II accepted the Silver Star on his behalf 76 years to the day after he died saving 12 sailors during the Pearl Harbor attack.
On Dec. 7, Del and Dan Schmitt, and Fran Hemesath -- nephews and a niece of Father Aloysius Schmitt -- were among the family members who participated in a memorial Mass and medal ceremony at Loras College in Dubuque.
They still remember time they spent with their uncle as children before anybody ever called him a hero.
"He would be very humble," reflected Del Schmitt on how the priest would react to the recognition. "He would probably tell them to give the medal to someone else."
"We're very proud," added Hemesath.
Rear Adm. Margaret Kibben, chief of chaplains of the U.S. Navy, led the military delegation bestowing the award, the third-highest medal in the armed forces, given for bravery in combat.
"It was his actions that helped to save 12 souls," said the admiral during the ceremony. "Father Schmitt has lived out the motto of the U.S. Navy Chaplain Corps ... 'called to serve.'"
She also took a moment during her remarks to thank all those who died for their country at Pearl Harbor, "their actions unrecorded."
Father Schmitt, a native of St. Lucas and a 1932 graduate of Loras College, was ordained for the Archdiocese of Dubuque before joining the Navy. The 32-year-old lieutenant was killed aboard the battleship USS Oklahoma during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor Dec. 7, 1941.
The priest had just finished saying Mass at about 7:48 a.m. when his ship was struck by torpedoes and began to sink. Father Schmitt sacrificed his own chance to escape and helped save the lives of a dozen men by pushing them through a porthole to safety.
"Father Al was an inspiration to our family; let him now be an inspiration to you to do great things with the rest of your lives," Dr. Steve Sloan, another of the chaplain's relatives, told the crowd who gathered for the medal ceremony. Sloan helped lead the effort to upgrade the priest's military awards, a process that took several years.
For his heroism, Father Schmitt was initially awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Medal and the Purple Heart. His family and others compiled evidence and eventually submitted a 29-page document to military authorities making the case for an upgrade.
"Members of this family for the last several years have been trying to upgrade his award and have gathered quite a bit of firsthand information from people who were there on the ship," Kibben explained in an interview before the ceremony.
"(They identified) the fact that he really did deserve a much higher award from our country, and just recently the secretary of the Navy approved it," she told The Witness, newspaper of the Archdiocese of Dubuque.
The military has stringent requirements that must be met before someone can be awarded any of the top combat medals. Kibben touched briefly on how authorities determined Father Schmitt should receive the Silver Star.
"One has to be in the thick of combat and one has to display actions related to heroism," she said. "The heroism is clearly identified by his own personal sacrifice, which is evident in the actions that he took."
Sloan publicly thanked a group of people he identified as "The Father Al Team" who were key to the effort and recognized many others, including Republican Sen. Joni Ernst of Iowa and Father Daniel Mode, a priest of the Diocese of Arlington, Virginia, who is director of plans and operations for the Office of the Chief of Chaplains of the Navy.
Before the medal ceremony, a Mass was held at Christ the King Chapel at the college. Father Schmitt was laid to rest at Loras College in October 2016.
His remains had been identified following efforts by the U.S. Department of Defense to use modern DNA testing to identify members of the USS Oklahoma's crew who had been buried as "unknowns" at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Hawaii. The chaplain's remains are now entombed near the main altar in the chapel.
Father Mode concelebrated the Dec. 7 Mass with three priests of the archdiocese. He said Father Schmitt "truly was a witness and example of Christ." Father Schmitt's chalice, recovered from the shipwreck, was used for the liturgy.
"Father Al Schmitt does not need our honor, but we need to honor him," Father Bill Joensen, dean of spiritual life at Loras, said in his homily. "We need his example and witness to illuminate our own darkness."
Father Schmitt's love for God and country continues to have an impact today. Nick Radloff, a seminarian for the Archdiocese of Dubuque, was inspired to investigate the priesthood after learning about Father Schmitt while serving in the Air force. He was among those who spoke at the medal ceremony.
The chaplain's legacy "lives on through us, so it is my prayer that we all tell that story well," he said.
- - -
Russo is editor of The Witness, newspaper of the Archdiocese of Dubuque.
